"A good company to work for. Highly recommended.","A good company to work for. I would recommend this to a friend.","Work Leader","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 28, 2013","5.0"
"Compensation/ Benefits","Provide Assist, training, and mentoring on a wide-range of things, while working in a high level call center envorinment","Senior Employee Relations Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 28, 2013","4.0"
"Employee engagement activities are highly recommended","As long as there is healthy communication amongst management and staff (especially to offsite staff members), you can have a successful department.","Loss Analyst IV","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 25, 2013","2.0"
"An all-around diverse setting with positive co-workers.","My time spent at this bank was a learning experience, not only for the customers, but also for myself in understanding my banking and the benefits to each accounts offered. The most enjoyable part of my job was the relationships I was able to establish with consumers that came into our facility on a daily and/or weekly basis. The hardest part of my job was having to handle technical difficulties as they occurred during the day, these were far and few between, but caused a decrease in our efficiency when they did occur.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 22, 2013","4.0"
"Boring","worked with mutual funds clearing breaks daily using DST Vision.","Control Accounting Specialist III","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","January 21, 2013","2.0"
"They treated you below average standards. This was the company not the people I worked with."," this bank was the worst company I have worked for in my 40 years of work experience. I wouldn't recomend even banking with them!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ashland, OH","January 21, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and a great way to connect to the local community."," this bank had a moderate work pace but I always found that I had something to do the entire day which was great. I really enjoyed my time working with my fellow employees at this bank.","Junior Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","January 18, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","At this bank I have had the opportunity to learn and grow with an organization that supports it employees. I have learned to work independently as well as with a team. Management has supported my decisions to move forward with my career both inside this bank and outside the company. I enjoy going to work and learning more from my coworkers and meeting interesting people. The hardest part of my job is adjusting to working for a seven day branch.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","January 17, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","I grew my career with them, and tried in-store banking, and financial sales consultant.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 17, 2013","5.0"
"Wronged","HR department is not management friendly. It takes management out of the process. Also, manager must prove self over employee. The employee relations line is a joke.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indiana","January 15, 2013","2.0"
"Great place to work and had ongoing training for various computer jobs","Worked at this bank for 38 years. Spent majority of my career in the branch system working with students at University of Louisville educating them about banking and finance. Met a lot of nice people and made a lot of friends throughout my time at this bank. Retired in March 2012 but ready to go back to work.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Louisville KY","January 15, 2013","5.0"
"I loved my job","Loved everything about it! Customers were amazing, coworkers were easy to get along with.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ellicott City, MD","January 14, 2013","5.0"
"Fair place to work","Good place to work if you are looking for a job and not a career","Collections Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 14, 2013","3.0"
"Personal Banker","I enjoyed my customers and providing good customer service.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 13, 2013","4.0"
"Moderate risk institution that's headed in the right direction","Working with Sr. level management brings about its challenges because everyone has their own idea of how things should be. That shows the diverse nature of mindsets that's placed this bank amongst the leading institutions in the country . My team is a dynamic group of individuals that care about bring forth quality products which makes working with them an absolute joy.","Continuous Improvement Engineer","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","January 12, 2013","3.0"
"Fast paced environment","Typical day would be getting to work and getting your cash drawer set up and preparing for the rush of customers. The hardest part of the day was dealing with angry customers that were regulars and if you are a new employee they expect the same exceptions that the other employees give these customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 11, 2013","4.0"
"flexible work schedules and work like balance is a priority","Great place to work. Management is very open and reachable. Friendly work enviorement and good facilities. I also like all the benefits of working in a financial institution (bank).Management promotes training in and out of the company as well as they want to keep you within the organization, so there is always the opportunity to be transfer to another department instead of leaving the company depending on your career goals.","AVP - Internal Audit","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 11, 2013","4.0"
"First full-time job out into the world, becoming a young adult!!!!!!!!!","Enjoyed working with coworkers, and finding out that I can performed from the knowledge I learned in school. I love working with coworkers and getting the production done in a timely manner.","Payment Processor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 11, 2013","5.0"
"Great","Great Management and love the support that I get from my co-worker","Peak Time Teller","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","January 10, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and friendly enviroment","Answered inbound call and make outbound calls to customer regarding mortgage accounts","Collector","Former Employee","Jacksonville,FL","January 10, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work. Really great coworkers. A great atmosphere, even during the stressful tax season.","Bank Tax Department Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 8, 2013","5.0"
"Bank that really does care about clients and employees."," this bank has high standards for client satisfaction, and strives 110% each time.","Volunteer","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 7, 2013","4.0"
"Goal oriented work place"," this bank is a good bank to work for. this bank is here for their clients, and truly care about their employees.","Teller","Current Employee","Pinellas Park, FL","January 7, 2013","4.0"
"Helping each client reach their financial goals and dreams.","Opening the branch and preparing for a non-stop day with some days no breaks until we closed the branch. Being the main financial consultant and able to direct them to the best partner to help them reach their financial goals and banking needs. Working with a great team that puts the clients first at all times. Sometimes working on 3 or 4 things at one time can be overwhelming, but, setting priorities and taking care each situation with care. Best part is helping people reach their banking and financial needs.","License Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Ballwin, MO","January 6, 2013","4.0"
"My favorite job","I absolutely loved being a bank teller. I loved dealing with the public and I worked with a great group of people.","Bank Teller/Back-up Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 5, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent","I loved this mortgage company. I worked closely with the Area Manager to build the mortgage business in the Klamath Falls Area until I relocated to California due to the economy.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Klamath Falls, OR","January 4, 2013","5.0"
"not goood","boring atmosphere, not good coworkers, short breaks, overall not a future","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Edison, NJ","January 4, 2013","3.0"
"Productive workplace with opportunities for advancement","I started out in the Data Entry Department and quickly moved over to the mail in, mail out department, this was on an as needed basis. I was also trained in a third position as a check extractor. This job was located in the bank's lockbox facility. Every day was different since I worked in three departments. There was never a dull moment and I greatly enjoyed working there.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","January 4, 2013","5.0"
"I enjoyed working at this bank. They sent me to Ireland for a year to work in one of our International Offices.","A typical day could be anything from putting out fires or creating policies and procedures for the staff. I learned how to create a Team enviornment taking all quality points from each staff member and integrating within the department.","Project Manager for Operations","Former Employee","Pawtucket Rhode Island","January 3, 2013","3.0"
"Most wonderful place to work. Company cared about well being of employees","The most enjoyable part of the job was working with a group of wonderful people who not only enjoyed what they did for the company but encouraged progress for everyone within their reach. A typical day consisted of a team meeting and then trying to prioritize what needed to be accomplished on that particular day.","Support Specialist","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 3, 2013","5.0"
"Csa","Work as a Customer service associateTypical day of work is always typical. Same routine day to day. I have learned valuable knowledge about the banking world from deposits, to loans. I have the most amazing co-workers, they mean everything to me.I love working with the public. Being in customer service is very exciting to me as a person.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Bridgeville, PA","January 3, 2013","4.0"
"Great project work","Exceptional team collaboration on simultaneous projects .","Refresh Team Lead","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","January 3, 2013","5.0"
"Not productive","Processing checks for major accounts and processing paperwork for major companyhardest part is producing enough batches for sertine time frame","PROCESSOR","Former Employee","PITTSBURGH","January 1, 2013","3.0"
"Amazing","Best job i've ever had, great core values and equally great co workers. Team company and everyone really works together.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Conshohocken, PA","January 1, 2013","5.0"
"Great work/life balance and company for a long term career"," this bank is a company that often puts their employees first. In the Wealth Management division, you are able to create your own schedule, work remotely, and as long as your goals are being met and work is being completed, you are well compensated.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","East","January 1, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and enjoyable work environment","Coworkers are always willing to help each other and can keep the peace when the bank gets busy and stressful.Loved my day hours at my job and my start pay rate","Full-Time Teller","Current Employee","Lebanon, IN","December 31, 2012","5.0"
"Administrative and robust work culture","What I have learned from working at this bank is a comprehensive understanding of operation processes that impact production, compensation, internal partnerships accountability and client relationships. I learned how to adapt my leadership style to working in a robust sales culture in a declining economic environment in addition to working with moderate risk focused and revenue driven product solutions.","Business Banker II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 31, 2012","2.0"
"Fun Place to work","I loved working at this bank it was great job stability the employees and customers are all friendly. I actually learned how to use the numerical key pad at this job and learned how to do it with speed. My work day consist of counting money in the large volt and my cash drawer. Transfers for customers and upgrading on their accounts, (ex: standard checking to premier checking). The hardest part there was having to explain to a customer that we could not cash their check for either large amount of money or because the check was no good. But overall it was a great place to work at.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Providence, NJ","December 31, 2012","5.0"
"Moving","i love working at this bank but i am moving and need a job closer to home.","Teller","Current Employee","Hogansville","December 29, 2012","5.0"
"Best Transfer Agency in the business","Typical day - managed group of 22/25 responsible for trade balancing, dividend payments, statementing, tax forms, system services, conversions, high net worth clients and assisting management of mutual funds.What I learned - everything about the business from the ground up. Started as a clerk and worked upward to Sr. Level Investor Mgr.Hardest part of the job - in this business it's probably the hours. Lots and lots of hours, but it just comes with the territory.Most enjoyable - satisfied, happy clients. That was my goal. And I had lots of happy, satisfied, trusted clients","Investor Services Manager","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","December 27, 2012","4.0"
"Okay place to work","Work at this bank instore in giant sucks, because the hours are changing from 11-8 mon-fri.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","December 27, 2012","4.0"
"Great company values","I loved working there just needed something that paid better.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","December 27, 2012","5.0"
"Tons of Opportunity"," this bank is a great place to work for someone interested in a long-term banking career. New branches are being built rapidly and customers continue to use this bank to meet their financial needs.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","December 26, 2012","4.0"
"Steady work, never a dull moment","I balance the bank's general ledger accounts for their Debit card and Brokerage card products. I research out of balance discrepancies and inquiries from service partners. I get along well with my co-workers and consider myself to be the ideal team player.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 26, 2012","4.0"
"Getting to meet people and interacting with them.","- Provide excellent customer service always to go up and beyond what would be expected. Profile customer to know what products and services to provide for the.- Everyday we were to review the announcement board to keep up to date on various issues. Training classes were constantly required to learn new or changes to rules and regulations.- Management was concerned for the well being of the employees and pleasant to be around.- My co-workers were the best. We helped each other, and if someone was having a bad day, everyone would try to cheer them up.- The hardest part of the job was phone sales.- Dealing with most customers and getting to know them as a person.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","December 22, 2012","4.0"
" this bank Summary","A typical day at this bank as a Financial Sales Consultant involves providing clients with the best customer service possible. I look for ways to make customers day to day banking easier and more beneficial by reviewing accounts and finding ways to save and make more money. I work with management to improve my skills and to help solve more complicated customer problems. The hardest part of my job is making sales calls everyday. Its not really hard to make the calls but not real enjoyable. The most enjoyable part of my day involves interacting face to face with customers and learning a little bit about their life.","SENIOR FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","December 19, 2012","4.0"
"Business Banking","As a business banker I interact with business owners on a regular basis, to make sure all of their banking needs are taken care of. I work with businesses up to $10MM in gross revenue. I customize specific cash flow solutions for every business I work with to have sufficient cash flow.","Financial Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 18, 2012","5.0"
"Overall, its a fun environment and it allows your personality to shine.","I love assisting customers with their day to day financial needs. Its even more fulfillig when I assist a customer with reaching their financial goals.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","December 18, 2012","3.0"
"Kept busy all day, inbound calls","Always busy, training class was informative and learned a lot.Loved the job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 13, 2012","5.0"
"Good Company","Good working environment with opportunities to advance if you wish to stay in the retail branch banking.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Metro Atlanta","December 12, 2012","4.0"
"customer service and sales","working with customers on a daily basis to make sure all of their financial aspects are taken care of.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","stafford, va","December 11, 2012","4.0"
"Good company","good people...easy work...Easy computer system and good work life balance.","Teller","Former Employee","philadelphia,pa","December 11, 2012","1.0"
"I think this bank was a wonderful company and trustworthy.","I loved being a teller, seeing all of my regulars on a weekly basis. My coworkers and I became like family, seeing each other daily. The hardest part of the job was only at balancing time. I had a lot of good times at the bank, it brought a lot of smiles.","Paying and Receiving Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 11, 2012","5.0"
"Nice place to work until they decide they need to cut people","I had worked for the company for 8 yrs and had no real complaints until they decided to start cleaning house and firing people for anything and everything while shrinking the department.","COLLECTOR","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 10, 2012","3.0"
"Call Center Environment","I had an assigned que of Home Equity loans that I worked start to finish. Calling customers for missing information, advising of appraisals turn around time. Finally, calling branches and customers to set up loan closings.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 7, 2012","4.0"
"very professional atmosphere,and excessible management staff.","great place to work and develope as a employee.management is highly motivated in working with its employees.","Lead Operator","Former Employee","chicago,il.","November 28, 2012","4.0"
"Wonderful Ethics"," this bank is a great place to work. The company has excellent ethics, great training.","Teller","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","November 28, 2012","3.0"
"Terrible experience","My co-workers were great people dealing with the insanity of a bank in Chicago. The managers are all brainwashed 'synergy-ified black belts in Human Sigma' drunk-on-the-Kool-Aid-ers that renders them incapable of understanding basic human needs and emotions--it renders them incapable of even understanding someone is ten minutes late because of the CTA. Overworked, over-stressed. I was never paid enough to actually live in the Chicago city limits. The payment scale for incentives/bonuses, unfortunately, favors the managers instead of the customer service associates that actually put in the work to earn good customer service scores.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 27, 2012","2.0"
"Great Place for a Student in College","I worked here as a teller for only half a year, while I was working towards my Undergraduate Degree. However, during that time, I really enjoyed working at this bank. The only reason I left was that I received an internship offer from another company.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 27, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, organized enviroment","Process and balancing of Philadelphia cash accounts via telphone with head tellers, balancing ATMS and processing of adjustments for customers cash deposits, withdrawals, and adjustments. I learned more is involved with the banking processes.","Adjustmernt Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 27, 2012","5.0"
"Strong Company, Cares about employees","Seems that our commission system is re-tooled often and we get paid less for that reason.Management works with you to help achieve the goals you wish to reach in the company.Management over communicates on less important subjects and important subjects are skipped over .","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","New Jersey","November 23, 2012","4.0"
"very unorganized","very good training,poor employee relationships. Very god benefits and incenitives","Teller","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","November 23, 2012","4.0"
"Dysfunctional","Sell everyone an Annuity, sell annuities, sell annuities.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Punxsutawney, PA","November 20, 2012","1.0"
"Good place to learn","Great company...great benefits. I worked on the investment side and the retail investment management team is not very talented. Typical tactics to micro manage sales goals.","AVP Section Sales Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 19, 2012","4.0"
"Professional banking experience given, many great opportunities to learn all banking needs for client"," this bank is great company to work for and has a wonderful work enviroment .","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","November 19, 2012","5.0"
"unorganized, lack of team work between management sites.","I learned to get everything in writing. When their is disfunction and lack of team work understand it truly rolls down. All the way down to the janitoral staff.","Loss Mitigation Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 18, 2012","3.0"
"Company closed","Company closed down branch. But a good company to work for. Flexible hours.","Senior Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","November 18, 2012","3.0"
"Productive and fun work place its almost like a family","A typical day at work is fast pace and fun for the most part, I've learned different techniques in the banking industry, I have yet to proceed to the management level still preparing for that with help from this bank, my co workers are very team oriented and fun to work with, I would say the hardest part of my job is leaving at the end of the night when the work is complete, I enjoy everything about my job.","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 17, 2012","3.0"
"Loved working with the public as well as co- workers. I learned a lot .","My day would start by opening the safe receiving the night drop and setting up my station for the day. The hardest part of my job became the easiest, and that was dealing with the public face to face. The key was and still is , is to listen and have patience.I enjoyed this job because my co- workers and a lot of the customers became a family. During the holidays we exchanged gifts (within reason) and food and we had a good time.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 15, 2012","5.0"
"Good Company","They were a great company to work for. They where always good to their employees. They had a great co-workers.","Skip Tracer","Former Employee","Brecksville,ohio","November 15, 2012","5.0"
"Excellent Company","Collections, receivables, repos, collection reports, development meetings, legal process on accounts considered not collectable.","Senior Account Representative","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 15, 2012","4.0"
"Multi-tasking is very important because your involved in every aspect of banking.","As a in-store sales consultant you are a teller, financial consultant, and a mortgage adviser. Work environment being in-store is very hectic and the turnover is high with employees.","In-Store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Oxon Hill, MD","November 15, 2012","3.0"
"a lot of jobs were lost and the people who were left behind had double the work","Very stressful, I learned a lot about Real Estate Services but my forte was being an Executive assistant. The Senior Exec.retired so they did away with my position so I moved on with my career.","Facilities Manager","Former Employee","Southgate, MI","November 15, 2012","3.0"
"Caring management","-Providing excellent customer service skills to each this bank customer.- Reaching out to prospective clients and building a strong customer base.- Help clients with financial planning decisions for retirement, education, day-to-day expenses and investments.-Work with companies or individuals to plan for their financial futures by offering information and guidance on topics that include taxes, and investments.- Adhering to bank and regulatory policies and procedures is critical to providing high quality service to the card services clients and your business partners.- Assure the accuracy of financial transactions by reviewing account reports and verifying the data.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh,PA","November 14, 2012","4.0"
"Structured and on a time frame for funding activity.","Get the reports printed in timely manner and obtain approval for overdrafts by deadline.","Supervisor of Overdraft Desk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2012","4.0"
"Productive place, advancement oppuntunities","Sitting at a computer and keying in teller- customer transactions.Management is understandable to personal and professional needs.Diversity of co workers","Check Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2012","5.0"
"Banking environment","Typical work day was board meetings, typing memos and doing anything administrative. Management was forever changing.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","November 14, 2012","3.0"
"Poor Employee Relations","I was harrassed everyday by new manager. I received three stellar performance reviews from my previous manager. My new manager had a problem I was gay. All of a sudden I became a poor performer. I wasn't going to get a pay raise and when I asked a colleague for more information about a position in her group, he got wind and slandered me. I told employee relations of all the issues I had with him, but they did absolutely nothing. In fact, they continued to support write-ups for poor performance.I was forced out of this job, having been told he would continue the daily harrassment and punishments unless I quit. I uprooted my life in Florida to move to cold, cloudy Pittburgh for three-plus years. What a waste.","Internal Communications","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 13, 2012","1.0"
"Over 15 yrs, first as bank N Bank, then as this bank i cultivated a loyal customer and co-worker based enviroment.","My day typically began by opening the branch, setting up daily cash buys, loading the Atm and customer night depository transactions. While operating a teller window I also pulled reports checked audit items and supervised the teller line. As supervisor, i never asked my tellers to do a task that I wouldn't do, building a mutual respect. The hardest part of my job was leaving at the end of the day and the most enjoyable was arriving each morning. I truly enjoyed my job.","TELLER SUPERVISER","Former Employee","Olmsted Falls, OH","November 13, 2012","4.0"
"Rewarding, customer service based.","I was rewarded by the relationship I built with my customers. I had been at the same location for many years and I knew my customers on a level in which they had built trust in my opinions. Many would wait until I was available and I learned a great deal about them. I focused a lot on learning a great deal about our products and services in order to do things right for my customer the first time. The hardest part of my job was referrals. Most of our customers were repeat customers, in the branch more than twice per week, they had everything that they needed. I enjoyed my team and we worked well together to accomplish daily task. My manager had a lot of experience and when she had the time to focus, I learned a lot from her. Many things that I learned I took personal responsibility for, and helped my team stay updated on new procedures and policies that I had noticed. It was difficult to be promoted within the company due to large turnover on the teller line and lack of support from manager and supervisor.","Senior Teller","Former Employee","Hartville, OH","November 12, 2012","4.0"
"Unfair Layoff","Poor Employee relations...and poor treatment of Individual employee by Managers","Bank Customer Service","Former Employee","Frederick,MD","November 5, 2012","1.0"
"Average place to work","I enjoyed my time there, but I wanted to focus solely on the investment side of the business and that opportunity was not there at this bank.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Solon, OH","November 5, 2012","3.0"
"Nice place to work were other peoples opinions are accepted"," this bank is an excellent place to work and they provide with you the tools to be successful and advance in the company","Underwriting Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 3, 2012","5.0"
"I had worked for this bank and its predecessors for 39 yrs and was let go for following a policy with Natl City in 2006 that is no longer accepted with this bank","I truly enjoyed my job and I planned to retire from this bank when the time came. I supported two Regional Managers while supporting 30 banking offices in order to obtain goals and maintain proper staff. I prepared and collected numerous reports, completed all human resource functions, followed-up on all training for every employee in the 30 branches and supported staffing issues. I learned much about the banking industry and the changes over the last 39 years. I always enjoyed my co-workers because I felt like I was helping each branch achieve goals and that was the most enjoyable part of my job. The hardest part was always having time to get everything completed in an 8 hour day. I have always been one to want everything completed before going home and some days that was not possible.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Newark, OH","November 1, 2012","1.0"
"Not Good to work for if you want a life outside of work","Upper management does not care about its people or their work life balance ...its all work and no life.. lots of misrepresentation in the interview process your told one thing by recruiter and then once you accept the postion things are not the way they were told to you ..I was a branch manager i choose to leave because of poor treatment from my regional she was clearly not qualified to have the postion she held and has no people skills whatsoever and a complete lack of respect for her direct reports time and skills HR needs to seriously review what is going on there","Branch manager AVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia","October 31, 2012","1.0"
"This place is the absolute worst job ever!","over 120 mortgage files for one processor, you can only close 30-40 tops per month, They never close purchases in time don't pay overtime.","Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove il","October 31, 2012","1.0"
"pproductve place and a place to at","productive training classes to get u ready for the job and knowledgeable people to count on at anytime.","Banker","Former Employee","Lorton, VA","October 30, 2012","5.0"
"I fee that this bank can do some improvment to make the employess enjoy there job","On a typical day it was very busy,by the end of the day i could end up taking 800-1,000 calls. I did learn a lot abt the products they had and what to ed cust and waht products what fit there banking needs. There were time when we had to switch teams but during the time we did work together we worked well together by encourageing one another waht goals was needed to be met to get their bounus for that quarter.the hardest was cust that was able to be helped at that initial call and had to be transfered to a sup, reaching goal for th bonus and employee appreciation day was enjoyable","Retention Support Specialist","Former Employee","usx building pittsburgh","October 30, 2012","4.0"
"Close group of people willing to share knowledge so all can advance and support out clients in an effective manor","I have learned that without working together we can not satisfy a clients request. We teach each other new things that we learn everyday. Work with clients to make sure that they have the best services to fit their comapnies needs. Work with collegues in the field to assist with documentation and satsifying the client. I enjoy working with the clients and building that bond with them thaty I can get it done for them and make their work life easier.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 28, 2012","3.0"
"Stressful place to work","Training did not match actual job experience. Management more concerned about earning their incentives and if you did anything to threaten that you were constantly criticized. One worker was actually hostile. Hardest part of job was no help in getting orientating to the office. The only enjoyable part of this job was interaction with the customers.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","KENTUCKY","October 26, 2012","1.0"
"new everyday","Assess each client's unique financial position, risk tolerance, resources and objectives. Council clients regarding specific retirement, college or estate planning issues.","Senior Investment Consultant","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","October 26, 2012","5.0"
"Banking is Banking","Great place to work. It was a good environment and management was helpful. I left to make more money.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","West Paterson, NJ","October 25, 2012","5.0"
"Great People","My coworkers are great. I really learned how to deliver great custonmer service!","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Mt. Laurel","October 24, 2012","5.0"
"Loved working there","Worked in various positions, respected the management, enjoyed working with my co-workers, the most enjoyable part was getting to work with many different people in many different areas of the bank.","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","October 24, 2012","5.0"
"High integrity company with best in class Banking","Workplace Banking Program offers the best consumer banking products anywhere.","Workplace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Missouri Downstate Illinois Market","October 23, 2012","5.0"
"awesome company to work for"," this bank required all employees to focus on their customerrealtionships. this bank provided me the tools to be successfulin providing exceptional customer service","Teller Services Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 23, 2012","5.0"
"Productive and Rewarding.","Very busy with a very large number of customers, I learned theimportance of an excellent customer service, as a Teller SupervisorI had to be aware of customer's needs. Managing Cash is oneof the most delicate tasks and what that implies. The power needsof customers is the most satisfactory part of that work.","Supervise Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","October 22, 2012","3.0"
"Mult-tasker, data entry, and overlooking work load.","Enjoy going to work everyday which each day is different. Making sure all customer accounts deadlines are met. I filled in whenever we were short handed besides doing my supervisor duties.","Team Lead","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 22, 2012","4.0"
" this bank","A typical day at work starts before 8 and can end late depending upon the time of year. Management is helpful and wants to see the younger folks succeed and advance. The hardest part of the job is the learning curve. The most enjoyable part of the job is the coworkers. There are great people at this bank!"," this bank Real Estate","Current Employee","Kentucky","October 20, 2012","4.0"
"Monatary Incentatives","A typical day at work, filing work, making new loans, data entry, destroying old loans.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 19, 2012","3.0"
"stressful"," this bank as a whole may have been a good place to work but my branch had a lot of moral issues I did not agree with.","line teller","Former Employee","Waterford, PA","October 18, 2012","1.0"
"A very professional atmosphere geared toward great customer service","A typical day at this bank included processing various transactions for customers. Performing account maintenance and resolving customer issues is a huge part of delivering great customer service for myself and my former coworkers. Management worked well with the tellers and supervision and guidance was always available. The hardest part of the job was the low staffing we were allocated which made it difficult to deliver fast customer service for the clients. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with the customers and making banking easy for them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Independence, OH","October 18, 2012","5.0"
"Customer Friendy Environment"," this bank was a good job for me that taught me the skills of cash management. I worked with a lot of great employees that really taught me a lot. I enjoyed working with the business customers I served they were like family. They always told me their joys and sorrows and showed great respect.","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","October 18, 2012","3.0"
"Mostly Fun workplace","Typical day I work from home. I may instant message some of my friends good morning and begin chatting with customers.","Online Chat Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 17, 2012","3.0"
"instore","in store positionfor the out going personmost enjoyable day to day with customers","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","falmouth va","October 15, 2012","5.0"
"Great place to grow not only on a career level but also personal"," this bank is a great bank to work for, I personally learned a lot from my coworkers and my managers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","October 12, 2012","5.0"
"Started as St. Francis Bank and in 5 years I learned 4 new computer systems.","Mid-America Bank bought St. Francis Bank, bank N Bank Purchased Mid-America Bank then this bank acquired bank N Bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Thiensville, WI","October 12, 2012","3.0"
"great company","i loved working for this bank they are a great company with awesome employees. the managers tend to sheild the bad employees from consequences.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","Norwalk, OH","October 11, 2012","5.0"
"Busy, with great customers and co workers","Day consisted of supervising a teller staff of sevenscheduling for employee engagement as well as proper staffingcompliance, audit and teller errorscustomer problem resolutionsales and coachingmaintaining and ordering branch cash","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","Lakewood, OH","October 9, 2012","4.0"
"Multi-layered tax department with specialization of duties within department.","started early and ended when the work was complete and the deadlines were met.","VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2012","3.0"
"Good experience","I loved that job over all.I enjoyed helping customers.Eager to learn new things every day.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","October 8, 2012","5.0"
" this bank does not value the experience and knowledge of long term employees."," this bank has a history of terminating long term employees and replacing them with less experienced, younger talent which does not cost them as much for benefits and salary. The company cares more about its bottom line than employees. Management does not live up to the values that they preach.","Human Resource","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 8, 2012","1.0"
"Loved the people I worked with over the 20yrs I worked there.","Had the best co workers every! The hardest part of my job was trying to stay above water when the economy went bad.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Libertyville,IL 60048","October 5, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, solution based environment, with varying responsibilities and expectations","Productive, solution based environment, with varying responsibilities and expectations","Metrics Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2012","4.0"
"A Company with a Great Vision","I love my job, truly and seriously. If I didn't need more money and feel like I was being overlooked for advancement opportunities, I would stay there forever. There are not many banks that people can say they are PROUD to work for, yet I am PROUD to work for this bank. I believe in the services and products we provide clients, I believe in the service model, and I believe in my co-workers. Unfortunately, being constantly under-staffed and not receiving a raise despite performing well in 2+ years in my position, I am simply ready to find advancement that doesn't seem to be possible at this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","NC","October 3, 2012","4.0"
"Great for the Independent","When things were running smoothly, work was a breeze.Working the mailroom machine was no problem at all.If a problem arose that I could not handle, my supervisor was close by and we had a mechanic in the room behind us. Certain weeks were predictably more trouble some than others. On the easy weeks, we got off early.","Mail Room Machine Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 2, 2012","4.0"
"Nothing Sticks","The company is a revolving door. Employees in the retail segment are treated poorly though the customers are treated very well. Management does not address problems and there is very little recourse for management error unless a sales goal is not attained.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Towson, MD","October 2, 2012","2.0"
"Good Experience","The call center - it honestly was a great place to work - lots of fun with co-workers and a lot of team work. I use the training about owning a problem all the time. I wish more companies cared about their employees half as much.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 1, 2012","5.0"
"Productive and supportive work enviroment.","It is typically an 8:30am to 5:30pm workday. Fridays are until 6 and there are occaisional Saturdays. We are a small office so cooperation and team work are vital. The most difficult part of the job is currently the hours/commute. Traffic is getting worse. My favorite part is when I can help a customer. It could be doing transactions, giving them options, or just listening to thier day.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Alpharetta GA","September 30, 2012","4.0"
"You will be very unhappy!","Very difficult company to work for. Micro-managing is rampant, pay is VERY low compared to competitors. Management lacks respect. I can't stress enough how miserable current employees are in my region.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 30, 2012","1.0"
"Overall 3 rating","-Benefits : are great I can say that but could be better.. I would say that is probably one of the best things about the job.-Culture/ Vaules : it's okay they are all about customer service. That is the nor what most customer interaction jobs.-Job Security/ Advancement : very bad, very bad... You can walk in everyday and just making one mistake can be the descision of your job. I remember walking into work and getting told everyday how you can lose your job. Growth opportunity was very weak.. All I can do is laugh about advancement and the first word that comes to mind is ***Cheap. You hear about the bank making billions, but when it comes to job opportunity there is no agreement. If anything they will try to pay the same pay rate but with more hours and say at least you have benefits. Then smile on in your face.-Management : I believe this category can be different in any company. In my example my teller supervisor was great. However, the branch manager was just .... BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD. Not only did my manager didn't care about us she will talk trash behind our backs. What made my moment bad when I was told that I should be happy to even have a job because people with more education and experience will die for my job. People will die for 15k a year.-Work / Life Balance : working wasn't the problem I did my job very well. If anything I was trusted to do things a supervisor will do. Life balance was not good. Work schedule is base on work requirements and needs. So why when I try to continue my education and I ask for mornings and the other part timer wanted afternoons - more...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","September 29, 2012","3.0"
"I don't care for the company's policies which affect consumers.","Hard to be fair because our company was bought by this bank and within a year over a thousand of us were let go.","Technology Analyst III","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 27, 2012","2.0"
"Depending on the branch, nice place to work","Can be an easy place to get promoted in. You tend to learn a lot on the job as opposed to web training or conventional training. Branch management is very good, but above that it gets iffy. Hardest part is the customers, and on top of that, customer service surveys that you have to deal with every week(and having it tied to your pay). Most enjoyable part of the job is the people(some customers but mostly co-workers)","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","September 26, 2012","5.0"
"Ups and Downs","Good but not great. Lack of direction at management level and lack of growth encouraged.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 25, 2012","4.0"
" this bank is a great and exciting place to work.","The location that I work at is a warm, friendly, family oriented environment.","Teller Banker II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 24, 2012","4.0"
"Was a great place to work before bank N Conversion","Have seen all of the values and culture of this company change in a negative way since the Conversion of bank N. this bank bought bank N because they were failing as a company. Since the conversion I have experience the control struggle between this bank and bank N employees. The former NCC employees are winning in the battle, turning a fabulous company into the same company NCC use to be. Sad day for this bank.No back office support at all anymore. Only accusations of misconduct by Legacy this bank employees not wanting to go against polices and procedures that were put in place before the conversion.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","September 21, 2012","2.0"
"Great","It was queit interesting. The managers had favorites that could do no wrong, but as a whole its a goo company to work for.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 18, 2012","3.0"
" this bank","A typical day at work was doing standard transactions such as cashing checks, withdrawals, deposits, payments and checking balancing. We also would transfer funds. I personally handled a lot of our hardware malfunctions and called in problems or fixed them when I could. Co-workers got along just fine. The hardest part of the job was dealing with customers yelling at us. The most enjoyable is when we got to be friends with some of our customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","September 17, 2012","3.0"
"Proactive employer in the banking arena"," this bank strives hard to maintain and improve controls. It is constantly growing through strategic integration with existing banks and review of current banking locations.","Manager of PMFA and Real Estate Taxes","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2012","4.0"
"Long repetitive work day","The hours were long the management style was micro-management, and the work was repetitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2012","5.0"
"Tactfully performed finacial functions also addressed customers inquiries.","- cashed checks, withdrawls, deposits, maintained proper cash limits- performed clerical responsibilities- co-workers were friendly and helpful- provided outstanding customer service- the hardest enjoyable part is satisfing customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 14, 2012","2.0"
"Nice place to work","Nice experience overall. Came here in march 2011 and enjoyed to be a part of this project.","Senior Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 13, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and good company to work.","The this bank mission is Ease, Achievement, and Confidence. Generally, people are friendly and helpful. We're in an environment that empowers us to grow both personally and professionally.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Dulles, VA","September 11, 2012","5.0"
"it had its days","There are some good things i can say that i really liked about working for this bank but I'd rather keep my experience working for them to myself.","Teller/Teller Supervisor Back-up","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2012","4.0"
"great place","One of the best jobs i have ever had and t was an excellent place to worki","Collections and Loss mitigation representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2012","5.0"
"Easy going place to work.","A typical night is productive and very busy at times. I am crossed trained in various departments within the operations department and can run the Itran area without supervision. Majority of my co-workers are team players. My job is easy, if I have to add a hard part I guess it would be reading some of the hand writing on the checks.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 7, 2012","5.0"
"Strong company with strong values","This bank was great, I loved working with them as much I loved banking with them. They value the employees as much as the customers and are a true pleasure.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","September 7, 2012","5.0"
"Clear line between Management / employee","Plenty of managers, very few leaders. Most development is now outsourced to less than qualified vendors. The ability to build and fix is hindered by processes that do not make sense.On the positive side, the schedules are flexible and benefits seem better than most.","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2012","3.0"
"It was a good place to learn basic customer service skills.","It as a great place to get your foot in the door for basic customer service skills.","Business Banking Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 6, 2012","4.0"
"Low stress level and well balanced place to work. Senior managers demonstrated concern for employees whose positions were being eliminated.","Most of my responsibilities for overall management of outside law firms, work-outs and direct contact with loan officers and senior managers of diverse business units were immediately restricted when this bank acquired RBC Bank. I was assigned to assist in the transition of one business unit and its ultimate liquidation, and quickly relegated to handling a small task that I had previously delegated to other paralegals and support staff.My direct manager was thoughtful and genuinely concerned with assuring an orderly transition of my responsibilities to other lawyers in his team and the orderly wind-down of my personal involvement. My co-workers in the law department were great resources and helped me integrate into their culture.The most difficult part of the job was participating in the liquidation of a business unit where I had worked for 14 years, and the elimination of the jobs for more than 100 of my former co-workers. Also, it was difficult to tell co-workers to refer their questions to others who had assumed my roles when I otherwise would have been capable of immediately answering their questions. Maintaining a positive attitude while under a 6-month transition period was more that difficult, and without the support of the this bank transition team responsible for the orderly liquidation of the business unit, would have been impossible. this bank is very structured and fractured in its management and business operations, which leads to significant levels of dysfunction, confusion, and lack of accountability. There is a high level of employees feeling responsible for significant matters, - more...","Senior Counsel","Former Employee","Houston, TX","September 5, 2012","5.0"
"Great work enviorment","A typical day at this bank consist of finding financial solutions for our clients. I've learned what cues and clues to look for when engaging in conversations with clients so I can direct them to the right associate. I have great relationships with my coworkers and management. Not being able to accommodate all a clients needs is one of the hardest parts of the job. The most enjoyable part of working for this bank is getting to know our customers","Bank Teller","Current Employee","JERSEY CITY, NJ","September 5, 2012","3.0"
"Good starting out job","Overall the job is good. The pay is excellent for part-time. This job relies heavily on everyone doing their part because team work is the heart of the bank. The job is the same every day. You do the exact thing over and over, with very little variety. There are chances to be promoted and it's encouraged to seek out those opportunities. The downside is the heavy reliance on teamwork. In order to do your job the very best everyone else must do their jobs their very best. If someone isn't there or isn't performing as a team member you all suffer. Even with the monthly performance reviews it's difficult to understand what the expectations are and how you are measuring up. Sometimes it seems like the rules change from day to day. While working here I have learned a lot about personal responsibility and ownership of my job. I have also learned to just let things 'roll off.' This job is simple enough, but has a lot of procedure and rules. You have to be patient with yourself as you learn all the rules, regulations and procedures. The most enjoyable part of this job is getting off around 6 most days and not working Sundays. Overall this is a good job.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 5, 2012","3.0"
"Excellent learning opportunity","I was responsible for creating spreadsheets containing different types of data as well as helping to organize networking events for a training program. I worked with one other intern on some projects and we worked well together. I had a decent manager who for the most part always had a set schedule for me to follow. At this internship I learned how to work in an office setting, mostly dealing with learning to work under a manager, meeting deadlines for projects, etc.","Human Resources Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2012","5.0"
"Not a bad company","If you work for instore, you are a sales person. You are required to get customers in the aisle and try to get them to switch to this bank, you are required to spend two to four hours a day in the aisle. All your interactions can be surveyed by Gallup and you must receive a 4.8 and up. Go into the position knowing that you are a sales person not a teller, etc.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","September 1, 2012","3.0"
"Great company","Banking in wealth management department. Enjoyed the diversity of job task/multi task. Kept me busy","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 31, 2012","5.0"
"Bank Going Downhill","Management reserves the right to encourage by threat. Very distrustful place to work. Constantly have to watch your back. Started its decline in 2008 when two banks came together. Market Management does not understand this bank Culture and creates friction. Operational manager looks to find problems. Local Sales Manager feels threat are the only way to go. Branch personal were great to work with, unfortunately this bank Values like Integrity, Teamwork, Work Life Balance were non existent.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Erie PA","August 30, 2012","1.0"
"Productive and advancement","Ongoing learning experience about the banking business and able to advance in the business. Able to work different shifts","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2012","5.0"
"A Honest Review","If you are able to maintain hours of repetitive movement and work, employment at a this bank Lockbox is a move in the right direction for you. There are different parts of the working body that makes a lockbox function successfully and they all require a steady and concentrated mindset. This job is volume driven meaning that, the more you do, the better it is. However, you are penalized by your errors in terms of monetary value. This position is very detail orientated, which means every detail counts and every mistake hurts.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","August 29, 2012","4.0"
"Unpredictable and Unsteady","This was a contract position that was intended to be 40 hrs/wk. Over the course of the 18 months it actually lasted it averaged to around 26 hours/week. Compu-Com (the prime contractor, Insight Global was secondary) was unable to create a steady supply of new equipment to the technicians keep them steadily busy. Some weeks had no work at all others were full. No benefits, paid time off, or anything else. Enjoyed the end users I worked with and the this bank support staff was mostly very helpful. Flexibility is the key here.","PC Refresh Technician","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","August 28, 2012","3.0"
"Okay place to work","Easy to learn but management makes it difficult to advance.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 28, 2012","3.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for with an emphasis on customer relations.","I believe this bank is a good company who emphasizes on pleasing their customers.","TELLER","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","August 27, 2012","3.0"
"Easy fun job","Hours are amazing and are more flexiable than standard retail hours.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Berwyn, IL","August 27, 2012","4.0"
"excellent company to work for","great company to be employed with has a lot of room for growthhas exceptional customer services","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Laurel, MD","August 26, 2012","5.0"
"This wasn't just a job, it was an extended family to me...not only towards my co workers but it extended to my clients as well.","Working at my branch had nothing to do about a paycheck. If you ask my former supervisor she will tell you just how much I loved my job.","Teller","Former Employee","Wellington, FL","August 26, 2012","5.0"
" this bank taught me everything I know","Recent graduate from High School at the time. I negotiated with this bank HR Director and I stated if she gave me the opportunity for a full-time position. I will volunteer my time to go on career day to high schools of her choice. That moment she was only offering part time employment. She gave me the opportunity and I fulfilled my promise. I learned from my supervisor an acted on her behalf when she would go on vacation. I liked the fact that the department loved my ideas to organize our different tasks. Very productive and I loved every bit. The hardest part was resigning the schedule clashed with my school, there was no way to adjust my work schedule.","Assist management","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 25, 2012","5.0"
"Fun place to work and challeges","Typical workday would include various task assigned to my postition and other positions.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, Great Learning Experience","Assisted customers with day to day transactionsI learned how to interact face to face with customers in a very professional manner to ensure a proper resolution to any issue they might have hadI enjoyed working with all my co-workersThe hardest part of the job was working with a skeleton crew and trying to get everything done while doing everyday activitiesThe most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with customers and building relationships with them on a personal level and helping customers resolve their problems","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Holland, OH","August 24, 2012","3.0"
"Worst job experience","Worst experience at a job ever, very rude and most helpful employees... No team work... Absolute nightmare","Customer Service Reprensative","Former Employee","Carlstadt, NJ","August 24, 2012","1.0"
" this bank mtg","Good upper management but lack of career development opprotunities and very difficult to progress.","Admin","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2012","3.0"
"It was Fun working their, No pressure, well motivated by the management.","• Involved in design and development of PFR reporting process.• Created PFREWORK universe to cater reporting objects.• Created highly formatted reports to visually represent data.• Created Reports using all the BO functions like Drill Down, Prompts, Dimensional and Measure variables to show accurate Results.• Implemented Cordiality settings, Joins, Conditions and Global Filters in Universe.• Worked in Aliases and Contexts to resolve looping problems and used Derived tables methods.• Used Breaks and Sections in Webi reports; and used different graphical charts and bars.• Scheduled Webi reports on daily basis and exported them in Excel/PDF format.• Implemented SQL/PLSQL programs/Stored procedures/Views to test ad hoc reports.• Created Dashboard Templates with Visualization for different group's usage for their Best Practices.","Business Objects Developer","Former Employee","NY","August 22, 2012","4.0"
"Bank Teller - Large responsibilities managing money","It was very interesting to learn how banks work and make sure all money is accounted for and in the right place.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2012","4.0"
"Fast paced team work.","I have worked for this bank less than a year. The position is only part time. I am not able to take advantage of all the benefits this bank has to offer due to me being only part time.I have learned a lot in the short time and I enjoy the people I work with. The work we do at the ATM Processing Center is very important and I am proud to be part of it. I have several duties during the week and I enjoy all of them. I just wish I had more hours. I support myself and it is very difficult in todays economy to make ends meet on a part time job.","Bank Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 22, 2012","5.0"
"Productive encouraging environment.","A typical day at work consists of assisting customers with their day to day financial goals and needs. Ordering supplies for the branch, building relationships with business clients as well as creating a business partnership with them. Working directly with our commercial banking officers to create more opportunity for the customers as well as our branch. Setting up onsite meetings and events. Working with loss prevention and the back office to minimize banking errors as well as fraud prevention. Creating flyers for upcoming branch events. Training new hires (not only for my location).The best part of my job is that I can build relationships with business as well as their employees to create a partnership. I was able to learn and grow on my own because of all the information that is readily available to all of the employees.We work as a team. My main objective is to assist my coworkers with policy and procedures, branch operations, prospecting new clients, making monthly goal contests to boost productivity, working with excel, lotus notes and microsoft word to help keep all the employees engaged at all times. Organizing and maintaining daily branch appearance. Daily closing/opening procedures. Cash balancing. The ability to be able to assist and be capable of helping out all aspects of the day to day bank operations.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 21, 2012","4.0"
"Competitive and results oriented","Advise current book clients regularly on important financial decisions that affect the overall success of there business. Manage overall risk for the bank when providing solutions to clients. Provide lending, deposit, and treasury management solutions. Experience developer and leader of people.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Akron/Canton OH","August 21, 2012","5.0"
"Fast pace work environment where superb employees are valued for their contributions","The branch I managed was moderately busy. The typical day began with me checking my e-mail and reviewing my 'must do' list. On days that I opened the branch, I arrived at 8:30 AM, and opened the doors for business at 8:55AM (our market manager urged that we try to open the branch 5 minutes early). As a Financial Sales Consultant III, I was responsible for achieving and surpassing company issued sales goals through direct sales, cold-calling, and establishing off-site opportunities. In addition to the sales aspect of my position, I also had an active role in managing the branch. The management aspect of my job included: training and developing our tellers and CSA, assisting the branch manager in establishing our annual budget, handling escalated issues, and loss avoidance.My branch was located in the Anacostia neighborhood located in South East Washington, DC. There was a good mix of government employees and locals. One thing I learned is that residents of lower to moderate income level neighborhoods do not expect much from the professionals that work in their neighborhoods. In the beginning of my career at King Avenue, many people were skeptical of my intentions, particularly the amount of time I planned to remain at that branch. Many of the previous managers tenure lasted less than six months. Many of my clients also expressed how they experienced a higher level of customer service at branches in north west compared to south east. I was never the type to show preferential treatment to a group based on their income level. I assured clients that they will experience the same - more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 21, 2012","4.0"
"productive place to work","post payments to customer accounts. The jjob was not hard, there was no room for growth .","Extractor","Former Employee","College Park, GA","August 21, 2012","3.0"
"Great place to begin your banking career and gain experience.","Market banking products and services to small-medium size business. Managed and service existing clients but spend most of my day cold calling. New household and retention is key at this company. Senior Management has recently changed and the culture is changing at this company.","Commerical Business Sales Representative II","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 17, 2012","5.0"
"Great place to work","*7 hour days*learned about the banking world*great management*coworkers are good people*Hardest part is nasty customers*enjoyable part is it's an easy job that pays the bills","Customer Service","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","August 16, 2012","5.0"
"Productive fun coworkers","I open accounts, complete loans and credit card applications, sales, make call, assist with customers problems, problem solve, work on the teller line, cash and deposit checks, make payments, and several other duties.I learn something new everyday, and enjoy my coworker. The hardest part of my job is the sales part, and the most enjoyable is making my customers happy!","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Pataskala, OH","August 15, 2012","4.0"
"A fun and active place to work.","Great management. Chances to move up. Flexible schedule. Hardest part of the job was to meet account goals, but it is manageable.","Operational Manager","Current Employee","Manassas Park, VA","August 15, 2012","5.0"
"Boring","• Coordinate with branch staff by providing support in opening accounts, processing loan applications, and cross selling products• Market new services and promotions to present to customers as well as obtain new customers• Provide award winning customer service and maintain member satisfaction• Employ security measures and system controls to ensure funds are not compromised• Maintain operational transactions and customer information in the electronic database","Customer Sales Associate Banker","Former Employee","North Aurora, IL","August 14, 2012","3.0"
"Fast paced , challenging , deadline oriented","Hardest part of the job is the repetitive stuff-It is not really hard but frustrating having to constantly re-educate service partners on bank procedures and policies","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2012","5.0"
"Disappointed","I had heard so many great things about this bank that when I was hired on I was excited to go work for them. It has been a nightmare from day one. The training was a disaster. this bank has recently acquired another bank and the trainer was a part of the former and barely knew the systems that were being oresented in class! I get to the branch after a week and a half of 'I'm not sure how this bank does this your branch can probably tell you' and it got even worse. The other tellers have been rude and constantly complain that the bank is difficult and not as wonderful as the previous...the customers are all confused about the products and what happened to the previous bank. A typical day here? In a single word: frustrating.","Teller","Former Employee","Somewhere, NC","August 13, 2012","1.0"
"Productive and fun environment","I loved this job. The pay was great. There was always room for growth. my co-workers were very social and friendly.","Data Entry","Former Employee","College Park, GA","August 12, 2012","4.0"
"I am a very efficient and productive worker.","A typical day at this bank? Honestly there isn't one. Each loan package we process is different. There is always something that may need research a bit further before the loan can be set up.At Kohl's every day is different as well. Working retail is so different than my position at the bank.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2012","5.0"
"20 Years of Experience in the Banking Industry","I have worked for this bank "Formerly bank N Bank) for the last 20 years primary in the Loss Prevention Operation areas. Recently our department got notice that are jobs will be relocated as result of this bank recent restructuring and elimination of 23 positions, including mine, I am exploring new opportunities.","Operations Senior Fraud Analyst","Current Employee","Indianapolis Indiana","August 11, 2012","5.0"
"Review","I've been able to work with some really interesting people. working with this bank has greatly influenced me in a lot of ways professionally and personally. I have built a friendly environment with my co-workers and have enjoyed my stay with the bank. They said that the most important things in your job is loving what you do and having fun while doing it. I have loved and have enjoyed my job and in fact I continually improve myself for me to effectively perform my work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dulles, VA","August 10, 2012","5.0"
" this bank","great employer as far as work life balance but the pay is not that good.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","United States","August 9, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyable","Enjoyed everyone that I worked with. Safe work environment.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","United States","August 8, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyed learning a new skill.","Fast-paced and busy. I learned how to use a ten-key encorder machine for the first time. It was exciting. Management was fair and patient with new employee. Co-workers showed a willingness to help when it was allowed. The hardest part was sitting around at times waiting for the next batch of work to arrive. The most enjoyable part was when all the work was finished before it was expected to be completed.","Check Encorder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 7, 2012","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I love working for this bank. Great people and great work place all the way around.","Loan Disbursement Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","August 7, 2012","5.0"
" this bank is a wonderful company. The general culture supports growth and education.","A typical day at this bank involves being prepared for anything. For example, as a manager, I am directly involved in solving and resolving customer and employee issues, prospecting new business opportunities, risk management, employee engagement, and many other challenges.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Erie, Pa","August 6, 2012","5.0"
" this bank values its employees","Best company that I have ever worked for. This company recognizes talent and helps you to excel in your area of expertise. The company has the best training program and once your done with training you leave knowing exactly how to perform your job with confidence. Its big in the community.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","August 6, 2012","5.0"
"Review","Handling 15 - 20 calls from clients a day. Provided Phone, Remote and Deskside support.I gained knowledge with Credant encryption and Cisco VPN software.Also gained additional knowledge with Office 2003 and 2007 and Windows XP, Lotus Notes and remote software.Management was very receptive to ideas and questions.Excellent co-workers. Very relaxed environment. Provided valuable knowledge.Trying to assist clients over the phone could be frustrating.Being able to solve client hardware and software problems.","Desktop Support","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 6, 2012","5.0"
"Great Company to work for","Typical day is working to value alternative investments for trusts. Learned valuable investment objectives that are used by investment officers to manage trust goals.Work with a very experienced team with challenges everyday in accounting, finance, and personal investments. Enjoy the ability to help the process improve.","Special Assets Investment Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 5, 2012","4.0"
"Review"," this bank bought RBC, my position was displaced, they would be a good company to work for.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","August 4, 2012","4.0"
"The company itself has great standards","I was hired as a LFSC which is just a fancy way of saying a licensed personal banker. My time was supposed to be 60% retail banking and 20% investments. My branches assigned Financial Advisor viewed me as his personal secretary/assistant even though he was supposed to be mentoring and grooming me to become a financial advisor. After sitting in four of his appointments I soon realized he had no idea what he was talking about and often made up his background and history in the financial world to set clients at ease. My manager and my Financial Advisor would get into arguments about who was 'truly in charge of me' and it quickly felt like I was a number and not a valued employee. Of course it would of helped if there was a clear definitive job description out there for my position from the bank, there wasn't. The job description was very vague and was left open to interpretation by management. Management was very much the byproduct of a previous acquisition of a prior bank. Some management from TWO acquisitions ago. Bottom line those banks got bought out for a reason and a lot of the prior management lack the customer service and sales balance that the company so rightfully has earned in prior awards and review. The company itself is OUTSTANDING but it's employee base needs to be reviewed and weeded out. All the way through to HR. One representative in particular. The whole branch pretty much turned a teller in for incentive fraud as she was fraudulently getting credit. For referrals. The manager had no backbone (his own self admittance that he would much rather motivate than to - more...","Licensed Finacial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Saint Charles, IL","August 4, 2012","3.0"
"working with this bank is very good.","it's a lot of fun working with clients and respond to their needs, the day at work is not bad at all.","Collateral Loan Analyst","Current Employee","East brunswick NJ","August 2, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work","I had several positions during my time at this bank. I enjoyed working with customers.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2012","3.0"
"This is an ever changing and fast growing company across the country.","While I enjoy working at this bank, the room for growth and advancement within my specific work location is very limited. I enjoy the challenges that my position awards me wich makes it easy to complete my work day effortlessly. As a team, the whole department works together to meet daily deadlines with a friendliness and helpfulness that creates an atmosphere of pride in what we all do. The hardest part of my position is the occasional lack of work to be completed. While I would love to continue my position with this bank, unfortunately, our entire processing site will be phased out in the near future due to new technologies introduced to the bank. As I continue to view other positions with the company, I am also exploring other possible opportunities outside of this bank.","Adjustment Specialist","Current Employee","Linthicum, MD","August 1, 2012","3.0"
"Fun work Enviornment","Large Regional Bank with great exposure and customer experience","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 30, 2012","4.0"
"Take it from me: not as advertised"," this bank may be named 'One of the 100 Best Places to Work' by major ratings and magazines, but ask most fellow employees, at least in Florida, and you will get an argument. This bank runs their Investments business model as a singular, centralized monolith. Florida's demographics and overall investment market creates a much, much different proposition than Pittsburgh, Cleveland, or many of the other major cities up north where this bank is arguably one of the dominant forces. Their managed money model may work well for them with the emerging affluent markets in those cities, but it ignores a huge opportunity with the senior citizens that dominate down in Florida who could care less about anyone charging them a fee to babysit their accumulated assets. Simply put; their model doesn't fit FL - a fact that falls on deaf ears with Senior Management at HQ back in PA, and that's why this bank cannot keep good people but instead keeps turning over their Advisors and their Management Team in the Sunshine State.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","July 29, 2012","2.0"
"Great learning experience","One of the best training programs in the country-- includes 6 weeks of credit training and other 1-week trainings throughout the first two years.","Corporate Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 29, 2012","4.0"
"Mainly production oriented workplace","The analyst and operators are overall great to work with. The managers need to learn not to micro manage and speak to employees. this bank would be a great place to work for if people learn to work together instead of against each other","Compliance Supervisor I","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 26, 2012","3.0"
"It was an ok company to work for.","There was a lot of stress working for this employer because we were under-staffed.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, Pa.","July 26, 2012","3.0"
"Very diverse duties.","A typical day at this job was contact with customers concerning their accts, lost checks, no signatures, no deposit slips, no address or acct number on ATM deposits. I was also responsible for a number of administrative duties, phones, data entry ect.","Customer Service","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","July 26, 2012","4.0"
"Lots of work no recognition","Learned a lot and I was lucky to have a good manager. Mortgage is still growing mud level management is poor. Pay is mediocre","Quality Analyst III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2012","3.0"
"Complete professional environment","Every day is very interesting and challenging, liked it, Learned more skills, specially migrating from 10g to 11g, i had a nice relationship with management, nothing was really hard, few are time taking like bug fixing, but i always stay update, i enjoy working in a team.","Miamisburg Head-Quarters, OH","Current Employee","Miamisburg Head-Quarters, OH","July 25, 2012","5.0"
"Satisfactory work enviroment, training needs to be more consistent.","Meets expectations with concentrated efforts on productivity","Commercial Loan Document Review Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2012","3.0"
"productive organized teamwork environment","answer customer calls, gather documents together for a loan closing, talk to the BDO to see if he has been in contact with other borrowers regarding other deals. Contact borrowers to requests documents, ask fellow co-workers a question possibly. Conference calls, clearing exceptions if needed. Updating pending report. The hardest part of the day could be trying to set a closing date. The most enjoyable part of the day is getting along with all of your co--workers makes the job a real pleasure.","Closing Officer","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","July 24, 2012","5.0"
