6700,"Loved the people I worked with over the 20yrs I worked there.","Had the best co workers every! The hardest part of my job was trying to stay above water when the economy went bad.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Libertyville,IL 60048","October 5, 2012","5.0"
6701,"Productive, solution based environment, with varying responsibilities and expectations","Productive, solution based environment, with varying responsibilities and expectations","Metrics Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2012","4.0"
6702,"A Company with a Great Vision","I love my job, truly and seriously. If I didn't need more money and feel like I was being overlooked for advancement opportunities, I would stay there forever. There are not many banks that people can say they are PROUD to work for, yet I am PROUD to work for this bank. I believe in the services and products we provide clients, I believe in the service model, and I believe in my co-workers. Unfortunately, being constantly under-staffed and not receiving a raise despite performing well in 2+ years in my position, I am simply ready to find advancement that doesn't seem to be possible at this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","NC","October 3, 2012","4.0"
6703,"Great for the Independent","When things were running smoothly, work was a breeze.Working the mailroom machine was no problem at all.If a problem arose that I could not handle, my supervisor was close by and we had a mechanic in the room behind us. Certain weeks were predictably more trouble some than others. On the easy weeks, we got off early.","Mail Room Machine Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 2, 2012","4.0"
6704,"Nothing Sticks","The company is a revolving door. Employees in the retail segment are treated poorly though the customers are treated very well. Management does not address problems and there is very little recourse for management error unless a sales goal is not attained.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Towson, MD","October 2, 2012","2.0"
6705,"Good Experience","The call center - it honestly was a great place to work - lots of fun with co-workers and a lot of team work. I use the training about owning a problem all the time. I wish more companies cared about their employees half as much.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 1, 2012","5.0"
6706,"Productive and supportive work enviroment.","It is typically an 8:30am to 5:30pm workday. Fridays are until 6 and there are occaisional Saturdays. We are a small office so cooperation and team work are vital. The most difficult part of the job is currently the hours/commute. Traffic is getting worse. My favorite part is when I can help a customer. It could be doing transactions, giving them options, or just listening to thier day.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Alpharetta GA","September 30, 2012","4.0"
6707,"You will be very unhappy!","Very difficult company to work for. Micro-managing is rampant, pay is VERY low compared to competitors. Management lacks respect. I can't stress enough how miserable current employees are in my region.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 30, 2012","1.0"
6708,"Overall 3 rating","-Benefits : are great I can say that but could be better.. I would say that is probably one of the best things about the job.-Culture/ Vaules : it's okay they are all about customer service. That is the nor what most customer interaction jobs.-Job Security/ Advancement : very bad, very bad... You can walk in everyday and just making one mistake can be the descision of your job. I remember walking into work and getting told everyday how you can lose your job. Growth opportunity was very weak.. All I can do is laugh about advancement and the first word that comes to mind is ***Cheap. You hear about the bank making billions, but when it comes to job opportunity there is no agreement. If anything they will try to pay the same pay rate but with more hours and say at least you have benefits. Then smile on in your face.-Management : I believe this category can be different in any company. In my example my teller supervisor was great. However, the branch manager was just .... BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD. Not only did my manager didn't care about us she will talk trash behind our backs. What made my moment bad when I was told that I should be happy to even have a job because people with more education and experience will die for my job. People will die for 15k a year.-Work / Life Balance : working wasn't the problem I did my job very well. If anything I was trusted to do things a supervisor will do. Life balance was not good. Work schedule is base on work requirements and needs. So why when I try to continue my education and I ask for mornings and the other part timer wanted afternoons - more...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","September 29, 2012","3.0"
6709,"I don't care for the company's policies which affect consumers.","Hard to be fair because our company was bought by this bank and within a year over a thousand of us were let go.","Technology Analyst III","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 27, 2012","2.0"
6710,"Depending on the branch, nice place to work","Can be an easy place to get promoted in. You tend to learn a lot on the job as opposed to web training or conventional training. Branch management is very good, but above that it gets iffy. Hardest part is the customers, and on top of that, customer service surveys that you have to deal with every week(and having it tied to your pay). Most enjoyable part of the job is the people(some customers but mostly co-workers)","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","September 26, 2012","5.0"
6711,"Ups and Downs","Good but not great. Lack of direction at management level and lack of growth encouraged.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 25, 2012","4.0"
6712,"this bank is a great and exciting place to work.","The location that I work at is a warm, friendly, family oriented environment.","Teller Banker II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 24, 2012","4.0"
6713,"Was a great place to work before bank N Conversion","Have seen all of the values and culture of this company change in a negative way since the Conversion of bank N. this bank bought bank N because they were failing as a company. Since the conversion I have experience the control struggle between this bank and bank N employees. The former NCC employees are winning in the battle, turning a fabulous company into the same company NCC use to be. Sad day for this bank.No back office support at all anymore. Only accusations of misconduct by Legacy this bank employees not wanting to go against polices and procedures that were put in place before the conversion.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","September 21, 2012","2.0"
6714,"Great","It was queit interesting. The managers had favorites that could do no wrong, but as a whole its a goo company to work for.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 18, 2012","3.0"
6715,"this bank","A typical day at work was doing standard transactions such as cashing checks, withdrawals, deposits, payments and checking balancing. We also would transfer funds. I personally handled a lot of our hardware malfunctions and called in problems or fixed them when I could. Co-workers got along just fine. The hardest part of the job was dealing with customers yelling at us. The most enjoyable is when we got to be friends with some of our customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","September 17, 2012","3.0"
6716,"Proactive employer in the banking arena"," this bank strives hard to maintain and improve controls. It is constantly growing through strategic integration with existing banks and review of current banking locations.","Manager of PMFA and Real Estate Taxes","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2012","4.0"
6717,"Long repetitive work day","The hours were long the management style was micro-management, and the work was repetitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2012","5.0"
6718,"Tactfully performed finacial functions also addressed customers inquiries.","- cashed checks, withdrawls, deposits, maintained proper cash limits- performed clerical responsibilities- co-workers were friendly and helpful- provided outstanding customer service- the hardest enjoyable part is satisfing customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 14, 2012","2.0"
6719,"Nice place to work","Nice experience overall. Came here in march 2011 and enjoyed to be a part of this project.","Senior Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 13, 2012","4.0"
6720,"Productive and good company to work.","The this bank mission is Ease, Achievement, and Confidence. Generally, people are friendly and helpful. We're in an environment that empowers us to grow both personally and professionally.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Dulles, VA","September 11, 2012","5.0"
6721,"it had its days","There are some good things i can say that i really liked about working for this bank but I'd rather keep my experience working for them to myself.","Teller/Teller Supervisor Back-up","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2012","4.0"
6722,"great place","One of the best jobs i have ever had and t was an excellent place to worki","Collections and Loss mitigation representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2012","5.0"
6723,"Easy going place to work.","A typical night is productive and very busy at times. I am crossed trained in various departments within the operations department and can run the Itran area without supervision. Majority of my co-workers are team players. My job is easy, if I have to add a hard part I guess it would be reading some of the hand writing on the checks.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 7, 2012","5.0"
6724,"Strong company with strong values","This bank was great, I loved working with them as much I loved banking with them. They value the employees as much as the customers and are a true pleasure.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","September 7, 2012","5.0"
6725,"Clear line between Management / employee","Plenty of managers, very few leaders. Most development is now outsourced to less than qualified vendors. The ability to build and fix is hindered by processes that do not make sense.On the positive side, the schedules are flexible and benefits seem better than most.","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2012","3.0"
6726,"It was a good place to learn basic customer service skills.","It as a great place to get your foot in the door for basic customer service skills.","Business Banking Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 6, 2012","4.0"
6727,"Low stress level and well balanced place to work. Senior managers demonstrated concern for employees whose positions were being eliminated.","Most of my responsibilities for overall management of outside law firms, work-outs and direct contact with loan officers and senior managers of diverse business units were immediately restricted when this bank acquired RBC Bank. I was assigned to assist in the transition of one business unit and its ultimate liquidation, and quickly relegated to handling a small task that I had previously delegated to other paralegals and support staff.My direct manager was thoughtful and genuinely concerned with assuring an orderly transition of my responsibilities to other lawyers in his team and the orderly wind-down of my personal involvement. My co-workers in the law department were great resources and helped me integrate into their culture.The most difficult part of the job was participating in the liquidation of a business unit where I had worked for 14 years, and the elimination of the jobs for more than 100 of my former co-workers. Also, it was difficult to tell co-workers to refer their questions to others who had assumed my roles when I otherwise would have been capable of immediately answering their questions. Maintaining a positive attitude while under a 6-month transition period was more that difficult, and without the support of the this bank transition team responsible for the orderly liquidation of the business unit, would have been impossible. this bank is very structured and fractured in its management and business operations, which leads to significant levels of dysfunction, confusion, and lack of accountability. There is a high level of employees feeling responsible for significant matters, - more...","Senior Counsel","Former Employee","Houston, TX","September 5, 2012","5.0"
6728,"Great work enviorment","A typical day at this bank consist of finding financial solutions for our clients. I've learned what cues and clues to look for when engaging in conversations with clients so I can direct them to the right associate. I have great relationships with my coworkers and management. Not being able to accommodate all a clients needs is one of the hardest parts of the job. The most enjoyable part of working for this bank is getting to know our customers","Bank Teller","Current Employee","JERSEY CITY, NJ","September 5, 2012","3.0"
6729,"Good starting out job","Overall the job is good. The pay is excellent for part-time. This job relies heavily on everyone doing their part because team work is the heart of the bank. The job is the same every day. You do the exact thing over and over, with very little variety. There are chances to be promoted and it's encouraged to seek out those opportunities. The downside is the heavy reliance on teamwork. In order to do your job the very best everyone else must do their jobs their very best. If someone isn't there or isn't performing as a team member you all suffer. Even with the monthly performance reviews it's difficult to understand what the expectations are and how you are measuring up. Sometimes it seems like the rules change from day to day. While working here I have learned a lot about personal responsibility and ownership of my job. I have also learned to just let things 'roll off.' This job is simple enough, but has a lot of procedure and rules. You have to be patient with yourself as you learn all the rules, regulations and procedures. The most enjoyable part of this job is getting off around 6 most days and not working Sundays. Overall this is a good job.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 5, 2012","3.0"
6730,"Excellent learning opportunity","I was responsible for creating spreadsheets containing different types of data as well as helping to organize networking events for a training program. I worked with one other intern on some projects and we worked well together. I had a decent manager who for the most part always had a set schedule for me to follow. At this internship I learned how to work in an office setting, mostly dealing with learning to work under a manager, meeting deadlines for projects, etc.","Human Resources Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2012","5.0"
6731,"Not a bad company","If you work for instore, you are a sales person. You are required to get customers in the aisle and try to get them to switch to this bank, you are required to spend two to four hours a day in the aisle. All your interactions can be surveyed by Gallup and you must receive a 4.8 and up. Go into the position knowing that you are a sales person not a teller, etc.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","September 1, 2012","3.0"
6732,"Great company","Banking in wealth management department. Enjoyed the diversity of job task/multi task. Kept me busy","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 31, 2012","5.0"
6733,"Bank Going Downhill","Management reserves the right to encourage by threat. Very distrustful place to work. Constantly have to watch your back. Started its decline in 2008 when two banks came together. Market Management does not understand this bank Culture and creates friction. Operational manager looks to find problems. Local Sales Manager feels threat are the only way to go. Branch personal were great to work with, unfortunately this bank Values like Integrity, Teamwork, Work Life Balance were non existent.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Erie PA","August 30, 2012","1.0"
6734,"Productive and advancement","Ongoing learning experience about the banking business and able to advance in the business. Able to work different shifts","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2012","5.0"
6735,"A Honest Review","If you are able to maintain hours of repetitive movement and work, employment at a this bank Lockbox is a move in the right direction for you. There are different parts of the working body that makes a lockbox function successfully and they all require a steady and concentrated mindset. This job is volume driven meaning that, the more you do, the better it is. However, you are penalized by your errors in terms of monetary value. This position is very detail orientated, which means every detail counts and every mistake hurts.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","August 29, 2012","4.0"
6736,"Unpredictable and Unsteady","This was a contract position that was intended to be 40 hrs/wk. Over the course of the 18 months it actually lasted it averaged to around 26 hours/week. Compu-Com (the prime contractor, Insight Global was secondary) was unable to create a steady supply of new equipment to the technicians keep them steadily busy. Some weeks had no work at all others were full. No benefits, paid time off, or anything else. Enjoyed the end users I worked with and the this bank support staff was mostly very helpful. Flexibility is the key here.","PC Refresh Technician","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","August 28, 2012","3.0"
6737,"Okay place to work","Easy to learn but management makes it difficult to advance.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 28, 2012","3.0"
6738,"this bank is a great company to work for with an emphasis on customer relations.","I believe this bank is a good company who emphasizes on pleasing their customers.","TELLER","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","August 27, 2012","3.0"
6739,"Easy fun job","Hours are amazing and are more flexiable than standard retail hours.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Berwyn, IL","August 27, 2012","4.0"
6740,"excellent company to work for","great company to be employed with has a lot of room for growthhas exceptional customer services","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Laurel, MD","August 26, 2012","5.0"
6741,"This wasn't just a job, it was an extended family to me...not only towards my co workers but it extended to my clients as well.","Working at my branch had nothing to do about a paycheck. If you ask my former supervisor she will tell you just how much I loved my job.","Teller","Former Employee","Wellington, FL","August 26, 2012","5.0"
6742,"this bank taught me everything I know","Recent graduate from High School at the time. I negotiated with this bank HR Director and I stated if she gave me the opportunity for a full-time position. I will volunteer my time to go on career day to high schools of her choice. That moment she was only offering part time employment. She gave me the opportunity and I fulfilled my promise. I learned from my supervisor an acted on her behalf when she would go on vacation. I liked the fact that the department loved my ideas to organize our different tasks. Very productive and I loved every bit. The hardest part was resigning the schedule clashed with my school, there was no way to adjust my work schedule.","Assist management","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 25, 2012","5.0"
6743,"Fun place to work and challeges","Typical workday would include various task assigned to my postition and other positions.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2012","5.0"
6744,"Productive, Great Learning Experience","Assisted customers with day to day transactionsI learned how to interact face to face with customers in a very professional manner to ensure a proper resolution to any issue they might have hadI enjoyed working with all my co-workersThe hardest part of the job was working with a skeleton crew and trying to get everything done while doing everyday activitiesThe most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with customers and building relationships with them on a personal level and helping customers resolve their problems","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Holland, OH","August 24, 2012","3.0"
6745,"Worst job experience","Worst experience at a job ever, very rude and most helpful employees... No team work... Absolute nightmare","Customer Service Reprensative","Former Employee","Carlstadt, NJ","August 24, 2012","1.0"
6746,"this bank mtg","Good upper management but lack of career development opprotunities and very difficult to progress.","Admin","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2012","3.0"
6747,"It was Fun working their, No pressure, well motivated by the management.","• Involved in design and development of PFR reporting process.• Created PFREWORK universe to cater reporting objects.• Created highly formatted reports to visually represent data.• Created Reports using all the BO functions like Drill Down, Prompts, Dimensional and Measure variables to show accurate Results.• Implemented Cordiality settings, Joins, Conditions and Global Filters in Universe.• Worked in Aliases and Contexts to resolve looping problems and used Derived tables methods.• Used Breaks and Sections in Webi reports; and used different graphical charts and bars.• Scheduled Webi reports on daily basis and exported them in Excel/PDF format.• Implemented SQL/PLSQL programs/Stored procedures/Views to test ad hoc reports.• Created Dashboard Templates with Visualization for different group's usage for their Best Practices.","Business Objects Developer","Former Employee","NY","August 22, 2012","4.0"
6748,"Bank Teller - Large responsibilities managing money","It was very interesting to learn how banks work and make sure all money is accounted for and in the right place.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2012","4.0"
6749,"Fast paced team work.","I have worked for this bank less than a year. The position is only part time. I am not able to take advantage of all the benefits this bank has to offer due to me being only part time.I have learned a lot in the short time and I enjoy the people I work with. The work we do at the ATM Processing Center is very important and I am proud to be part of it. I have several duties during the week and I enjoy all of them. I just wish I had more hours. I support myself and it is very difficult in todays economy to make ends meet on a part time job.","Bank Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 22, 2012","5.0"
