"review_title","review_verbatim","role","status","location","date","rating"
"Average","Excellent colleagues. Difficult to advance upward or to other departments. Sales and management functions take over the job without much support. Tough work/life balance.","AVP","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"They just want someone to be the front line fall guy","They have a very 'take ownership' attitude so you can't say anything along the lines of 'it's our/ this banks policy'. Your basically getting berated all of the time by customers or managers who want you to sell even though you aren't in sales.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2020","1.0"
"Good: Pay Bad: constant concern with downsizing as an employee","My day consisted of managing staff, monitoring reports, working with HR, hiring/firing/laying off staff, monitoring for improvements or concerns within processes and meetings with upper management and other management.","Operations Manager Late Stage Default","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"Mostly alright, nothing exciting","Good job with great hours but very monotonous and once you learn something, you are responsible for taking care of it. Time off is discouraged. Must be dependable and show up every day. Strict attendance policy.","Teller","Former Employee","Decatur, IL","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"Culture has changed'; many employees are leaving","Upper management hires lower managers based on favoritism. Passed-over managers then leave this bank, as there is no room for growth. With the sales managers leaving, bankers under their supervision then leave as well. There should be many openings at this bank because so many people are leaving. A recruiter with a conscience would not direct a candidate to this bank.","Vice President","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 5, 2020","2.0"
"Living with this salary impossible","Salary to low for tellers as we are the face of the company. We are the first people customers see and many times offend. We do a lot of work and maybe have one of the highest pressure/stressful related job.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","North Royalton, OH","January 5, 2020","5.0"
"A great company to work for","I really enjoyed working for this bank. It allowed for many learning opportunities and career advancement. I would definitely recommend working at this bank to anyone interested in this field.","Trade Support Specialist - Advisor Trade Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2020","5.0"
"Working at this bank Call Center","It was a new a fun experience that I enjoyed being apart of. Being given this opportunity allowed me to advance my customer service and banking experience while also creating new relationships with coworkers and customer. this bank is a huge banking company that also provide the services to help start my career in the financial industry.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 4, 2020","4.0"
"Horrible company"," this bank does not care about their employees. Their management team is awful and focuses solely on themselves. The sales culture they push on their employees creates a stressful work environment. It's constant conversation on how you are going to improve while the managers continue to not help customers or follow through on their word. They do not pay you enough and if you get promoted the easier is a joke. They pay more to new hires then they do to current employees. WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND ANYBODY TO WORK HERE OR BANK HERE.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Warminster, PA","January 3, 2020","1.0"
"Good","Was good experience and they are great company if you like to work for this bank go four it don't wit do it I love this bank it's great company I life the job for my kids","Teller","Former Employee","Virginia","January 3, 2020","5.0"
"Many different locations to work from, including remote.","Workplace enjoyment and satisfaction depends largely on what department and manager you have. Some departments embrace a philosophy of growth and change, while others are content with the status quo.","Vice President - Strategic Sourcing Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 2, 2020","2.0"
"Okay","I was not necessarily an indivisible for the overarching company. My branch was wonderful but the company as a whole did not care about me or the staff I worked with.","Teller","Former Employee","Ludington, MI","December 31, 2019","3.0"
"The absolute worst wealth management firm on the planet.","If you want to work among the most arrogant, self-important snobs who have no education or pedigree to back it up, go join this bank. Their model is a mess, they pretend to be ultra high net worth when they are barely mass affluent They care nothing about the client and only care about their fees. fees when all they care about is their","Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Palm Beach Gardens, FL","December 31, 2019","1.0"
"Easy going yet professional work environment","Great company with opportunity for growth. Pay is moderate but good sales incentives. Environment is dictated by manager. Mentor ship is available along with coaching","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New York, NY","December 30, 2019","4.0"
"Horrible","Horrible management not a place that would ever recommend to anyone. They do not care about you as a customer. It's all about the bottom line. It's about making money and nothing else.","Banker","Former Employee","Belvidere, IL","December 30, 2019","1.0"
"Disappointed in this bank by management they hire","Disappointed in this bank by the Management they hire. They usually are experienced. this bank has great training. There are a lot of banking rules you are unaware of until you work there","Banker","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 30, 2019","4.0"
"productive fun and great","clear plan for the future, employees don't know long-term goals, just i need to move from the place to bay area the for big IT opportunity for more growing","Full Stack Developer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 28, 2019","5.0"
"This is as far the best bank i have ever worked for","Your manager want you to succeed and take opportunities to advance and train in other departments. Also after 6 months of employment you will have the opportunity to transfer to other departments and the training you will gain.","Virtual Customer Service Core Representative II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 28, 2019","5.0"
"offers full time and it's nice to have all bank holidays off.","Was a decent job that helped me learn a lot. I worked for a total of 2 different branches, and had volunteered to several other branches in the area during my time employed there.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Hampstead, MD","December 26, 2019","3.0"
"I had a pretty good experience with this bank.","I was a this bank teller, I enjoyed the environment and training. I learned a lot really fast and believe the way it was taught was very easy to retain.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Rising Sun, MD","December 23, 2019","4.0"
"Going on four years","The thing that got me hooked right away was the team and family atmosphere. Their goal is to coach you up and not down. They push you to be the best you can be on a daily! That's why I am still there","Business Banking Service and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 22, 2019","4.0"
"Enjoyable work place","You're given 15 minutes before actually required to take a call, this gives employees time to catch up on important company alerts and communications. Though there are productivity measures that seem to be priority in each meeting, they also explain the importance of taking a break and getting time to mentally recharge. Management is helpful and willing.","Support Agent","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 21, 2019","4.0"
"I was in a high paying position but downgraded unfairely","If I had the necessary management support from beginning I feel I would not have been unfairly downgraded. Insurance is great and there are several benefits but now incentives will be discontinued and pay will increase more","Customer Service Rep","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2019","4.0"
"Sales driven company","If you're not familiar with having sales goals, this is not the company for you. The micromanage is unbelievably insane, and upper management talks down on employees. Not to mention the pay is far from great. If your supporting a family this job will not pay enough.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Port Orange, FL","December 20, 2019","1.0"
"Quality work environment with balance","Good company where you can use your experiences to venture out and try different parts of the company. You get out what you put in. Lots of well established, nice co-workers to help you progress through your career.","Risk Management Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 20, 2019","4.0"
"Good place to work but","The job was good. I started as a part-time teller and within six (6) months I was being offered the Teller Supervisor position. The problem was the pay was very low. The managers and co-workers were all nice and helpful. My only issue was the very low pay.","CSR","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 18, 2019","3.0"
"Sales Driven Company","Turnover is extremely high here. this bank is a strong sales driven company. Goals are pushed daily and plans are made to achieve those goals. Bonus are strictly reflective of sales and performace.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC 27870","December 18, 2019","3.0"
"Sales Driven"," this bank is an excellent company to work for if you are Sales driven and are able to meet sales quotas. In my opinion this bank values their sales over the client/customer service experience. I was able to incorporate my love of teaching financial wellness to our customers which didn't always lead to a sale and this was not always accepted even if it was right for the customer. frowned","ATM BALANCING TELLER","Former Employee","Federalsburg, MD 21632","December 16, 2019","3.0"
"Perfect First Job","This was my first job out of college. Working with this bank provided much of the support and guidance needed after completing your education. There are so many avenues across the business/financial services one can provide. Working here demands a lot of patiences to see your results grow.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","December 16, 2019","5.0"
"Department reminded me of high school cliques","I worked only in one department; I don't want to condemn entire institution. I enjoyed the fast pace of the work. It was a production driven atmosphere. The quality and quantity of work should have been most important, but the fun timers whose outside activities (such as whether one drank alcohol, or was a movie fan, or a gamer) were kind of held to a lesser standard. Glad I no longer work there. It was very stressful.","Detection and Investigation Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 16, 2019","2.0"
"Great job","I actually loved working for this bank! Unfortunately I did have to leave due to location being a big problem for me! But any one who gets hired into this bank it's such a great job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 16, 2019","5.0"
"Sales Job","Like any job there are pros and cons. Be prepared to be in a high paced sales environment. You be required to make suggestions to customers and businesses about products and services.","Service Associate","Current Employee","California, MD","December 15, 2019","3.0"
"I don't agree with the sales culture","Very sales driven, feels like your spinning your wheels at times, you've never sold enough. Always meeting with managers to see how you can sell more.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 15, 2019","5.0"
"Think again","They expect you to push products on everyone even those who clearly don't need it. I was put on warning for not offering to a 86yr old customer. Pay is not good when you think about what you bring home monthly. Management pushes everything on the team and still expects you to finish your work. Let me not start on the racist, sexist policy. Go anywhere else you'll be so much better off.","Sales and Service Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 14, 2019","1.0"
"productive","Helps employee to succeed. Give time to employee to work on there pace.Where employee need help management is there for them. The company helps to maintain work and life balance.","Teller","Former Employee","600 baltimore pike","December 14, 2019","4.0"
" this bank is company that values diversity and inclusion"," this bank places high value on the company's reputation and moderate risk philosophy. They also place high value on keeping their customers and employees safe and happy.","HRIS Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 14, 2019","4.0"
"Current employee","It's not a bad place to work but morale is pretty low at the moment due to large queue sizes, mismanagement by executives who don't know how to do our job but are trying to save money. All of which causes bad work life balance. Also wages aren't competitive with other companies, we do the job of three and get paid much less for one","Loan Processing Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2019","4.0"
"Productive","Enjoy working with my team, learned a lot, great work experience, very cooperative team and manager, it was a great feeling to release customers financial stress and to make them happy.","Small Business Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 13, 2019","5.0"
"large bank","Continue to provide the level of service as if you are a small community bank. Philanthropy is a major piece of working at this bank. Top notch training. Very good management","AVP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Greenwood, IN","December 12, 2019","4.0"
"Professional and well organize environment for qualify employees"," this bank is a wonderful company to work and to learn. I am so benefit from leaving and working at this company. I feel I have growing up together with my working knowledge and experiences from this company.","Loan Servicing Analyst I","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","December 12, 2019","5.0"
"productive,team oriented and funny individual..","A typical day at work would start by updating the team lead on the progress of the task assigned to each team member,this was always conducted in a meeting of testers for example if you are writting test cases and you realize a requirement is not clear,it was a platform to present any obstacle with regards to your work assignment,i also had an opportunity to act as a Team Lead and this was another exciting challenge at work interms of management from implementation of Agile methodies as a scrum master,reporting,assigning duties and setting timeframe for the assigned work..Team work was ineviteable culture nobody wanted to ignore,a failure for a single person would cost the whole team so we encouraged the spirit of consultation whenever you needed any help.The hardest part of the job is while reporting the deffects there would always a tag of war between testers and developers.and the most enjoyable part is when you identify major deffects in an application.","QA Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work","An amazing company that you could just find yourself working at for the rest of your life, extremely good benefits. I would recommend anyone to apply there.","Service Associate","Former Employee","pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2019","5.0"
"Worst company I ever worked","They don't know how to treat an employee. They offten treat you like you are nobody. They are full of promises that they are not going to fullfill. Don't work with them EVER!!! Manager don't know anything and then treat you like a dum person. Shame on them.","BBSR","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","December 11, 2019","1.0"
"Great place of employment","You could andvance in your career very quickly, they always want you to succeed. They are team players. They pay fairly and the managers will have meetings throughout the month to see what it is you want to do and put you on the path.","Loans","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2019","4.0"
"poor management","company is a sales driven environment before was more customer service based, management was terrible wouldn't recommend working for this company. would rather be in prison.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","December 10, 2019","1.0"
"Ok work environment","Ok place to work bad shift room for advancement changes all the time no more in office only work from home must have private space for work where door can lock","Customer Service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH 43213","December 10, 2019","2.0"
"I miss working for this bank","They pay really well. But you have to be sure to tell them the hours that you want and if need be, wait until that option becomes available or you may be stuck.","Expander Sale Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great company","Worked here for 4 years and loved it. Great culture, work environment and they had exceptional benefits/PTO. Only reason I left was because of family health issues","Teller","Former Employee","Ann Arbor","December 10, 2019","5.0"
"Very informational place to work","I started my career at this bank. I learned all about how banks operate and the structures of the various industries we work with. It has been a great place to start my career.","Business Banking","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 9, 2019","4.0"
"Favouritism","Lots of favoritism. It's all about WHO you know , it doesn't matter how hard you work or what your numbers are. Different policies depending on regions and no consistency what so ever. Promotion is for their favorite only! Doesn't matter the experience. You really have to tip toe and watch your back. The company itself is good but it's a matter of luck where you will end up being.","BSSR","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","December 9, 2019","2.0"
"It helps if you know someone","Worked in collections for 4 years. The management constantly changed and know one thought of the real business needs to concerned with metrics and etc.","CONSUMER SUPPORT SPECIALIST SR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2019","3.0"
" this bank","It was a nice work environment and pay was very well. It was a new program so there were some kinks that needed worked out but the people were wonderful.","Multichannel Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 7, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Review","The work is rewarding, the support of work processes are both smart and efficient. The environment is racist and bias. I was harrassed, assaulted, phone menaced, and reported these actions and was ostracized and mistreated as a result. The systemic bias in their culture is problematic.","Multifamily Underwriter","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","December 6, 2019","2.0"
"No team effort and management handicaps the current staff","I get it banking is not what it used to be 5-15 years ago. I myself am about to pick up what will be my third job while I am still employed there to finish a degree I started to be eligible for better opportunity if not there the next company. All our incoming staff is just about collecting a paycheck and those of us sales driven/client dedicated employees have our hard work overlooked and ignored by management for the slackers because of 'special relationships ' they have with management even though they make very little beneficial contributions. Hostile work environments are thick in my side of DC west","Branch sales and Service associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","December 5, 2019","1.0"
"You can go far here","Depending on location a typical day on the job can be quite busy. I am assisting with transactions and any servicing needs the client may have. I have learned to have a full conversation based around what a customers needs are and their goals and I assist them with product solutions to help them meet those goals. The culture of the workplace is very diverse and inclusive, which I can appreciate. The hardest part of my job would have to be remembering all the clients I do service, so that I can build a rapport with them which Is also the most enjoyable part of my job. I absolutely love people and providing them with a top quality customer service experience.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Brookfield, WI","December 5, 2019","5.0"
"Didn't like it","I just feel that this bank set to high of professional standards for such a low rate of pay. This job wasn't a good fit for me. Very strict guidelines cookie cutter things I didn't like.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 4, 2019","1.0"
"Not supported by upper management","Not what i was expecting from a large financial sevices group. Culture is shock management and technology well below standard. The other employees cannit be rrusted because they have a culture of gotcha management.","Home Loan Consultant","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","December 4, 2019","2.0"
"Worst place I ever worked","There isn't much to say other than the pay was horrible, management was terrible and there was zero space to advance. I spent most of my time trying to advance working overtime and then would get horrible raises after over achieving.","Service desk Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 4, 2019","1.0"
"No advancement","Made promises of advancement that never materialized. Bonuses never fulfilled. No regular schedule from week to week. Work 6 days a week but only get paid for 5 - no overtime allowed.","Teller","Former Employee","Elkton, MD","December 4, 2019","2.0"
"fun work place with friendly employee","i had very nice and good time while i was working there it help me to get more experience with ssis that what i done there get more experience to work with dev environment and QA environment.","SSIS Developer","Former Employee","Ohio City, OH","December 4, 2019","5.0"
"Fun, family friendly work environment."," this bank was a great company to work for. Always providing new opportunities for growth and progression. I always felt included in the the day to day process and overall success of my team. Coworkers here were helpful and provided an exciting and successful workspace.","Financial Sales Representative I","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 2, 2019","5.0"
"Racist","don't believe the lies - only protect their own - will make an example out of you - only selling you a dream - Racist - prefer hiring their own - only help their own - only promote their own","Teller I","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","December 2, 2019","1.0"
"Productive and fun environment","A typical day at work is good. I learned different cross functions in groups and teams. Workplace culture is good. The hardest part of the job working with different personalities.","QUALITY ANALYST COORDINATOR","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 1, 2019","4.0"
" this bank","Great environment to work. Recommend working here for YOUNGER PEOPLE (18-26) . Flexible hours. Really great long term job for younger people. Learning about banking.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","December 1, 2019","4.0"
"Never again","Not a supportive atmosphere. Branch manager was dishonest and was not a supporter of diversity in the workplace. There was a mistreatment of minority business owners.","Teller Manager","Former Employee","Delaware","December 1, 2019","2.0"
"Good Career Choice","Great company. Very customer focused and strong financially. Many opportunities for professional development and advancement. Excellent benefits and pay. The customer facing employees have sales goals and need to be able to sell to make real money.","SVP Business Banking","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","November 30, 2019","4.0"
" this bank","Management worked behind my back to bust me down to a teller and then wanted me to train person who took my position. Management showed favoritism . I left and moved all my accounts!","Manager","Former Employee","West Branch, MI","November 30, 2019","1.0"
"Management","Management is one of the reasons I am not returning to this bank love the bank but not those in charge they have their favorites and hard to move up within the company","OPERATIONS MANAGER","Former Employee","Sylvania, OH","November 30, 2019","3.0"
"Fun place to work if your more comfortable working within a big corporation","There are a diverse area of focus, it depends on what your expertise is, or where you would like to enhance and further your career. It does take a particular individual who enjoys a call center atmosphere, talking and making a surplus of outbound calls.","MLO","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 29, 2019","4.0"
"Values young workers, but not previous experience outside of and prior to working at the firm."," this bank Does not value prior work experience. this bank values young workers. Remote work schedule was fantastic but reduced and lessened for everyone, but not due to performance."," this bank Investments","Current Employee","Ohio","November 29, 2019","3.0"
"Corporate Job","In the branches, it feels like a small town bank but the logistics and paperwork are ridiculous. Micro-managing and forms all day. Hope you like calls, lots of Cold calls and clicking to do!!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Wisconsin","November 28, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible for new employees","This is not a place to work if you've never worked in banking before. They have an absolutely terrible training program which does nothing to prepare you for the job. The training does nothing to prepare you for the position, but rather it covers their butts with their regulators. I made a very simple mistake my very first time using their software, and months later when it was discovered, i was fired for the mistake even though to this dare I don't understand what was wrong. Their benefits are literally the minimum that are required by law and their pay is as bad as any other bank. Avoid at all costs.","Banker","Former Employee","Michigan","November 27, 2019","1.0"
"Not a good place if you have a family or outside life","They do have really good retirement benefits, health insurance benefits are ok, there's a lot of hidden turnover, raises are basically nonexistent, everything about you can be amazing to them but if there is one bad thing that is all that is focused on, a lot of branches constantly work without managers & have platform bankers that try to take over, you will only get any decent money if your higher up in the company, any & everything you do will be held against you, if you have to call out or leave early because of family it's frowned upon, needing time off because of anything is a hassle, they offer benefits for part time which is awesome but at the same time if you work part time be prepared to be fully taken advantage of & not rewarded for it in anyway.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lutherville-Timonium, MD","November 27, 2019","2.0"
"Large building with your own office","I liked the location and work hours of branch. The branch has a huge lobby so lobby engagement is the up most important. The most enjoyable part of my day was when I was able to help a customer with their financial needs and gain their loyalty and trust.","Service Representative","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","November 26, 2019","3.0"
"Work Life Balance","This is a good place to work if you don't have children or a family. Due to high turn over, managers have to fill in scheduling gaps making it difficult to balance work and home life.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 26, 2019","3.0"
"fun","Helping existing as well as new customers in the purchase and selection of services and products Processed customer bill payments effectively and answered basic questions regarding customer service Communicated with customers effectively providing them information regarding products, services, equipment usage, billing procedures and feature functionality making outbound calls for prospecting opportunities and customer follow-up Maintained clean retail work area Performed back office duties effectively including accessory stock, inventory","Branch Service Representative","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","November 26, 2019","5.0"
"I have never had a job like this","It is by far the best job I have ever had and I think I will be here for at least 5 years. All benefits, Sick time, Vacay time, and personal time. But to top it off, the coworkers are so open it's like the entire building is a family. Different departments included. And they have the best idea that food and carry-ins solve everything. WE ARE ALWAYS EATING. It's beautiful. Even security is family. Ages range from 18-60 from what I can tell.","Early Intervention Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH 45342","November 26, 2019","5.0"
"Good work for a place to 'start' but not for all","The job is great for paying your bills. It's $15.50 an hour which is meh. I say this considering I was being paid the same amount as a hostess for a restaurant and I received much better benefits and incentives there. Your co-workers on the same level as you can quickly become friends. People are down to earth but Favoritism is definitely strong with job titles. Opportunity to grow. Convenient","Service Representative","Current Employee","Towson, MD 21204","November 26, 2019","3.0"
"Good foundation"," this bank was great foundation for me in the financial and customer service industry. I learned a lot while I was there and there were ways you could advance in the business.","Teller Banker","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 26, 2019","5.0"
" this bank is headed in the same direction as Wells Fargo","Abysmal support from management: worst two managers I had in 25+ years of work in the industry. Total misunderstanding of wealth management business; sell a loan that's how banks make money is the mantra","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 26, 2019","1.0"
"great","This company knows how to treat employees. They really care about their employees. The customer service is very important with this company! Thats the focus","Teller","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 25, 2019","5.0"
"average work place"," this bank's work environment was fun. However, the management and the rules made it difficult to work there. The managers and customers were not bad but again, the rules and management caused a problem.","CUSTOMER CARE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 25, 2019","1.0"
"Horrible place to work","Market Management racist and unfair environment, South Jersey Region is the worst; if you are Latino or black people prepare to be targeted by the Regional manager, I guess in a world that is ok to make racist jokes and comments, you will never have respect if you say something they will haunt you down until you quit.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Linwood, NJ","November 24, 2019","1.0"
"Not Quite Who They Say They Are"," this bank pretends to care about their customers' financial needs and futures, which is true to some extent. But their real objective is to squeeze every dime possible out of each customer. While this is the objective of most companies that answer to stock holders, it is especially true here. What is truly best for the customer is secondary to production and pushing this bank products and services. As an employee, you are not encouraged to think outside the box but are very encouraged to drink the corporate Kool-Aid, shut up and do what you're told. Decent benefits and vacation policy if that's all you're looking for. My advice, find another way to make a living.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","November 24, 2019","2.0"
"Teller Supervisor","This job has everything to do with who you work with. If the people don't like you don't make a mistake, you'll be terminated. Managers were great but if someone goes above their heads its out of their control. Be careful with movement, the branch i went to ended up being the end of my career. This isn't a great company for job security.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Gibsonia, PA","November 23, 2019","3.0"
"Average","Company had good pay and benefits. Some branch managers abused their power and would regularly power trip, by intimidating those in lower positions on a regular basis.","Consultant","Former Employee","USA","November 23, 2019","5.0"
"Inflexible store hours at the instore branches","The inside grocery store branch hours were a bit crazy and inflexible, they are open 7 days a week and late. Compensation was not compatible with job criteria.","Instore branch manager","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","November 22, 2019","3.0"
"n/a"," this bank is a company that even though they said they like to promote from within the company, they don't really like to have employees asking for promotions. I saw plenty of times and when it was my turn as expected i was decline as well.","Regional Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","November 22, 2019","1.0"
"The People Make the Company","Every department is different, but the people in each are amazing! They truly welcome you with open arms into their family. The management truly cares for their people. I learned so much about mortgage that it helped me to be a wiser consumer when I bought my own home.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 21, 2019","4.0"
"Bank Corporate Culture","Professional work place, management is always available to assist in career development. The least enjoyable part of the job is having to make cold calls to customers.","Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 21, 2019","4.0"
"Prepare for Growth"," this bank has shown me support and that I'm valued. This company definitely cares about your personal and professional interests and development. I plan to be with this establishment long term.","TELLER","Current Employee","Durham, NC","November 21, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","This is a good company to work for I think management is overall pretty good A my experience has been nothing but positive since coming to work here I have met a good team members as well as management staff I enjoy working with my customers and the relationships I have built with the clientele is amazing","Loan closing associate","Current Employee","Jacksonville Florida","November 21, 2019","5.0"
"Don't Work Too Hard","When i first started working for this bank, I was so excited. But over time, I realized that development for new hires or staff period was non existent. I work really hard to achieve my goals and still don't get paid what other banks pay.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 20, 2019","3.0"
"Pushy on sales","They love to talk about Wells Fargo, but they worse on the sales goals and very pushy. The benefits are great but the culture wasn't. They need to listen more to the employees and have a more diverse employees.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Ayden, NC","November 20, 2019","1.0"
"Good company","I thoroughly enjoyed my employment at this bank. The culture is great, but there are a few individuals to take advantage of their power by making employees feel inferior to them.","SVP Business Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 20, 2019","4.0"
"Production based with support and many partners available for continued support.","As mentioned, Production based with support and many partners available for continued support. A great company to work for with attractive incentives.","Business Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Secaucus, NJ","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Had two amazing groups of people to work with","For this bank I was fortunate enough to have two extremely wonderful groups of people to work with. From Branch manager to Teller lead, everyone was extremely good at their role and knew how to properly address any questions I had moving forward. Even when I moved to another branch, it was inviting and everyone I worked with did an amazing job helping me to fit into my role.","BANKER","Former Employee","Pike Creek, DE","November 19, 2019","5.0"
"Worst place to work","This used to be a great company, up until consumer merged with mortgage and screwed up the entire system. Cut bonuses, fired management, put in incompetent management, no room for growth. This place is going downhill. If I could give zero stars I would. Worst place to work.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 19, 2019","1.0"
"fast paces and stressful environment"," this bank tries to stay near the bleeding edge of technology and applications. They also highly value customer experience so therefore, when issues arise, it's all hands on deck","Technology Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Na","There was favoritism shown at this job, people were allowed to not work and then other employees had to pick up the slack from that other person. There is no growth opportunities.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 19, 2019","1.0"
"Its ok","its an ok company to work for, pay can be a bit low but it is Pittsburgh, good food at locations no isseus with moving up, lots of support typical day varies","IB Commercial Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Great Work/Life Balance & Benefits","Lots of flexibility in schedule; great work like balance. Good benefit options, lots of vacation and sick time offered. Much, much less busy than an accountant at a public firm would be.","Senior Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Great team rapport and family focused","I enjoyed the continued compulsory trainings we had to complete. They kept us up-to-date. I also loved being in an environment that challenges you to push past comfort zones and continually learn new skills.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Financial Consultant","Lititz, PA","November 19, 2019","5.0"
"Absolutely stressful environment","I was as a QA test lead in this bank(TCoE). I am going to tell you my experience with this bank and it's just my subjective opinion. Onboarding and off boarding process is awful, no KT or directing new employee to the right work flow. It is imposible to find any documentation related to the project. Poor weak hardware laptop is proveded for automation with Windows 7 (later upgrated to 10) system which is glitching periodicaly. Scrum master's answer is 'I don't know' for any question. Management system is in very unprofessional level and not orgonized. Developers' manager doesn't understand overall concepts of developing and hiring devs with backend background for frontend project. A lot of ghosts employee which is doing nothing, more truly, they come to have their lunch, drink coffee/tea, and wash their dishes afterall. There is no proper environment for testing, everything should be tested in devs' machine which is unstable and available from time to time. So many mess is in whole Sprint duration. Releases are constantly postponed due to other dependencies. this bank's new up to date web application cannot emerge because of all these kind of issues in management. If you try to open this bank web app you will see old design which is even not responsive. I wonder whether the stakeholders aware about the lame this bank application. I can continue to criticize every detail of this bank working process for a long time but want to say this bank manager could fire employee for no reason even everything is done on time and properly. Instead of appreciation employee could get fired or get stress.","TCoE test lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 18, 2019","1.0"
"Would not recommend","Not to bash them just think there a plenty of places you could be and make process and money and not feel like someone is against you and was to slow you down.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Dublin, OH","November 18, 2019","2.0"
"Lots of Turnover","Due to the quality of work and the environment at this bank, there has been a substantial amount of turnover since I started. Moreover, there does not appear to be any change coming to improve employee morale.","Security Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 17, 2019","3.0"
"West orange northfield branch management was the worst","I've been in the career of banking for roughly 6 years. I've NEVER experienced such poor leadership in my life to compare to the one in this branch. I've never had a manager tell me to my face 'the business comes before you' when I express a concern of lack of work/life balance in the workplace. Due to my recent life event changes of me having to move to a different state, I applied to this bank. When I arrived to my interview 15 minutes early we'll prepared after driving for 2 hours from my hotel to get there, I was told to wait an additional 30 minutes after my scheduled time because she wasn't ready. The branch manager was completely unprofessional. She told me she's 'stretching the interview longer' within 10 minutes of the interview by adding unnecessary conversation because i told her of my drive time. On my drive back, the recruiter called me and told me I got the job after I clear for drug testing. Flash forward to me actually working at the West Orange, NJ branch... I was expected to work 6 days a week (some leave the branch at 7pm some nights)M-S, wear a suit, reach high sales goals, be a banker, be a teller... etc. The job is do-able. But when management is constantly over your shoulder, throwing mini tantrums when things don't go her way, disrespecting her colleagues... it makes you not want to come to work. After I wasn't told lunch breaks were 45 minutes not an hour, I had the manager CALL ME WHEN IM OFF THE CLOCK 50 minutes into my break to ask me to come back in. There's no space. And the fact that management didn't allow me to continue doing training & jump into - more...","Universal Banker","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","November 17, 2019","1.0"
"Too much stress for mediocre pay","Tellers were required to meet sales quotas that are unattainable. If you didn't meet the quota you would receive written warnings even if you had done everything to try to meet those quotas. The pressure they put on employees is over the top.","Teller","Former Employee","New Castle, DE","November 16, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to grow","Great place to work. Every day is different. Fast pace and could be stressful but not unbearable. As an employee you must own your career, management is there to help and coach through out the way.","Assistant Vice President - Sr. Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 15, 2019","5.0"
"Great place","I could not have been happier with my time at this bank. The company is highly committed to it's employees and goes above and beyond to both train, as well as guild them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Sharonville, OH","November 15, 2019","5.0"
"Team work"," this bank has an excellent training opportunity before taking live service calls. They have an excellent lead team support in every department. I really enjoyed working for this bank.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 15, 2019","5.0"
"I miss bank N","I loved my position at this bank. I miss it a lot! But family took priority. So unfortunately I had to leave after nearly 11 years. I loved my coworkers!","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"If you ain't engaged, get out of the room.","Work is only fun if the team is engaged which makes the customers engaged, which in turn gets you more excited to do your job = More Money = Hopefully all customers give you 5 star reviews! = If you get anything lower, you Bonus disappears = Trash. Summary: Compared to other banks... Little Money, A lot of work, benefits are great, bonuses are fantastic (only if you get 5 star reviews), and they train you really well. I mean, REALLY WELL.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"Decent","Varies. Some leadership is better than other. Some pay favorites. Not always acknowledged for work completed. Stressful. Not always fair with all employees","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Radcliff, KY","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"One of leading banks","• Analyzed varied and complex transactions/processes utilizing standard and non-standard procedures. • Identified financial risk of potential fraud. Carefully review documentation provided by customers. • Checked replies to Bank's customers disputes quality through e-OSCAR system.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"Branch sales & service associate","stressful environment with multitasking. Management needs to improve, only cares about their numbers. Definitely need better manager who also has interest in their employees success.","Branch Sales Representative III","Current Employee","Kinnelon, NJ","November 14, 2019","3.0"
"Was lead to believe the Job was something else","I interviewed for a completely different job. While the title and description remained the same after I was hired, the actual job itself was entirely different than what I was lead to believe. If I had known beforehand what I was going to be doing, I never would have accepted the position.","Portfolio and Strategy Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2019","2.0"
"Productive and great place","Really good job that teaches you a lot when it comes to everything that you do not know much about. The training is very well organized and makes things a lot easier.","BSSR","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","November 13, 2019","5.0"
"Na","Great place to work and great coworkers. My manager was always very thoughtful and helpful and the customers were great as well. Would recommend this job.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Collinsville, IL","November 13, 2019","5.0"
"Job Duties are not as advertised or applied for leading to zero job satisfaction and career development support.","Job Duties are not as advertised or applied for leading to zero job satisfaction and career development support. The this bank group I worked for made lots of promises but failed to fulfill most of them.","Software Developer","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 13, 2019","1.0"
"It's like the book 1984","Over the time I've been here the level of micromanagement has steadily increase. Things are mandated by corporate that way. They have a department that does nothing but listen to your phone calls. You have multiple meetings that produces no results throughout the week. You never get consistent information from the people who are supposed to be there to assist branch employees. If you like to be able to think for yourself this is not the place for you.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","November 13, 2019","2.0"
"Great culture","Better than most competitors. The goals are lofty but attainable. The customer service focus and putting them at the center of all the bank does. The internal tech is lacking.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 11, 2019","5.0"
"challenging, fun","This was my second time to work for them, very good company to work for. They are very driven by sales and customer care, those are some of the most important things to excell at if you want to succeed.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","November 11, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work for until I got displaced because of business changes","The mortgage industry goes up and down and you cannot control how the business have to displace and hire. Overall they were family oriented and provided time off as needed.","Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 10, 2019","4.0"
"Sounds great/ not great once you get there","Told one thing before you start then it's not at all the way they said it would be. Bonus scale is a joke. They skew math to off set and calculate survey results to NOT pay you bonus. Management let's platform staff literally steal referrals (also bonus related for tellers) from tellers. And does nothing to support teller staff when happens over and over. Blatantly/favors lets bankers work their own schedule. It's gross.","Teller","Current Employee","Naples/Bonita Springs/Ft Myers FL","November 10, 2019","2.0"
"Loved this job!","I loved working at this bank. The working environment was challenging and rewarding. I learned a lot about banking and Loss Mitigation process. I would have liked to been trained in more areas.","Mortgage Default SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 9, 2019","5.0"
"Strongly professional, integrity oriented company"," this bank is a highly respected, customer focused bank that provides a positive workplace culture which encourages employees to be the best in the industry.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","November 8, 2019","3.0"
"poor management and HR","Management was asking staffs to break written guidelines. Also upper management had their favorite managers and treated them differently than other managers. The goals and expecations are unattainable, typically over 55% of the branches don't obtain their goals.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 7, 2019","1.0"
"Fast Paced Day","Start off checking prior and current day emails from our service partners. Then open excel to prepair the Daily spreasheet containing our IDDAs. Next would come time for the teams morning Huddle. Then back to working the entries up to the 2pm deadline.","Accounting Analyst I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 7, 2019","3.0"
"Workplace with opportunities for improvement, cultural change necessary","The overall environment was varied based on where you were working and what work you were completing. training was lacking in some areas and high management turnover. Enjoyed the work, overall.","WFM Skilling specialist","Former Employee","500 Smithfield St.","November 7, 2019","3.0"
"Bigger isn't Always Better..."," this bank has grown into a super regional Bank. From the Retail Banking viewpoint they have too many layers of management or people you have to answer to. There is a Regional manager, Market Manager along with Sales and Service Manager, Loss Prevention Manager, Business Manager, Investment Manager and Merchant Services manager. They all expect you to not only help them hit their goals, but also attend numerous sales meetings (virtual and in person) that are generally not helpful. They are closing Branches, yet direct any customers with problems encountered from phone/ email contact to their local Branch. Not a bad culture, but they expect miracles with thin staffing. Bloated back offices: analysts and IT could be outsourced to beef up the front line offices.","Vice President Branch Sales Management","Former Employee","Ohio","November 6, 2019","4.0"
"Amazing Company","The company was amazing. I loved my time here. It was time for me to move on to different opportunities given some changes in my life and I was sad to leave but every employee was amazing to work with.","Property Manager","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","November 6, 2019","5.0"
"es muy facil hablar con tu jefe siempre tiene tiempo","me gusto mucho trabajar con ellos es otra forma de ver los negocio y tienen un criterio muy amplio lastima que el dólar varioconsulto y casi no tengo operaciones ya que le tienen un poco de temor a una devaluacion","Consultor Sr","Former Employee","providencia 1417","November 5, 2019","5.0"
"New employee","I was a new employee and my onboarding was very bad. Very stressful. Lack of training on policy and procedures. No mentor. Sink and swim training.","Business Center Mgr","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","November 5, 2019","1.0"
"Good","Had a very good working experience and learning new things in Salesforce application. Senior management was very co-operative and accomodative in understanding the changing dynamics.","Salesforce Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 5, 2019","4.0"
"In house management seemed undertrained","The experience I had at this company was initially good. Then the new branch manager came in and created a hostile work environment. He pushed us in the wrong ways and created hostility among the lowest paid workers. He promised training and advancement then put delays on co-workers rather than making clear the circumstances of delays. Misunderstandings that could have been prevented turned into employee conflicts. He gossiped with certain employees and clients and was generally unprofessional.","Teller II","Former Employee","Georgetown, DC","November 3, 2019","2.0"
"Wonderful place to work all around. Great people. Very professional atmosphere","I moved to California or I'd still be working here. Management is top-notch. If I move back to Michigan I'll apply here again for sure. Training is very thorough and the office is clean.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 2, 2019","5.0"
"I enjoyed working at this bank","I enjoyed working at this bank. he culture was very supportive and the people were enjoyable to work with. I would definitely work at this bank again in the future and would recommend others working there both as a current job and future career.","Business Analytics Consultant Senior","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 2, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work","I love working at this bank, and the environment. I've been able to move to different areas and expanded my knowledge very quickly.I started it on credit cards then was soon able to go to sales and I am now a loan analyst.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 1, 2019","4.0"
"Branch Sales & Service Associate- underpaid and not appreciated","My time spent with the company was unorganized, unprofessional and extremely stressful. My management was not supportive of my career or growth with the company. When I was contacted by the recruiter there was no negotiating pay. I personally took a serious pay cut taking this position. 14K per year... You will be required to stay weekly for call night every Monday an hour later to try to build your book of business and clients. And also once a month on Wednesdays 2 hours later to build your investment and retirement clientele.","Service Associate I","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","October 31, 2019","1.0"
"Good company to work for","Good company to work for, excellent benefits package. Work/life balance extremely important. Great inclusive culture. Good training program to set you up for success.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Malvern, PA","October 30, 2019","4.0"
"Great People with Good Goals","Great pay with few drawbacks, only downside would be potential staffing issues (under-staffing) or bad hours due to late shifts. Overall a great place to work, if you don't mind selling.","Regional Resource Teller","Former Employee","Southwest, PA","October 29, 2019","5.0"
"great","great place to work, love the environment. learned closing loans, management skills, hardest part was clients, and making calls,. i love the team work.","LOAN CLOSING ANALYST - FUNDER","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 29, 2019","5.0"
"Company is respectable","The company is ok to work for, there are multiple opportunities to move up if you are in the right department. Unfortunately the department I was in this is not possible.","Help Desk Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 28, 2019","3.0"
"Overall good place to work.","it's a good place to work with bankers hours so you have a set in and out time. customer satisfaction has really decreased due to a high turn over rate which puts pressure on workers to meet set sales goals","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Burlington, NC","October 27, 2019","3.0"
"Okay for a living","It started off good, but as time went on, this bank started becoming a lot like Wells Fargo before they hit rock bottom. Nonstop pressure for referrals. Pay not great. Not very easy to advance, you have to have a good word in. People treat you unfairly. Employees are so stressed over meeting goals they are starting to do things they shouldn't just to meet goals. It's getting bad at this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","October 27, 2019","2.0"
"Family comes first","Good flex time hours and amazing management on location, gained valuable experience and everyone there is friendly and helpful. Professionals, teamwork makes the dream work....","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Eastwick, PA","October 25, 2019","5.0"
"It was a nice place to work for before they started trying to be competitive","They do have great products and pitch as far as a bank goes. The vacation time is reasonable and the work culture is pleasant at times. However, when it comes to hiring managers there should be a more extensive background. The assistant managers are not well trained in how they can manage others of all backgrounds and cultures in addition to not being dependable. The pay should also be increased for the amount of paper work that is done within a branch atmosphere. Why does a billion dollar company use so much paper? We are not in high school, meaning management should not micro manage because of the sales pressure they feel from their management and then put that energy onto their staff.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","October 24, 2019","2.0"
"Productive work environment.","Good place to work. Management was not on the same page across the board. It's a place of high energy. It's an exciting place to learn about banking. I enjoyed the position. I would have liked to see management a little more involved.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Former Employee","University Hts, OH","October 23, 2019","4.0"
"long days","at this company this has to be something that you really want to do. the work is different its the same thing ever day depending on your position. i will say if you are a people person and willing to stick it out you will like it and will stick around for a chance to grow in the company.","Independent Contractor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 22, 2019","3.0"
"A good company to work for","A good company to work for good benefits, excellent compensation for days off. lots of job opportunity and excellent maternity leave along with excellent child care assistance","Operations Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 21, 2019","4.0"
"Training","On your own for training and fellow employees were to busy to help! you had and old manual and that is what you had to reference. Management had no time for meetings or getting to gethter weekly.","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 21, 2019","2.0"
"Great workplace and lot of opportunities to learn","Participating in Agile ceremonies and project delivery. Implementing Master Data Management for customer 360 degree data management. Reporting using Tableau reporting.","Senior Business IT Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 21, 2019","5.0"
"I wouldn't return"," this bank will pay you a mid level wage as their a mid level bank. Their systems were antiquated when I worked there and it made it hard to do the job. My experience here was unpleasant and I personally wouldn't recommend this organization from a retail banker perspective. I was here for 12 months and witnessed too many mid level managers leave either on their own accord or they were let go due to reorganization. Perhaps its changed since then, I hope so.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","October 20, 2019","1.0"
"Enjoyable company to work for.","Working in a fast-paced environment while providing an outstanding customer experience was the most enjoyable part of my job. I also enjoy working with the staff on their development plans to assist with potential advancement.","Senior Operations Manager, VP - Closing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2019","4.0"
"Participating in various events throught out the city and this bank Footprint.","I'm grateful for all of the opportunities I have had to participate in various events throughout the city and states this bank has acquired through mergers. I have grown so much working and volunteering at those events. this bank is a great company to work for and I appreciate the experience and stability I have acquired as an employee.","Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2019","5.0"
"Branch manager","Being a branch manager here is beyond stressful. New things constantly added and expected to still run a branch and somehow put customers first. Needs better communication and how information is relayed to employees. When i present and issue looking for help on a solution, I do not get help.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Columbus, OH 43203","October 17, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is one of the better banks to work for","I had a very good experience at this bank for 15 years. Management has changed a bit, and become more metrics focused rather than people focused, but my experience was good."," this bank Business Banking","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2019","4.0"
"Strong sales skills required.","Company treats you well. They do push sales hard and even when you are meeting all your numbers and exceeding in your job they do not like to promote within.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Ohio","October 16, 2019","4.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace"," this bank was a fun place to work, I throughly enjoyed my time that I was bale to spend there. Unfortunatly I did have to go back to college, but the people that I worked with were incredible especially my manager.","Temporary Teller","Former Employee","Stow, OH","October 16, 2019","5.0"
"Politics is ridiculous","I was very excited to join this bank but after just a few months it became very clear that the politics and culture were unbearable. If you were not in the 'in group', you pretty much didn't have a future.","Vice President - Program Manager II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2019","2.0"
"Friendly, business like atmosphere","The company had many on job employee benefits such as guest speakers, free luncheons and other perks. They also had employee financial incentatives such as employee stock plans. loans and savings. Extensive training and development events","Senior Loan Support Specialist I work","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2019","4.0"
"Excellent management...not enough pay.","I gave my heart to this bank and went above and beyond but was not rewarded financially for this. Promoting means moving to different departments basically and experience is not valued or retained.","Mortgage Loan Closer","Former Employee","North Side, PA","October 15, 2019","2.0"
"Great Place to start a career in banking","Very pleasant colleagues to work with. Management at my branch in Madison Heights is very caring and supportive. It can be very fast paced, but that is was makes the job challenging and builds on customer service and attention to detail. They offer full benefits including 401K to full time employees.","Banking Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Madison Heights, MI","October 14, 2019","5.0"
"No","No I decline to answer questions about this bank at this time. I enjoyed my role at the company but overall there were and are quite a bit of things I would change.","Universal Outbound Advisor","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","October 10, 2019","1.0"
"Open environment with a positive culture","The executive management team is open and trustworthy. Many meetings for some. Bright future for the company. Main buildings are renovated and have cafes of cafeterias inclu","VP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2019","5.0"
"Poor","Too much negative to say about this company and do ot want to Express my opinion. People will find out for themselves.. Def not paid well and incentive is horrible","Sr Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 10, 2019","1.0"
"It all comes down to Management","The regional manager puts up blinders. Most branch managers are great, do not work at NE unless you don't have feelings or a life. Repeatedly being told they don't care about you, call you fat, tell you constantly that you're not doing a good enough job, that you're replaceable but the regional manager and ER don't help or do anything about it - say we're being disrespectful for wanting to receive respect . Go to the west region..you won't have issues there.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","North East, PA","October 10, 2019","2.0"
"Great place to work","Excellent employer. Unfortunately, my business unit is being sold. Opportunity for advancement across many business lines. No significant footprint in the west though.","DIRECTOR, NATIONAL SALES MANAGER - RETIREMENT","Current Employee","San Francisco, CA","October 9, 2019","5.0"
"Best place to work","By far this was the best job that I ever had. They treat their employees right and compensate very well. I had to leave only because of the hours. Other than that I would have stayed.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Long Neck Point, CT","October 9, 2019","5.0"
"Typical branch financial adviser position","Was a challenging demanding environment where you were pulled in many directions and needed to have good time management skills. Coaching and developing teammates was integral to your success.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 9, 2019","5.0"
"TERRIBLE Management!","The management at this bank is the worst I have ever experienced! I have never worked at a place where the manger talks down to her employees... even in front of other employees! She also talks ABOUT them behind their back! Going to work in the mornings is dreadfully . Throughout the day is just as bad. this bank's HUMAN RESOURCE Department really needs to reevaluate their managers! ESPECIALLY the one at Lantana and Jog in Lake Worth, FL!!","Banker","Current Employee","Lake Worth, FL","October 8, 2019","3.0"
"Pretty good environment","The only reason I left was I had a few week less than a year, my dad had cancer. He needed transportation to treatment, and I couldn't get time to do it","Teller","Current Employee","Greenwood, IN","October 8, 2019","4.0"
"Great workplace environment","The company truly pursues a healthy work environment culture that allows internal growth within the firm as well as a strong work life balance. The employees are friendly and are enjoyable to work with.","AMG Wealth Management Analyst Intern","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","October 8, 2019","4.0"
"Good place to start","You'll learn a lot and get great benefits. Compensation not the best raises were rare. It is a good company to start off at I didn't have much opportunity to grow there.","Senior Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 7, 2019","4.0"
"Loved the job","Made 1 mistake and was let go felt I should have received a warning or suspended but not let go. The customer does not always tells the truth. I would return in a heart beat.","Branch Sales And Service Associate","Former Employee","Hertford, NC","October 7, 2019","4.0"
"Workplace"," this bank is an institution where they do very well to develop an individual into their role. They offer lots of training and mentor-ship that will provide you with the skill needed to advance.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Bayonne, NJ","October 6, 2019","3.0"
"Operations","▪ Extracts remittances based on standard operating procedures. Responsible for maintaining specific productivity and quality levels. May require some operation and basic ten key skills. ▪ Ensures the appropriate materials, documentation and capacity are available to complete transactions. ▪ Reviews transactions and related documents and verifies work processes to ensure completeness, accuracy and conformance to established service levels and applicable policies and procedures.","Lockbox Processor","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 6, 2019","4.0"
" this bank should not be a stressful place to work at.ork at.","Good place to work at. I don't think tellers should have a lot of stress about selling bank products. And consistently calling and repeatley asking the same customers over and over about a bank product that they already said no to. And diffently not investments. Tellers should be able to go to work not worrying about if they are going to get written up for sales not meet. And not getting a raise because they dodnt meet their goal.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Saginaw, MI","October 5, 2019","4.0"
"Asheville Region","-Little room for advancement. -Management doesn't address issues promptly. +2 weeks vacation to start plus sick time. +Pension. +Corporate emphasis on diversity and inclusion.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Asheville, NC","October 5, 2019","3.0"
"Extreme negative sales pressure","Heavy sales pressure, employees are scolded and berated as form of motivation. Employees are short staffed, not enough staffing to take time to explore needs and follow up with clients like a true salesperson. Instructed to rush through so no client has to wait. Thus, impossible sales goals.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Michigan","October 4, 2019","1.0"
"My Experience","I loved my job. Everyone was always supportive. The pay was nice and I was able to live off of my salary. As long as you did your job they left you alone.","Escalations Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2019","5.0"
"Awful","MAJOR favoritism and nepotism at this company. Managers are rude, lazy, and lack knowledge and HR will not support you if you report issues against management. Training is awful and the work equipment is garbage. There seems to always be something broken and at times customers are intentionally inconvenienced (without their knowledge) when the company wants to 'test'something new.","QUALITY ANALYST","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","October 3, 2019","1.0"
" this bank Trust Tax Services","The most enjoyable part of the job was learning the complexities of preparing Form 1041 / 706 Trust and Estates tax returns. It helps have a strong 1040 individual background.","Trust Accountant II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 3, 2019","5.0"
"Great Experience","Through my experiences at this bank, I've had the opportunity to be a part of a thriving company in a heavily regulated industry. The growth opportunities, however, are usually awarded to younger, less seasoned employees and the salary increases are minimal within the cost side of the organization. The revenue-generating lines of business offer more opportunities.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2019","4.0"
"Was work at home associate","Job was extremely stressful, training was ok. supervisor/team leader worked from home as well, had his office in his bedroom with a screen up behind him (partially), but it was very unprofessional! It was creepy!","Work from Home Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 3, 2019","3.0"
"Okay place to work"," this bank was a good place to work. I loved my staff and got alone with mostly everyone. You will be over worked once they see what you actually are willing to do so I suggest you just do your job and nothing more. It was stressful at times and I felt like I couldn't get a moment to myself from emails to all employees asking me questions as soon as I walk in. My position was teller lead and I was really good at my job. They had okay benefits and lunch's were okay. They are sales driven just like any other bank and they take the surveys that customers write very seriously. They scale of the surveys are horrible. If you get one bad one then your a red employee an you will be put on a warning.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 3, 2019","3.0"
"great place to work"," this bank is a great company to work for and great for advancement if business and finance is a passion and career goal. the workplace culture is respectable and they have good values as a company.","Banker","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 2, 2019","5.0"
"Motivated teams and lots of timelines in regulatory work","Motivated teams and lots of timelines in regulatory work. IT has to support many lines of businesses with upstream and downstream data processing, so there'll be a lot of meetings, but many of the employees are sharp and great to work with.","Technical Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 1, 2019","5.0"
"Don't apply unless you want to be micro managed and have to sell products to every customer every time.","Co workers are fabulous. Upper management doesn't care about employees. Turn over is consistent. Think twice about applying..Policies prevent you from helping people.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","October 1, 2019","2.0"
"Family business","Very family oriented. fair. non stress work environment. Pride strong community. Community strong. I really enjoyed working for this company they are flexable and work with you","BRANCH SUPPORT REP","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 30, 2019","5.0"
"Good Place to work and learn","Constantly learning new technologies: Openshift, Jenkins, Docker, Kunernetes, Mongo DB, Angular7, micros services, micro ui...and much more. Management is friendly, understanding and there is room for advancement. The environment is collaborative, knowledge sharing is continuous.","Software Developer Lead","Current Employee"," this bank 2 Tech Tower Downtown Pittsburgh","September 29, 2019","4.0"
" this bank was a temporary job for me even though I was there full time","I was in between jobs when I accepted that job I had been layed off from Ohio saving after 12 years and I needed a job so that where this bank came in at. I stay there maybe I year","Production Worker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 28, 2019","3.0"
"A good company to work for - family oriented, fun and fast paced","Every day is different, lots of opportunities to learn outside of the constant ongoing bank required training, very inclusive culture. Its always fun to meet new people and help them wiht their financial and mortgage needs.","Mortgage Office Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Newport News, VA","September 28, 2019","4.0"
"The location I was placed in was very racist including the people I had to work with.","The location I was at made the entire corporation look bad when it comes to equality on race. The location I was placed at needs to be reviewed and monitored, not to mention shut down completely.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Homer Glen, IL","September 28, 2019","1.0"
"Good for people who like sales"," this bank loves to tell their employees that they do not sales push. I am here to tell you other wise. I am aware that in banking there needs to be money coming in in order to grow. However, It is shoved down our throats that we need to click the 'insight' button for each and every client that comes in. The insight button is an automated message that tells you what to say to the client in regards to opening new accounts, credit cards, investments and so on. If you do not click the insight button you are reprimanded. They pull numbers to see how many transactions you did, how many times you clicked the button, and if the client got any new products. It is very stressful. Bonuses? HAH. They tell you that you can get incentive pay if you receive 5 stars on surveys....never got that. It is a total score for the entire branch. If one person receives a not so good review you can kiss that bonus good bye. They make a lot of promises but honestly they make it impossible to reach their expected goals. I am grateful for the experience, but I will never work in Banking again.","TELLER","Former Employee","Florida","September 28, 2019","2.0"
"Competitive but inclusive work environment","Great sense of team but highly competitive. Plenty of room for advancement. Management is very transparent. Incentives are easily achieved with a self starter attitude.","Universal Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","September 28, 2019","5.0"
"fast pace and great place for a self starter","By developing great skill sets to leverages products and services to increase the financial well being of clients and build long lasting relationships.","Financial Consultant II","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","September 27, 2019","5.0"
"Good Company","Good company when I started 1989 to 2018, some things have changed for better and worst. Salary and raises could b better. But over all I loved working with the people at this bank, and they do not discriminate.","Accounting Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 27, 2019","5.0"
"HR Nightmare","Worst HR department I've ever dealt with. No support or assistance with issues. Didn't get to actually do 50% of my job. Supervisor was unqualified and incompetent. Pay was significantly less than competitors. When contacted a lawyer over the circumstances surrounding my departure, was informed that while my case wasn't well suited for him, he had SEVERAL in progress with the company and gave me advice on how to potentially pursue legal action.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Michigan","September 26, 2019","2.0"
"you will be busy!","Micro managed to the T. Score cards for everything. No real human contact, everything is done on the computer. Oftentimes, poor direction as if the management team doesn't know or care. It was excellent experience and I got to work with many fun and enjoyable people over the years. There were times when I couldn't wait to go to work the next day","Underwriting Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 26, 2019","4.0"
"Easy going","very easy going,easy jobs, very nice and fun people to work with. great management and great lead personal . air conditioned for summer and heated for winter","Mold Press Operator","Former Employee","Polo, IL","September 26, 2019","3.0"
"Great place to work if you want to meet new people","My experience had a lot of ups and downs. Typical day is all about the customers of course. Customers get so mad they have to wait, but then need to take up all of your time as well. Employees I worked with felt entitled to not having to do certain tasks, even when they worked for me. Management expects you to work as mandatory like they do but there is a large gap in pay that comes along with why management has to work as much as they do. Nothing about the company screams work for us and not our competitors.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Maryland","September 26, 2019","3.0"
"Na","Fast paced. Customer service. Universal banker. Lobby engaged. Loan originator. ranch operations. Personal banking. Collaborate with internal partners. Refer services and products","Services Associate I","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 25, 2019","2.0"
"It was great","It was a great place to work a lot of advancement and performanced based incentives. Flexible schedules based on performance. Work from home positions available","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 25, 2019","5.0"
"Overall not a bad company","Management could be a little more experience and treat employees a little better. Lately the quality of life is not so good because of so many employees leaving the company, leaving branches short staff.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","September 25, 2019","4.0"
"Stressful and completely overused","In a management position myself I feel as though I took on more responsibilities with very little compensation. I'm making .50 more than a teller. If I had been aware of the pay I would have never applied to take the position. I literally go home and have nightmares over my workplace environment- not reaching my goals, work being left out, upper management. this bank has affected my personal mental health more than I care to admit, as I know it has done to others, the evidence is all in the incredibly high turnover rate. With all that being said, I love the environment of my branch. My manager is amazing. I would stay forever if it wasn't for the fact it was this bank. Paid time off is great, hours are pretty nice, the consistency of the hours is perfect. I have learned a lot from this bank I have more comfortable conversations, to be pushy in aspects, and to voice my opinion.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Ohio","September 25, 2019","2.0"
"Great place to work!"," this bank is an up and coming bank that is expanding. Management is very involved with your advancement and client focused, the culture is extremely ethical and positive.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Palmer, PA","September 24, 2019","5.0"
"Minimal room to advancement","The ability to work remotely was a huge benefit, but career advancement seemed hard to attain. Base compensation seemed low and turned incentive pay into a necessity.","Loan Closing Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 24, 2019","3.0"
"It's A Solid Company to Work For","The pay is fair and the benefits are decent. It's a very diversity-focused organization and there are some good managers who do actually care about people.","Confidential","Current Employee","Maryland","September 24, 2019","5.0"
"Amazing"," this bank was one of the jobs that helped me so much to grow as a BA because of its work ethic and continuous strive to succeed and gie the best to customer needs. They also treat their employees nicely .","BUSINESS ANALYST","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 24, 2019","4.0"
"Know what to expect, High stress, micro management.","If you can do 14-17 investigations per week then this might be the place for you. Heavy work load, heavy micro management, poor training. If you are coming from out of town, wait at least 3 to 4 months before relocating. Please ask for higher pay, you deserve it. Plan on working 10 hour days. Poor KYC policies so get ready to investigate accounts that should have never been opened","AML INVESTIGATOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA, Cleveland Oh","September 23, 2019","1.0"
" this bank is a great company","My only issue with this bank is the work load vs compensation. I understand a lot of employees claim this but the amount of certification I have and legal stress, threats of legal pursuit, actual subpoenas being served to employees for things out of our control, the amount of hostile customers dealt with- it is not worth the pay.","Financial representative","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","September 23, 2019","5.0"
"All around great company to work for","Really enjoyed every moment working here. this bank cares about its employees and customers so that really makes for a great work environment...............","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 23, 2019","5.0"
"None","Co workers are awesome management sucks I don't recommend anyone to go there .no raise in 2 years they want you to work 6 days a week with no extra be.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","September 23, 2019","1.0"
"Great Work Eviroment","Very Good Company!! Management is strong and Excellent work life balance with greater emphasis on customer service and retention. Also becoming much more technology driven which is much needed in the Banking and Mortgage Industries!!","MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Mequon, WI","September 22, 2019","5.0"
"na","Work culture is awesome! Co-workers tend to have good tendencies. ... this bank has been known to be one of the lowest paying banks in the industry and this has caused a higher turnover accompanied by lower morale.","BSSR","Current Employee","Wheaton, IL","September 22, 2019","4.0"
"Branch Sales and Service Representative","I loved my job with this bank. The company seems to truly care about their employees. There is a lot of room for advancement as long as you're willing to move to another branch. A requirement is that you must be really good at sales. The job is basically a sales job and pushing products - you have to be good at that or you won't make it. I did very well with the sales aspect. I only left this bank for a better opportunity with another company.","Business Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","September 22, 2019","4.0"
"Worse place I have ever work for","Too many to mention, just know that head payroll manager is an egotistical, self centered individual. I swear I still believe I was eliminated because I was male.","Payroll Tax Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 20, 2019","2.0"
" this bank","This is a great place to learn and grow skills when working with the public. You have to know how to defuse situations and learn the products and behaviors","Teller Lead","Current Employee","4140 portage at. Nw North Canton","September 20, 2019","4.0"
" this bank does not care about its employees at all","Worked 3 years at this company. Was a great employee, dependable, made sales goals but never received one raise. We had an employee who caused problems with everyone but nothing was ever done about her in spite of numerous complaints. DO NOT WORK HERE!!!!!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Boynton Beach, FL","September 19, 2019","1.0"
"Decent Job","Not the best job. Not the worst. Pays the bills. The culture and middle management could use some work, but otherwise the job is rather fair in the compensation you receive for the work you do. It is however hard to grow or relocate within the company.","Financial Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Emerson, NJ","September 18, 2019","3.0"
"Don't w0rk here","no work life balance. only care about the sales. they breathe over your neck. i would rather be a lyft driver. you can't even sit... no proper training","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Marlboro, NJ","September 18, 2019","1.0"
"A good employer offering substandard pay","The corporate culture tries to pretend that there are reasons to show up to work that aren't money- and fails miserably. While ample leave time and a great management staff are massive advantages, they don't compensate in any way for living paycheck to paycheck","AML Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2019","4.0"
"production environment","A good place to work with many great people to work with and there are two shifts daytime and second shift. They have contractors and regular employees","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 17, 2019","5.0"
"Great Co Workers","I love the the people I get to work with on a daily basis. We get along great and communicate well to get things done in the office. If I have any issues I know I can go to them","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Watchung, NJ","September 17, 2019","5.0"
"Good Remote Job and Traditional Blend","This particular job blends remote and traditional job functions to optimize work life balance as long as goals are met. Lots of autonomy with getting job done! Products and services of bank are very strong too as this bank leads in several spaces. The people are nice to work with within the retail and commercial branch network but the company is disjointed from its legacy culture in Pittsburgh. The company has restructured incentives to significantly decrease incentive pay. Incentive pay for this role is also dependent on far away teammate performance and not pay for individual performance which can leave the BDO doing double duty to make up for teammate performance if they want a pay-out. There's no remedy for this. There's no real career trajectory outside of retail side of bank. Management skill level for this line of business is below average often resorting to pitting teammates against one another, openly disparaging partner lines of business & individual people. There's a severe lack of emotional IQ, and extreme passive aggressiveness that thwarts productivity and lowers team morale.","OUT OF BRANCH BANKING","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 17, 2019","3.0"
"Love the atmosphere","I would go back to this bank once my children grow up. I had an awesome experience there! I would reccomend this company to anyonr looking to grow! They truly care for their employees.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 16, 2019","5.0"
"You Create Your Atmosphere","Due to your productivity and progress is how you create your workday. If very productive no one will be on your back. If you lack skill and productivity your expected to perform at better standards","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","September 16, 2019","4.0"
"Probably consistent with most corporate jobs"," this bank is an okay place to work. I've been able to advance my career over the years and have worked in many departments. Some departments and managers have great work like balance and direct manager support, others do not. Internal hires make significantly less than external hires even with comparable experience.","Retail Lending","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 16, 2019","3.0"
"Okay job, good benefits","Training is ongoing. Very involved duties, training by coworkers. Unfortunately, the training is not conducive to being mentored on the job with your trainer sitting with you, and you are dealing with customers and not completely comprehending how to best assist them.I have been told to 'read the manual' which you have to search a 50+ page binder that is not labelled for easy searching, and if you are totally New to the business, some of the terms used in the manual make understanding difficult.","Treasury Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 15, 2019","3.0"
"Over the top stressful","You were threatened daily of your job being re-evaluated if you did not meet weekly goals. Your were berated and embarrassed in front of employees both face to face and on conference calls. I was in banking for 30 years. I worked at this bank for seven and twenty three at another bank. You are replaceable in a blink of an eye. I was a manager for this bank and refused to treat my employees as poorly rudely and and disrespectfully as I was treated.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Punxsutawney, PA","September 15, 2019","1.0"
"Pretty awful","Under no circumstances would I work there again. Training is awful, management unappreciative and career advancement is hard to get for a management position. a lot of last minute decisions such as an hr long call night announced for personal bankers the night of for after hours. Even if you meet and exceed your goals every quarter, management wants more and looks for reasons to hold anything you mess up as valid reason for no promotions.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 15, 2019","1.0"
"Nice office","Been here for 21 years and appreciate the people I work with. Five weeks paid time off, 3 days work from home.. I'm content and hope to retire here. The offices are nice , especially the cafeteria.","Detective and investigative Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 15, 2019","4.0"
"Work/life balance","Some positions promise work/life balance but do not follow through. Overtime has become mandatory in some departments because employees just leave due to management and/or department stress. Overall, the banking industry does not have competitive pay and you have a better chance on getting higher pay if you leave rather than being an internal transfer.","Analyst Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 15, 2019","3.0"
"Management","Company has a balance for work and life. However, if management guaranteed growth opportunities, I believe the company would excel more without a large turnover rate.","Sales and Service Branch Officer","Current Employee","Georgia","September 13, 2019","3.0"
"N/a","Not going to write a full review on my company. Over the past 10 years it has been a great place to work and I feel it is time to move on and leverage my skills in other organizations","Application Manager - Vice President","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 13, 2019","3.0"
"stressful environment","My typical day at work consist of me assisting customer with their financial needs and providing options to make banking easy with this bank. The most enjoyable part of the day is when the customer are stratified with the help they've been given and recommends this bank to the friends and family.","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 13, 2019","4.0"
"Not worth the hype","First off, after taxes and benefits, you're making about $14 an hour, zero overtime, but the managers are salaried so they leave whenever they want throughout the day. They still get paid for it, they'll also make the schedule with them 'working' 41-45 hours, but in reality they work maybe 35. Everyone talks trash about each other, especially upper management, even outside of the bank. Make managers are sexist and harass females, they talk extremely inappropriate, but no one higher than them cares. There's ZERO chance for advancement no matter how long you've been there.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Wisconsin","September 12, 2019","1.0"
"Very busy","I sure what to say about this bank just if you like a lot of change and challenges. Then this is the job for you and also if you love numbers. In bank is a lot of work.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","September 11, 2019","2.0"
"Busy but fun","People at this bank are very committed to hard work, but are very open and are always willing to help. Professional development for entry-level employees is excellent.","Treasury Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2019","5.0"
"Typical banking job","I have been pretty successful working here. My first branch was awful but since I transferred I've been quite happy. Work life balance is definitely better than most places. However compensation remains lower than similar jobs at other banks. Because most corporate functions are based in Pittsburgh, there's not a lot of opportunities to move out of the branch banking system.","Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 11, 2019","3.0"
"Not bad","Not a bad place to work. It's Just an under paying job position but I would still recommend it to someone especially if you're looking to start a career in banking.","Sales","Former Employee","Bloomfield, NJ","September 11, 2019","4.0"
"Fast paced fun place","Great co workers. this bank does a lot of employee appreciations. They are very generous when giving rewards and prices. You have to meet production and deadlines.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","September 10, 2019","5.0"
"Management work 30 hrs, you do everything.","Branches are constantly closing and have announce 1,700 more to close to create more profit. Managers come and go as they please and then complain to employees about things not getting done. I've never worked at a place with such little manager accountability.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Wayne County, MI","September 10, 2019","1.0"
"The hardest part of the job","Getting started and learning all the products also it's really sales driven so expect to hit numbers on a daily basis job can be really good depending on manager","Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2019","4.0"
"The interview went well and was hired on same day.","The supervisor was nice and friendly. She made me feel at ease and was trusting and had high regards of me. She was impressed with me and decided to hire me on the spot.","Mediation Administrative Processor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2019","3.0"
"Inexperienced managers","The Wealth Management team is a joke. They charge clients at least 30bps more than the competition and then wonder why clients leave. The only time they do a book of business review with Wealth Mgt clients is when the client is threatening to leave or the client has died and they are trying to retain the beneficiaries of the deceased's estate. RM last an average of 18 months. Married SVPs have extra marital affairs with subordinates and HR resources does nothing about it. No one ever meets or even has a clue as to who their HR reps are. Get some experience here and then go sell it to a real Wealth Mgt firm.","Senior Client Advisor","Current Employee","New York, NY","September 10, 2019","2.0"
"Overall a fine experience","I had a great experience working at this bank. It led me to my current job and was a great place to develop some professional skills and also meet some great people!","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Summit, NJ","September 10, 2019","4.0"
"It could just be the department","The shifts vary, but regardless you will work 7-10 days in a row. Every other week you get weekends off and then 2 days off during the week. No work life balance. Typical call center environment. Everything is based on a metric and how many calls you take, and how good you sound on the phone. Management is condescending and unprofessional. M","Detection and Investigation Analyst Senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2019","1.0"
"Position Eliminated","The work was exciting initially however I could send after several months that the position was going to be eliminated. Peers were starting to get laid off, and I made a move prior to the organizational change.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 9, 2019","3.0"
"Great company to work for"," this bank has great benefits. The pay is great as well. Before working there I didn't know there was so much information that you needed to know about accounts. There is a information overload but you receive helpful training to prepare you to help customers. There is always room to grow in the company.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 9, 2019","5.0"
"Syreesful and demeaning place to work","Stressfulenvironmnet with little or no feedback on job performance but incrediby high expectationsor performance. Superiosrs demanding but give no guidance.","Internal Auditor","Former Employee","Gibsonia, PA","September 9, 2019","1.0"
"Do Not Believe It's Part Time","For 2 years I have been trying to be strictly part time on a set schedule to make achieving the work/life balance this bank says they care so much about a little bit easier. It hasn't worked so far. Managers either micromanage or are so hands off they don't notice the problems or worse, they do both. You will be told repeatedly that they don't have the staffing available to make sure you leave on time but they have the staffing to send people to other branches...","ATM Custodian","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 9, 2019","1.0"
"Management","Your experience depends on who you're manager is.. like with every job they can make or break your motivation to stay. If you apply under a certain role you will not be hired outside of that roles ‘trajectory'.. Be prepared to pay an arm and a leg for insurance with an extra high deducible..","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 9, 2019","1.0"
"Strong Work Place Culture and Management Protocol","Good company workplace experience and employee benefit options. Solid support network and access to resources. Strong customer service and customer care platform.","Merchant Services Regional Account Executive","Current Employee","Canton, OH","September 9, 2019","4.0"
"Learned LOS","Gained knowledge about the Loan Origination System. The work environment was very challenging and the team was collaborative and supportive, I enjoyed my tenure.","BA Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 9, 2019","4.0"
"Lots of training","They make you sit in the training for two weeks after that they expect you to function like a pro unreal. Goodluck if you get a manager that is not supportive and criticize you for making a mistake.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","September 8, 2019","3.0"
"Product Manager Intern","The work was incredibly interesting; however, the pace of work can be slow. All coworkers are really smart and love their job. The average age is a little older though. Some of the long-term employees made problematic statements on race and politics.","Digital Product Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2019","4.0"
"Awful Recruiting Department","Interviewed with the recruiting department and it was the most humiliating experience I have ever had. Once I arrived, I was surprised to see that I had a group interview. The questions asked had no relation to the actual job and I wasted an entire day answering questions such as, 'what do you like to do on the weekend?'","Recruiting Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2019","1.0"
"productive work place","there are many opportunities within the company, you must be meeting your goals to be considered for said opportunities, it is important to stay focused and work hard.","Customer Support representative tier II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 7, 2019","4.0"
"Lots of opportunity"," this bank is a leader in the financial sector and continues to redefine consumer and corporate banking. It was exciting to work for an organization that was always looking to become better and more responsive to the needs of its customers. Employees are great and benefits are competitive.","DEVELOPMENT ADVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2019","5.0"
"good starting job","learned basic skills needed for my next career step- got bank holidays off which was nice. helpful transitioning into the office setting. It was a good place to start out.","SENIOR STATEMENT SPREADER ANALYST","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2019","3.0"
"Toxic Culture at Regional VP Level and Above","It would take me writing an op-ed or a book. In short, don't work here; there are many better alternatives and believe me you deserve better. Turnover and burnout accepted as the norm by upper management. Consistently under-staffed and short resources. There is a reason big banks have the reputation they do. This place takes the cake for hypocrisy because public facing marketing tells one story but once you get in, it's the complete opposite. 100% turnover is commonplace. Don't believe me? Walk into any branch in the Atlanta Metro Region and survey how long people have worked there outside of management. Ask what turn over is like in general and if it's common to have turnover. Ask if the branch is fully staffed and how long it has been that way. There were branches that could not even open the doors on a consistent basis without redirecting employees from their regular home branch to cover others because of being short staffed. Too much to list but take my word for it, pass this one by for both employment and banking needs.","MANAGER","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 5, 2019","1.0"
"Great work place","It was a great job however other banks offered more for the same positions. Other then that the culture there was awsome. I learned so much working there.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Hamilton, NJ","September 5, 2019","4.0"
"Very stressful and demanding working environment","Job demands became unhealthy working 16 hour days consistently with lots of technology issues and a command and control management style. Management did not know how to value and bring out the best in staff. Instead, staff feared senior management.","Electronic Payment Delivery","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place to Work.","A typical day at work can vary. Some days are busier. Some days are slower. Management cares not only about business, but also about you as an employee.","Back-up Head Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 4, 2019","4.0"
"Busy","There was always work. The only real complaint I have is Senior management, and procedures. Things were not documented well. They have an extreme termination policy. If you mess up one time there was no written warning you are done. They have a very high turn over rate.","Technical Platform Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2019","4.0"
"I think this review process is very helpful in acquiring the appropriate information for prospective employers to review for the hiring process.","I hope by initialization this review process that it will definitely help determine that I would be a great candidate for the position that I'm applying for. And, is a great to in giving applicants a chance to give a brief overview of what potential employers to expect from the applicants.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 3, 2019","5.0"
"Progressive","Relationship building with other lines of business provide a great experience in this company. Progressive in technology. Serious about risk management and compliance.","western Pennsylvania and Midwest to lead","Current Employee","New York, NY","September 3, 2019","4.0"
"Nice experience","Good place to work and learn. this bank Financial services provides lot of flexibility in terms of working. Very good work culture and fun working in this bank Financial services","AWS Solution Architect","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 3, 2019","4.0"
"Past All this","Too long of a work day. Not to trust anyone management does not have your back especially if it is a female. Stressful workplace time management is essential. Customer relations best part of job.","AVP","Former Employee","Bordentown, NJ","September 2, 2019","3.0"
"Diverse and Inclusive","Overall this bank is not a bad place to work. It does try to give you work/life balance with helping you trying to achieve your goals and reach the level of success you are looking for. A typical day at work for me is always busy and productive. With room for a little joviality to help the day go smooth.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 2, 2019","4.0"
"Build client relationships","Time management is critical. You are puled a lot of different directions; sales/prospecting,customer service issues,meetings, conference calls, meeting with other partners.","BUINESS BANKER","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","September 2, 2019","4.0"
"Great experience!","I really enjoyed working for this bank, I've learned a lot and am grateful for the opportunity. I am definitely seeking more work similar to the work I completed at this bank.","Data Entry 2","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","September 1, 2019","5.0"
"daily routine","typical work days are 8:30-5:30 mon-thur 8:30-6:30 fri and 8:30-1:30 sat. These times are estimated because you typically only work 40 hours a week and get a day off other than sunday. You also get all major holidays off as well.","Serv RRT","Current Employee","Lockport, IL","September 1, 2019","5.0"
"I loved my job helping people get into homes.","Lending was fun back before 2008. The Dodd Frank Act never should have been put into place. Not everybody deserves a home. This changed the spectrum of fair lending.","Supervising Loan Officer","Former Employee","Bozeman, MT","September 1, 2019","5.0"
"6 months of horror...","They send you everything you need to do your job at home but instead of a laptop they sent VDIs which had continuous technology problems from the get go. There was a class of 23 people and one instructor. I was trained virtually and everyone in the class is at their own pace which makes it difficult for them to stay on track. They taught you about mortgages which I had nothing to do with. It was extremelybstressgul and not at all enjoyable. Once you get they training it is literally walking on eggshells. Your job is basically threatened everyday by not meeting a metric. They also took away shift SIFF immediately after we started. I would not waste your. pace","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","August 31, 2019","1.0"
"Do not work there","Conventional underwriters are discriminated against. Underwriter Managers will not defend or speak up for employees, bottom line they are a waste. If you are a conventional underwriter do not work here you will be discriminated against.","Conventional Underwriter I","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 31, 2019","1.0"
"Good place to work","The work life balance is extremely helpful with every day life along with the benefits. Super chill work environment in technology. Offer a lot of extracurricular activities","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2019","4.0"
"Leadership isn't the best","Every leader at every branch is completely different, which is understandable. The issue, constantly changing what is and isn't required. Leadership changes more and more because people leave.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Maryland","August 29, 2019","2.0"
"Nice place to work","Very open and diverse place to work. I felt that I was working for a successful financial institution with a bright future. As with other banks, yearly raises were about 2% which is not enough.","Trust Tax Accountant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 29, 2019","4.0"
"Worst Bank To work for","I worked for this bank for a year and a half. I use to be excited about my position, didn't take long to realize I was getting used by upper management to product push. All about the sells, and to much micro management. They lie and make promises of advancement. Don't believe the hype. The in stores locations are the bottom of the food chain. Worst hours never closes. Only branch managers make any real money.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Crofton, MD","August 29, 2019","1.0"
"Agile","Toujours à l'affut des évolutions de demain, direction dynamique prenant en compte le bien être des salariés","entreprise","Former Employee","Mérignac (33)","August 29, 2019","4.0"
"Sales in disguise"," this bank is a great company to work for, but the main sources of stress (sales referral goals and customer satisfaction surveys) make it feel like any other retail position. Great learning experience if you're interested in sales, finance, or business. If these things sound awful to you, you'll be happier elsewhere.","Teller","Current Employee","Florida","August 28, 2019","5.0"
"Man friendy","It was hard working there longer than anyone else and being pushed aside for the men. I was made to feel not part of the team.. Men were given all leads and referral source partners. This created me to be negative in my draw , which is not a salary. Also the reason for me being let go.. Keep in mind after most of the men were asked to resign or be fired.. My origination partner, u/w processing were great and supportive","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","New York, NY","August 28, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible","Management is horrible. No compassion. Not fair. Work life balance there is none. Terrible work environment. The pay & insurance are what keeps me there.","III","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 28, 2019","1.0"
"Great risk management culture"," this bank is very credit-conscious and has sound structures in place for managing operational risk, credit risk, and change-management risk. Their technology allows for flexible work arrangements, although recently they have tightened up the availability of formalized flexible work arrangements.","Consumer Credit Risk Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 28, 2019","5.0"
"Think really long before working here","The culture is if your not buddies, they will talk to you like you don't matter and get away with it. Team leads are a joke and take it to the sup they friends so the conversation goes no where. The work schedule is 1030-7 they short staffed. this bank has a high turnover. Training good luck you have so many people that train and treat you in a different style. I showed for incoming calls for 3 weeks then expect you to be ready and then the","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 28, 2019","1.0"
"Initial training was good and exciting but branch ruined it","I believe a company should be graded on how they treat customers and employees. I worked at this location and I was forced to watch the door half my day everyday and was told that my numbers would double everyday and they WANTED me to feel stressed out and overloaded so I would produce better numbers. I was as a new employee only 4 weeks in this branch told off and humiliated in front of a customer because I didn't know how to do it ( I was told I got it when I didn't. when I tried to object I was than told u got it like it's easy A second time. During this process I tried to ask my branch manager for help (you know so I can do it right) but she was chatting with a friend instead of offering assistance. Turns out I didn't Open an account correctly and literally got told off infront of the customer and humiliated.) I had enough of the lack of training and that awful experience made me contact HR but With me being within the 90 day period I felt I didn't matter because it took over a week for a response. I ended up calling her out and the branch manager came in and tried to blame it on me not trying to listen to there 'teachings'. They would threaten me about 90 days coming up and me having to take it seriously. Keep in mind I literally had to stand in the lobby half of my day. I was setup for failure and humilated and harassed ( they would tell me I can't touch my beard and talk about how I would sit when making calls). I was fired for refusing to take there training and produce numbers. I was told it's like a retail store if u don't like it you give it back. Than she fired me. - more...","Banker","Former Employee","Tysons Corner, VA","August 27, 2019","1.0"
"Loved working for this company","Worked for this company for 11 years and enjoyed progressive success. Company offers great opportunities for those who work hard and produce results. I love the consistent commitment to customer service and doing what's right for their customers as well as the community engagement and inclusivity in the workforce.","Various Positions","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 27, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible training and absolutely negative work environment. The job pays well but the work-life balance is non existent","The stressful environment and unrealistic expectations from management are not even close to the pay. No chance to move up or advance. They really sell that concentrix is such a dream job but it is nowhere close to what was promised. Very disappointed as I thought I had found a stable job with a growing company.","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Lynchburg, VA","August 27, 2019","1.0"
"A review I wish I would have read prior","I was hired at a PT customer core consultant. The first 7 weeks of training are very redundant and long. A lot of self paced modules and 'role playing'. One of the systems used does not have a training bank, so when you're placed one your first call day in training its a bit confusing because it's only been explained to you, not hands on. We have 2 trainers, one whom was great the other, not so great. The time off is a complete nightmare for anyone who has kids. You have to be there a year before you receive any PTO and if you have to take time off before then you receive an 'occurrence'. Being a previous manager at bank, I do understand the need and responsibility of being at work and being on time, but I also understand that life happens. If you get to many of these occurrences you'll be terminated. After your 7 weeks of training you go into transition for 5 weeks for is a full 6 hours on the phones with ONE 15 minute break. I was told I needed a note from my doctor if I had to get up and use the bathroom an 'excessive' amount of times. If I hadn't of had previous banking experience, this job would have been difficult for me to learn as they do not explain the in's and out's of banking very well. You have a Team Lead during your 12 weeks, then after you are sent to your destination, you will have another Team Lead. The pay is OK. I think considering the effort, customer abuse and minimal breaks, the pay should be increased. At time I feel like a work horse. You are expected to posses the BEST customer care possible, but you have to meet AHT times and other goals. If these - more...","Customer Care Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","August 27, 2019","2.0"
"Call center is a very high stress environment","Call center is a very high stress environment with lots of quotas. The interview was deceptive with regard to how much you would make and actual opportunities for advancement. The call rating system is very critical and sometimes belittling. Upper management does not care about the feedback from call center employees.","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2019","3.0"
"Competitive Sales Based Environment","The Call Center is a very competitive and sales oriented environment. It is very structured and they have high expectations of their employees, If you are interested in that kind of environment you will thrive there,","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2019","5.0"
"Great experience at this bank. A lot of opportunities to grow","I had an awesome experience at this bank. I learned a lot during my training and working with excellent co-workers. There is also a lot of opportunities to grow in the company, but without a degree, you cannot have a manager's position.","TELLER REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","August 27, 2019","5.0"
"Great company","Culturally a great company with benefits and friendly staff. Innovative and cutting edge technology. A little political at times with upper management.","Program Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","good place to work. good work pace and training. good supervisors and co workers. good schedule. Everything is pretty much good. Nothing too terrible or too exciting.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","August 27, 2019","4.0"
"Good company","Overall great company to work for. Good pay, good work/life balance, and good opportunity for advancement. Would have stayed aside from personal/medical reasons that required me to leave due to not qualifying for any type of leave when it occurred.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 26, 2019","4.0"
"Current review","Under-paid over worked no life work balance. Really good benefits but no formal straight process and support for direct response. daily unexplained changes","Senior Business Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 26, 2019","3.0"
"Short term employment","Daily Sales class. Company very focused on credit sales and Investment referrals. Be prepared to stay late nights for calls. Highly stressful environment. No real work life balance. No career development. Awesome coworkers depends on the branch atmosphere","Service Representative","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","August 26, 2019","3.0"
"management","management is more concerned with the private of their own life, no structure lived off credit cards instead of doing what I have for 28 years, promised to work with wealth and wealth was never interested","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Fort Myers, FL","August 25, 2019","2.0"
" this bank","They set u up for failure. They put me in a bank branch with employees failing n they knew it. They asked me to weed them out n when I did the employees Fabricated things n they disciplined me for doing what they ask me to do","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD","August 24, 2019","1.0"
"Difficult Culture to navigate","Difficult to navigate the political relationships there. Felt some were petty and antagonistic. That no one is a friend it is a workplace. Nice to your face but not behind your back. Hardest part of the job was not having a collegial environment. You were on your own to solicit fellow employees to bounce ideas off of. Branch personnel in competitive battles with each other over leads and who got credit for what. Seemed sometimes as if Department's did not coordinate well. I loved my direct report manager. One of my branch managers","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Pinehurst, NC","August 24, 2019","3.0"
"Branch team is great- Regionals are less so.","My team was absolutely fantastic. Direct supervisors and managers of my branch were the best, genuinely cared about everyone they worked with. Customers were usually great, though like every service job, there were some who were inappropriate or rude and decided to take it out on the nearest Teller. Compensation is good, particularly for a job that doesn't require a degree, but my supervisor always said she wouldn't be retiring anytime soon on her paychecks. The only real problem was upper management. They breathed down my managers' necks so much that they were always stressed, which then caused everyone else to be stressed. Every branch seemed to be short-staffed, and scheduling became a problem- particularly because my team would end up having to cover other branches, thus shortening our own staff.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","August 23, 2019","4.0"
"Not a bad place except for personal life","Company misuses its staff and expects the impossible to be completed by limited staff in short timeframes. Will cancel vacations and holidays. Very limited (none) growth for senior employees. Employees break their backs without compensation. Good Insurance. 3 - 4 weeks vacation","Developer","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","August 23, 2019","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a bank holding company and financial services corporation based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Company operates through four segments: Retail Banking, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Asset Management Group, and Blackrock. Its bank subsidiary is this bank","Automation Test Engineer","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 23, 2019","4.0"
"Excellent Benefits","Great benefits package, lousy pay. Weekends required. Too many personnel changes don't sit well with clients. Poor work-life balance in practice goes against what is preached by management.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Mercer County, NJ","August 23, 2019","3.0"
"High pressure sales","Expect to deal with customers that can be angry, due to their own miss-management of money, on a regular basis. High pressure sales environment, and some management practices encourage and foster a hostile work environment.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Alpena, MI","August 22, 2019","3.0"
"Great work life balance","I've had great experience over the years with this bank. Great work life balance is important to this bank and most managers are all for it! I've learned so much and went through programs and different lines of businesses to become a well Developed individual. I've experienced so much traveling through different teams in the CIB section of this bank. I've traveled to Cleveland and Philly and met some awesome People. I highly recommend moving around when you first start out and trying out new positions.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible place to work","Worst job I've ever had. If it were up to me, I'd tell the entire world to be careful when trying to get a job here. I wonder how they're still in business to be honest.","Mortgage Office Administrator","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","August 22, 2019","2.0"
"Stressful and racist","As long as you don't mind working with a bunch of biggetts or uneducated cultural, mindless people. Then it's the best place to work. I spent 2 years dealing with a moron of a supervisor that I was consistently contacting HR for. They believe in supporting management not employees you will not have a fair opportunity. this bank management needs to be more involved with how their employees feels.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 22, 2019","3.0"
"Excellent job","While working for this bank I learned a great deal on how to manage my money, and typical work day hundreds of call in the que, but job was good to work at","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","August 22, 2019","4.0"
"Very nice company","Very great experience working in this bank. I got a good opportunity to learn new things. Job culture and managers support is excellent. Lot of Opportunities to explore new things.","Selenium Automation","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 21, 2019","5.0"
"Fast paced, good training","My experience overall was good. Their training is nicely paced and in depth. They make sure you are set up for success. They have good health benefits and their compensation and incentive were the best I've ever gotten.","Bussiness Banking Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Menomonee Falls, WI","August 21, 2019","4.0"
"Overall Good with some need for increased staffing"," this bank is a great place to work however staffing is extremely thin which does not allow for a proper work life balance. this bank has been a good place to take advantage of opportunities to expand skills.","Software Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 21, 2019","4.0"
"Be careful what you wish for","I was recruited away from another company after over 6 years there, was promised the things that my former company could not provide for my career to grow. From the first month there I realized this bank was not very different from my previous company in regards to management. They have managers that go by advice from senior employees, some of them should not be in any position to give management advice. I was told I was ready to go to my new location, then 3 days later told I was not. Then I found out from other employees that the person who was training me was not happy I was to be replacing them. They lied and falsified information, including sending fake emails about my position! This kept me from fulfilling the position I was hired for. I found out after I left the next person to replace my position also was treated unfairly and quit due to this same situation, by the same employee! I would definitely make sure you have asked and gotten every question answered before accepting a position there. Although I left my previous company in good standing I could not go back, as my position had been filled. I ended up not only losing my seniority, but my 401k match, my PTO of 6 weeks, all my benefits, including stock purchase options. My advice to management is make sure you have honest employees, with integrity giving your branch managers advice, especially if they do not like the new employee(s). In life you will not like everyone you work with, not everyone will like you, but working with others in a professional manner is what grownups do!","Universal Banker Ill","Former Employee","South Florida, FL","August 20, 2019","1.0"
"Competitive in Sales","Competitive in sales strategy , daily initiative in building relationships and bringing in new business. Very small business focused. Could use better tools for the business clients.","Senior Business Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","August 20, 2019","4.0"
"Times change","There is always change with in the culture of any business. Always be prepared to be moved or given info that may come true. The culture was always good, but not always knowing the next moves made it a bit worrisome.","Operations Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 20, 2019","5.0"
"Too many frustrated middle managers","A lot of very wonderful people work at this bank. Senior leadership is terrific - very well meaning, but slow to change a 1980s culture. The problem is with the middle managers. They run around frightened, micromanage and are generally unprofessional. There are many managers who are not qualified for their positions. Culture is also an issue at this bank. After buying several other banks over the years, they are just now trying to build a single culture. Because of the mixed messaging and platitudes from Communications, there is still much work to be done.","Business Communications Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 19, 2019","2.0"
"Good place to work in","Good place to work in ...stressful area to work in for those who worked with customer service...to little concern about it. To many supervisors but to little assistance when required.Unfair evaluation of performance.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Smithfield, PA","August 19, 2019","4.0"
"Extremely stressful place to work.","Regional management will micro manage each employee without any consideration of working conditions, clientele and severe under staffing. They expect employees to do more work than demanded by their position to get a 'meets all expectations' in all 5 categories for the semi annual review(every 6 months). If you miss one 'meet all expectations' you cannot apply for any other positions within this bank as one of the questions you have to answer when applying for a promotion (step-up job) is 'What was the lowest score on your last semi annual review'. If you answer 'met some expectations' the applications will not let you continue further.","Branch Sales and Services Representative","Former Employee","Clarksville, IN","August 19, 2019","1.0"
"Great Place to work and advane in career","Typical day at a Universal Branch can be slow due to the fact that its a Universal meaning that banking is done efficient and convenient to customers due to technology","Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 19, 2019","5.0"
"Slavery","Customer service - don't do it to yourself. Customers will berate you, yell at you, accuse you of stealing their money. I was so upset after 8 hours of work that I would cry before my shift the next day. That's no way to live.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Virtual","August 18, 2019","2.0"
"Not at all what I expected","They claim to be about client relationships but really all they care about are stockholder profits. They don't understand how highly effective teams operate and generate revenue. I witnessed a number of ethics violations while I was there, which surprised me that they didn't care about the unethical practices of their managers.","VP Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 18, 2019","2.0"
"Toxic envinviroment and Bank states that they are retaliation free and it's a lie","All smoke and mirrors. Bank has exellent culture on paper but does not live by vision. Employee relations is a joke. It took wayyyy to long to remove someone who caused many issues in the work place including targeting, retaliation and bullying..making the office toxic and unpleasant.","Banking Officer","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 18, 2019","2.0"
"N/a","It was ok working here. I enjoyed it for a while then the atmosphere changed. There is a high turn over and managers changed often which may be the reason.","Branch Sales and Service Associate 111","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 18, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible","I was disrespected by the loan officer...she gaslighted me...she was the worst person I've ever worked for. She didn't train me well at all and didn't give me a chance.","Loan Officer Assistant","Former Employee","San Diego, CA","August 18, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to start a career","Very good place to work. Diverse staff and great work life balance. Secured parking lot, key card access, cafeteria, and snack room to keep you hydrated and ready to work. Managers stay engaged with the employees and work to keep the professional atmosphere.","Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 17, 2019","5.0"
"productive and fun place","productive and fun place working for this large bank out of cleveland, OH in their enterprise data management group. Work involved architecting and building big data applications","Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 15, 2019","5.0"
"Technology is Behind the Times","As a Loan Officer, this company is behind the times on technology, practices and processes. When your job is sales and you loss money because of your company that is never good","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 15, 2019","1.0"
"Excellent Experience","Once you are part of the this bank family you are always family. The connections you make and the friends you have will support you as you learn and grow in many opportunities.","Learning Coordinator","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 15, 2019","5.0"
"management is a joke!!!","Horrible management. I don't know how that woman Is still in charge of that financial institution, completely unprofessional, racist, and does not look out for the customers or employees best interest, I could not by good conscious and morals continue to work for such a person and walked away from my career!","Teller","Former Employee","Easton, MD","August 15, 2019","1.0"
"Solid core, needs some improvements","The region I worked in had a very high turnover rate and had many branches, mine included, that were running short staffed. This put both the bank and the employees at risk, and I felt the core reason for the turnover was never addressed.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Menomonee Falls, WI","August 15, 2019","3.0"
"Not a fun place to work.","Management is difficult to work with. Push products and meet numbers of the products to get quarterly bonus. No Christmas party or other corporate events. Continuing training and meetings are not close to office. Turn over very high.","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2019","3.0"
"Loved the job","I loved this bank they made you feel like family such a fun work environment they help you when they see you are trying and want to do better they are very reasonable","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 14, 2019","5.0"
"You are a team and it pushes you to want to do better","I had 3 managers while working at this bank all were very sweet and understanding in any circumstance I faced. Team meetings and one on ones with managers are done often and motivated me to do better. Managers are there to help you succeed and moving up is very easy if you put in the work","Core specialist to Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 13, 2019","5.0"
"Boys club","I work in the asset management clearing department. I do my work unsupervised and can work from home if needed. There is an internal job sight for other positions at this bank, however the descriptions are so vague you don't know what you're actually applying to do. Even when you finally get an interview, there isn't much clarity around what the job is. Management feels it isn't their job to be able to help their employees when they are overwhelmed or need help. There is no work life balance because you're expected to work until the daily work is finished even if it takes 10 hours that day but management leaves at 2pm. You only start to get help when management feels they look bad. Working in the branch was much better than working in their back office.","OPERATIONS WORK LEAD","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 13, 2019","2.0"
"Worst job I ever had. Not customer or employee focused.","The regional management in Cincinnati is only focused on widgets. Not you as an employee and definitely not what's best for your customers. You will be asked to push products on customers that they don't want or need. And don't you dare get sick or have a death in the family. They don't have time for that. Also, be prepared for them to just make up policies out of the blue that are not in writing anywhere and are not used by any other region. P.S your job can be eliminated at any time without warning.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Middletown, OH","August 13, 2019","1.0"
"Great work/life balance","I have been working from home for about 4 years so that is the best perk to get. I go into the office 2 times per month, but not all departments get this perk. Getting a 1-2% raise each year is nothing exciting to say the least. Benefits are good though including vacation time.","Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2019","4.0"
"Great if you have little to no experience","This company is great for individuals with little to no experience in retail banking. In the beginning we had to stay one a month until 7:30. If your numbers are not where they want them to be, be prepared to stay twice a month. Compensation is not enough for the pay. My manager was great but we had no support from higher ups!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","August 12, 2019","3.0"
"fast paced and goal oriented","Great customers to serve and friendly co-workers. You must be able to handle even the most difficult customer. If you have a genuine love for people this may be a good fit for you.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 12, 2019","4.0"
"shut down the retail mortgage division in GA and North Florida and laid all of the retail MLO's off.","They have a very tough time outside of their main footprint states which are the Midwest. Have not made much of a dent in GA, AL, FL, etc. this bank will probably end up exiting the Southeast to focus on their better markets","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 12, 2019","1.0"
" this bank teller supervisor"," this bank is a pretty ok company to work for. My branch was in an awesome location. Even though my branch had a high turnover, I had the opportunity to work with some great people","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","400 market street","August 11, 2019","4.0"
"Programs to help you advance from within are a great help.","Decent place to work, benefits sucks! And I'm not sure why they expect us to dress up so much especially since many workers don't even see clients from behind the teller line. The bonus system is pretty competitive and some are unfair, like not being able to get credit for people who you know, even if you are the one who found the need. You should be able to just refer to another co-worker.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Michigan","August 11, 2019","4.0"
"Nice place to work","I loved working for this bank. They are a great company and I would recommend that you apply here. Once your in your in and the sky's the limit. You are promoted from with-in a lot. In all I was there for 10 years and resigned for other reasons. But I would work for them again.","Appraisal Reviewer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2019","5.0"
"Good company","Overall is a good company to work with. this bank, needs to improve employee benefits and pay rate . Upper management needs to get closer to lower associates and share common goals","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","August 10, 2019","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great place to work at because they care. If you have a family to raise financially it may not be the best move to make due to the salary of a teller. this bank has a great 401k and great benefits.","Head Teller","Current Employee","New York, NY","August 10, 2019","5.0"
"Far better choices","Low pay, lack of any care for employees, always under-staffed by choice. In some cases they couldn't even open branches because they did not have adequate staffing and would pull resources from managers who could keep their staff intact. Filled with upper management who only care about themselves and are career bankers. Zero ability to see big picture. Worst employer of my accomplished career.","Vice President","Former Employee","Georgia","August 9, 2019","1.0"
"Good place to work","The supervisors were great. Would go back if had a chance to, the pay was good for starting a new job. And the benefits were also good, 401k also very nice.","Teller","Former Employee","Huntley, IL","August 9, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work for entry level","Good place to work if you want an entry level job hard to advance beyond a certain point. Unless you are willing to move to Pittsburgh it is hard to find jobs past a certain level.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","August 8, 2019","3.0"
"Love this company","This company is amazing to work for. I am a college student, and they work great around my schedule. The work-life balance is amazing, they care about you as an individual and understand we have a life and family outside of work!","Teller","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","August 8, 2019","5.0"
"Excellent entry-level broker dealer positions","Due to the larger size of the company compared to other regional banks and bank broker dealers, there are a multitude of job opportunities available. The company does a good job of growing employees and promoting from within. Downsides include a less-than competitive compensation structure and having to drive & park downtown.","Central Review Principal","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 8, 2019","4.0"
"Leadership has no clue","I was making monthly incentive and when you got on the list for CD REVIEW you were on your way out thats what happened in march 2019 they let go 25% of there workforce just when business was picking up?? Now all the other employees are working long hours and MANDATORY OT.. REALLY WHAT HAPPENED TO A WORK LIFE BALANCE??","senior loan closing analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 8, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Is an excellent company to work for","Although I was in a contractor role, this bank was an excellent company to work for. Friendly atmosphere and the company has many core values that are employee focused, including work and life balance. I would highly recommend!","Risk Consultant","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","August 8, 2019","5.0"
"This is a sales position.","I was sold a completely different job at the interview. The promise was made of quick advancement and easy bonuses, none of which was true. They will tell you it's not a sales position, but it is. Training is minimal before they turn you loose in the branch. You wind up calling for support more often than you'd like, making your customer doubt your service.","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","August 7, 2019","2.0"
"Processor","I've been Processing for just over 3 years however, was never really trained to process and/or knowledgeable about the products & services, which with speaking to the borrowers would greatly help, however this does require time to educate all processors for a better customer experience and the maximum loans a processor should have is 30 in a pipe, in order to meet customer & company expectations","Loan Processor II","Current Employee","Antofagasta","August 7, 2019","4.0"
"thankgiving pot party","every coworkers would cook or bring a dish from home and be thankful for having a excellent teams and for hitting our goals. We also help each other for solving a customer issues.","FINANCIAL ADVISOR","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 7, 2019","3.0"
"Good for new and/or career bankers"," this bank goes out of their way to set their new hires up for success in banking, be they career bankers or just starting out in the industry. Always doing right by the client is the cornerstone of working for this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Current Employee","Vernon, NJ","August 7, 2019","4.0"
"All Bank Operations","Doing everything to run a branch and all operations while managing and coaching all the employees. Assist clients, read reports, analyze reports and trends to help improvement of sales.","Staff Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 7, 2019","2.0"
"Highly driven financial institution"," this bank is a forward thinking financial institution with upward movement in relationship to the various other large banks of the nation. this bank prides itself with great work/life balance.","AML Investigations Senior Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2019","3.0"
"An okay place to work","Days would sometimes be long, and management seemed to make you want to do way more than a loan officer would need to. I feel that we would end up processing a lot of the process, and many times having to calculate things ourselves instead of getting help from underwriting.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 6, 2019","3.0"
"Inviting community and coworkers"," this bank is an excellent bank to learn about the financial industry for someone with no experience. Excellent customer service for clients, great work-life balance, incentives, etc. Sales goals can sometimes be unrealistic. Regional Manager focuses on weaknesses and missed opportunities without congratulating strengths and accomplishments. I used to love my branch and the clients and I wanted to advance with them, but they make it impossible to get a promotion. If you are willing to put years of service into one branch, this is the job for you! If you are looking to grow with an organization, then it's possible but only if your are willing to relocate with every step.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Chapel Hill, NC","August 5, 2019","4.0"
"No work/life balance and management is cliquey","If you enjoy no work/life balance and 'management' that rewards brown nosing, apply. They are hands down the WORST company I've ever had the displeasure working at. I cannot think of one positive thing to say. Training is horrible, and they penalize you for going past break and lunch to help the customer.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 5, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to start your career","There is potential for a wonderful career for the right person. You must enjoy a highly regulated industry with strict policies and procedures. Management is set in their ways leaving very little room for improvement on processes. Co-workers and benefits are the best part of the job.","Support Representative II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 4, 2019","4.0"
"Diverse workplace with many different projects","Usually the day will begin with a daily standup meeting to set goals for the day and review what has been done. Then the day will begin in earnest with a mix of development work and possibly more meetings to discuss requirements and work through outside obstacles. The hardest part of the job is that there are multiple layers of permissions to acquire so the start of the job is very slow.","Java Web Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 4, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible Management","When you're hired for a job you EXPECT to do that job right?? Well that's not how this bank looks at things. I understand that you have to help out with certain things but when you don't get the proper training and then you're thrown out to the wolves is terrible. When you take the proper steps to discuss it you will get blackballed","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 4, 2019","3.0"
"Great culture.","A great company with excellent culture to work for that takes employee career development serious. Employees are great and fun to work with. Good work/life balance.","Development Program Analyst","Current Employee","Maryland","August 3, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work","Productive and fun place to work at. Everyone was really easy going and super nice. It was a great experience. The management is really strict but they push you to do your best.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lorain, OH","August 3, 2019","5.0"
"Treasury Management Client Care","Wonderful Job all around. Management kept things running smoothly while making it feel fun. They just need to pay more and provide better benefits and no one would ever leave.","Treasury Management Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 3, 2019","5.0"
"Good first job with no degree requirement","It's a sales job. You have goals and you're pressured to meet them. Hours are flexible but I always drew the short end of the stick. Working every holiday and most weekends. I'd get maybe 1 off a month. I've gone through 3 managers, going on 4 in less than a year. 2 of the managers were terrible. Absolutely terrible.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","August 2, 2019","2.0"
"Great company to work for","The problem with most large corporations is that you only as good as the people above you and if you have bad local management making poor decisions, effects the hiring and quality of workers which in turn diminishes the ability to do your job correctly.","NMLS","Current Employee","Bonita Springs, FL","August 2, 2019","4.0"
"Depends completely on management.","How the job functioned depended on communication and management. Very poor management at this location. Head teller would tell you one thing and branch manager would say another. Manager would assume you knew things and not tell you about changes, like alter your work schedule the day before. It gets very busy and there is no one to help you a lot of the time. Very stressful, there were never enough employees, because they would quit over the stress.","Teller","Former Employee","Lumberton, NJ","August 2, 2019","2.0"
"Best place to work in Pittsburgh","While you have to seek out your own advancement opportunities, the company culture and compensation is the best in the Pittsburgh area for large employers.","Program Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2019","4.0"
"My team was the best but the rest was a nightmare","I worked for this bank a little over 2 years. In the first 6 months I could tell the managements was trash. When I took a dif position I was targeted to get fired. My cases were being audited when no one else on the team was. All of my mis steps were brought to light, until they found something that could get me fired. My last paycheck was stolen from this bank as they made up some bogus reason as to why they docked my pay.","Retail Escalation Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 1, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to work.","I have responsibility for large, complex and sensitive assigned accounts/portfolio. Process and/or reconcile varied and moderately complex transactions in accordance with established polices and procedures.","COMMERCIAL LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 31, 2019","5.0"
"Encouraging management that was open to new ideas from employees","Atypical day off tax season was working to improve the departments functions, procedures and process to create a more efficient environment and to mitigate risk and provide consistency throughout the department. During tax season it was 6-7 days a week making sure all of the processes where working properly to ensure we could meet all tax deadlines.The culture on my team was one of openness and sharing of ideas to create better processes. The hardest part was making sure the department could meet the strict tax deadlines both internally and the ones placed by the taxing authorities. The most enjoyable part was being part of the leadership team and being able to affect positive change for efficiencies cost savings and mentoring other staff and problem solving issues.","AVP Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 31, 2019","4.0"
"Stay far away","New market manager and regional manager, putting employees Down, high turn over now, leadership is now a dictatorship, better have appointments or else the message literally given to management in retail branches. The requirements of the job daily not realistic. The culture was not like this, every employee is miserable, treated like your not a human. Not worth the salary. They promote employee development but they promote outside the company. Not worth the stress","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Michigan","July 30, 2019","1.0"
"Fast paced intense environment.","The job is high stress but fulfilling. There are many opportunities for advancement. The company places a priority on diversity and inclusion, and work-life balance.","Collections and Recovery Agent","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 30, 2019","5.0"
"Good company","Pay is not up to par Chase pays 18.00 an hour for call center work, but Management is good, monthly insensitive is great I think its up to 850 extra a month super easy to meet goal, customers are pretty easy did not have a lot of angry calls, If you honest with your manager about what is going on personal they will work with you on personal issues going on. Manager will push you in the right direction just let them know your goals. I worked from home they supplied equipment I did have to pay or my own internet which I was given mixed messages on from the start. depending on shift hours can very.","Customer Specialist Tier I Virtual","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 29, 2019","5.0"
"Upper management don't care","They just think clients are right all the time an if u speak ur option u get written up on top of they don't speak for their selfs. I wish i didn't quit because of the money but they stress u out there","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 29, 2019","3.0"
"Big Bank with small bank feeling","The bank has built a culture of small bank homely feeling, while able to be competitive with the bigger banks. Florida does differ from the other this bank Market, while its a newer market; it has excel at rapid rate.","Branch Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Boca Raton, FL","July 29, 2019","4.0"
"Old school banking operation","Solid organization. Going through some system changes right now. I would recommend to individuals looking to grow within the banking world. You can move around fairly easily if you are in the lower level positions.","Operations Manager II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 28, 2019","4.0"
"Awesome Work culture","Want to work for longer time in TCS but sometimes we need to grow and need to take further actions for personal development. Want to work again with this bank in future as full time employee.","ETL Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 27, 2019","5.0"
"Hostile environment. Never work for them again.","Management hostile and discriminatory. For example management brought cake in for everyone to share put it on back counter. I had a soda (closed) put on back counter and was yelled at for it in front of customers. The next day someone else put drink on back counter and nothing said. For whatever reason I was singled out. I also never got a raise in 18 months?","Teller","Former Employee","Edgewater, MD","July 27, 2019","1.0"
"has job security with no autonomy","The culture of this company has become stagnant and is not progressing. It is not a culture where an employee is able to thrive at this time. Hopefully the culture will progress soon","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 27, 2019","1.0"
"Stale growth"," this bank wasn't a bad place to work by any means but biggest complaints would be no salary increases and very little growth opportunity. Management tends to not be engaged with their teams and have very little offer by way of mentorship.","Senior CCAT Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 26, 2019","1.0"
"Not a place to recommend","This is a bank... With a mortgage company. Don't be fooled. There is very little chance this will be a life long move. Could possibly be a good place for someone who is a 2 yr veteran of the industry or perhaps a displaced MLO suck as someone who took a few yrs off for child bearing etc otherwise not recommended","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Berwyn, PA","July 26, 2019","2.0"
"Good people / Poor system","I worked as both an associate and a manager. I enjoyed the camaraderie of the teams and most of the employees. As regulations changed and a new system was brought it, things went south pretty quickly. The system was flawed and it was difficult to keep up with.","AVP Operations Manager","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 25, 2019","3.0"
"Just outgrown","Over 10yrs of my life.... All to be felt unvalued by upper management... Too many things to juggle... Job ever changing. NEVER praised for good work... Constantly told your not doing enough","Manager","Current Employee","Michigan","July 24, 2019","3.0"
"Educational Workplace but lacking flexibilty","Great place to learn new skills as they keep up with technology changes. However the flexible work environment is not very flexible and constantly changes every quarter depending on what new director thinks they know best.","DATA EXPERT","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2019","4.0"
"Great Company","Great company to advance in your career. If you're willing to learn and do things then you're able to advance quickly. Just like any other place.....you get paid for the quality of work you do!","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","July 22, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to start career","I enjoyed working as a Financial Sales Consultant at this bank. It is a fairly good place to work with good benefits for employees. However, in the department, I worked, there were a lot of turnovers.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible experience","Training was the best part. No flexibility with student schedules even though I was reassured by multiple people that wouldn't be an issue during the interview and training period. I had to call in sick once due to strep throat and an ear infection, I had a doctors note. I missed two other days of work due to an out of town funeral and had no access to a phone so I emailed my boss. 4 days later on my next shift I received an email from him stating that I had refused to adhere to company policy. Was fired as soon as I came in and told that the days missed for the funeral would be converted to paid sick leave. After he has been refusing to return my calls after $20 had been deposited into my account I was told by the call center there was nothing anyone could do as he had went against company policy. Livid is an understatement.","Teller","Former Employee","Portage, MI","July 22, 2019","2.0"
"Coworkers were friendly and productive, but I found management's support to be fleeting.","At the onset of my tenure, my manager and senior management above seemed very supportive, forthcoming, and positive. I did not have any previous experience in a banking environment, but everyone seemed much friendlier and more accommodating than I expected. However, I found support to be tenuous when it mattered. Although training was very good, there was not sufficient warnings against job-ending errors and infractions (mine included). In my short time, I've seen experienced tellers, bankers, and advisors forced into retirement and terminated with very thin cause to do so. It can be a nice place to work, but beware.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Ohio","July 22, 2019","3.0"
"well","very good job to have good for promotions and experience the money isn't the best as they are other banks out there that pay more and are better with bonuses","Teller Client Service Asst","Former Employee","Matawan, NJ","July 22, 2019","4.0"
"Disorganized and callous leadership","From the CEO down to departmental managers, the leadership team at this bank is a disorganized disgruntled mess that does NOT care about the non-salaried employees.","Ops","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 22, 2019","2.0"
"Very dedicated to customer service.","Best company I have worked for that is dedicated to employee well being and customer service. Tremendous benefits from Day 1. Company is large opportunity for advancement. Has very Strict Service Requirements for promotion is only downfall I see.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Aurora, IL","July 22, 2019","5.0"
"Management is terrible!","This place is a joke!! There in NO room for advancement!! The management is absolutely terrible, upper management does nothing to support the staff. HR & Ethics is a bunch of bologna. Don't take anything into consideration, automatically sides with the NEWLY employed manager from BOA whom always puts down her employees and talks about them to other employees... one bad customer service survey will put you in the red for the whole year and that is held against you for any raises or promotions! I should know! I had 18 shops! 17 perfect and ONE not!! Can't make them all happy!! But it was held against me and I was told that I needed to make an action plan to better my client experience! Save yourself the headache! My co-workers, including myself dread going to work everyday! It was never like this prior! We all enjoyed the place we worked! The keep hiring BOA manager who is trying to turn this place into BOA!","Banker","Current Employee","Lake Worth, FL","July 21, 2019","3.0"
"Great benefits, but my manager clearly didn't want me to advance","I have only worked here about 5 months but it's an incredibly easy job. I have been told by every coworker that i am the fastest teller to catch on. I talked to my manager about opportunities to advance and at first it was 6 months recommended but not required, then it was required 6 months, then it was 6 months to a year. I just don't like that although she says she succeeds when her staff succeeds she isn't actually doing anything to help that happen. She also tells me it's because I haven't mastered my position but tells me nothing that I can do to fix that. The teller lead is also very petty. She doesn't like doing her job and takes her sweet time greeting drive through, but gets snippy if we don't do it the second it happens. I think she's just insecure with her position because I honestly don't see how she is qualified for it. They promote people who don't follow the rules, but hold people back who have been told that they are the best teller there. It makes no sense. It's a great job if you don't get bored easily and you don't mind not advancing quickly. The benefits are great though and I'm very happy with the multiple health care options and the paid time off.","TELLER","Current Employee","PA","July 21, 2019","4.0"
"Great is you're a Banker...if not, not so great","Great Bank and great organization if you're a banker. Otherwise not a great place to work - lack of resources and leadership for peripheral businesses","Managing Director","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 21, 2019","3.0"
"Classic banking job"," this bank puts a lot of emphasis on work/life balance and several departments allow flexible work schedules. Benefits are competitive, but annual raises are nominal. Typical day at work includes lots of meetings with MIS, different areas of your department, and meetings with internal risk partners.","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 21, 2019","4.0"
"Great company but lots of talk about other employees from superiors","Great to Work for this bank. Just wish that mistakes weren't discussed among employees and instead should be addressed and employee even coached on for better understanding.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 20, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible place to work","I had to take some sick time off but because my branch manager loved to run his mouth and tell everyone business my leave was denied.. had to argue for days to get my final pay. Employee relations was rude and took the side of the branch manager. Not professional environment I would not recommend this job to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 19, 2019","1.0"
"intern","Overall, this bank had a great work culture. My boss was amazing, and very understanding, and willing to help me. I always felt included, but not challenged enough.","Business Banking Summer Analyst","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","July 19, 2019","4.0"
"Good career company","Great company, very good benefits. Well managed and willing to work with employees around schedule conflicts. Challenging and professional environment but high stress for certain job functions. Moving up the management scale is like most places now days, it's not what you know, but who you know. I was promoted several times but eventually, I hit a wall. That's when my 19 years of service ended.","will not disclose","Former Employee","will not disclose","July 17, 2019","4.0"
"Good job","I enjoy my work from home position with this bank Mortgage. They have fair wages and paid time off as well as the typical bank holidays off which is always nice.","Loan Closing Associate - Funder","Current Employee","Work from Home","July 17, 2019","5.0"
"Competitive, Very Client Centric Enviornment","Flexibility to work from home depending on your role. Encouraged and supported to continue your education, obtain licenses and credentials. Very team oriented.","Vice President Retirement Services","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","July 17, 2019","4.0"
"Nice Place to work"," this bank was a nice place to work. clean quiet environment and opportunity to work from home. Have to give it one star for job security because I was laid off due to cutbacks.","Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Akron, OH","July 17, 2019","3.0"
"very serious and quiet atmosphere","you handle a lot of money and deal with a lot of customers face to face as well as help introduce new accounts to the client as well as handle all of their banking needs while keeping a good attitude.","Drive thru","Former Employee","Pickerington, OH","July 17, 2019","4.0"
"Lots of goals to meet, a numbers game","More important to hurry your call vs good customer service and time to connect. Hard time understanding some customers due to accent. One person tells u a rule a d the next says it's wrong.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 16, 2019","3.0"
"I enjoyed working with the team i was on.","I enjoyed working for this company. I had to move out of state for family reasons and they were generous enough to move my employment to remote status. I was so very grateful tat they allowed me to work from home.","Loan Closing Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 15, 2019","3.0"
"Cashed checks and loans","Would start, make sure no one was in bank when opened. Then had to do presentations on credit cards, and if bosses didn't like it would have to do it again then next day, till the were satisfied","BSSR","Former Employee","McKees Rocks, PA","July 15, 2019","2.0"
"This was a good lace to work.","The company placed too much work on the mortgage loan officer to handle the majority of the loan processing responsibilities while at the same time not compensating the loan officer fairly for the work performed.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA 18901","July 15, 2019","3.0"
"Branch Sales and Service Represntative","Hired as a BSSR but the bank was under-staffed and I was made into a teller. Call center began routing phone calls to local branches so the phone rang off the hook constantly. Very challenging trying to provide qualtiy customer service under these conditions. Most days we did not get a lunch break. In my opinion upper management slashed headcount in branch banking too much.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Moon Township, PA","July 15, 2019","2.0"
"Terrible"," this bank starts off great, leaves you with high hopes for your future. You do pretty intense training but it is basically just how to use the extremely out of date software. After training, you are expected to know the ins and out of banking. No real training on the things you deal with day to day. Schedule changes daily and although you are told you have to work 1 Saturday a month, you end up working 3 if not 4. Upper management and HR is useless.","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Yardley, PA","July 14, 2019","2.0"
"A place to build experience","What I have learned about this bank is that the executives and upper management are highly guaranteed raises and advancement. While the lower management within the company gives praises for the employees work it is hard to move up if you are not a favorite. On the positive it is easy to build relationships with common coworkers. The most enjoyable part of the job were the coworkers.","OPERATIONS ANALYST II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2019","3.0"
"Not a friendly place to work"," this bank needs to get Managers that truly care about their job and not collecting a paycheck. Every branch is different. It is not the way they say it is. Random checks on branches to see if the culture of the company is the same across the board is need.","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","8 mile and Farmington","July 10, 2019","3.0"
"Poor management, potentially good company","In my personal experience I advise anyone who has an interest in working for this company to do your best to find a job downtown. The branch managers are incompetent and will fire anyone or throw you under the bus if it saves themselves. While I've heard nothing but great things in other departments, working in a branch, specifically with an unprofessional, uneducated manager where I worked will only cause loathing of the company.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2019","2.0"
"Great work/ life balance","Great program and benefits to employees, however pay isn't competitive to other financial institutions.Management is great in helping their employees get better acquainted with their duties.","Teller","Former Employee","Brooklyn, OH","July 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work!"," this bank is great if you have the right team and management. They have a great work life balance plan and benefits are pretty amazing! this bank listens to their employees and although it takes to see the change, in time change for the right happens.","Administrative Assistant I","Former Employee","Plantation, FL","July 10, 2019","5.0"
"Loved this bank","I loved the work environment at this bank. Very accommodating to college students. I would recommend when going to the interview to be yourself so they can see your uniqueness.","Reimbursement Specialist","Former Employee","1 financial parkway building B","July 10, 2019","4.0"
"More about making money than customer service","Training did not prepare you for day to day issues. Not prepare to open appropriate accounts for individuals. Selling pressure was a lot especially when it came to credit cards.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Buckingham, PA","July 9, 2019","3.0"
"I enjoyed going to work.","Enjoyed working there. Training was not as relevant as It should have been. Some of the parts of everyday Customer and sales activity such as appointment manager and insights systems was provided too late. They should have been taught much earlier in the process in order to complement the total BSSR sales objective earlier.","NLMS","Former Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","July 8, 2019","4.0"
"Great company","Great Company. Large focus on employee growth and development. Competitive Salary and work life balance. Customer service focus is also a great value that this bank stresses.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","LaGrange, GA","July 8, 2019","5.0"
"Solid Company","Solid company, provides good suite of products for the clients. Trouble with keeping bankers engaged and had a high turnover rate for both bankers and managers.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Menomonee Falls, WI","July 8, 2019","4.0"
"Branch was not friendly","Great training off site. Poor training and interaction at the branch. Extremely difficult co-workers. Job expectations required were not compensated for","Teller","Former Employee","Thurmont, MD","July 8, 2019","2.0"
"Outdated Penny-Pinchers","If the large banks were family members, this bank would be the crusty, mean grandfather, that never wants things to change. this bank lives in the past. The pay is far below average and health benefits are HDHP only. this bank's technology is horrible and usually doesn't work, even the customer facing technology. Shareholders love this bank, because this bank never spends money. That means no training opportunities, travel, or perks. If you are used to a company that invests in its employees, you will be very disappointed with this bank.","Cyber","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place to Work","In general its a great place to work. Good amout of vacation days and pretty good benefits. Great hours in retail banking. One of the best companies I have worked with.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 6, 2019","4.0"
"Overall the company is not bad; beware of bad management"," this bank overall is not a bad place to work (depending on your location and the turnover rate.) They have employee awards and events to attend. Volunteer hours that you get back as paid time off. They don't like overtime so you're more likely to leave on time and not have to worry about work after leaving. I went without a branch manager for well over half a year, picked up the slack, took care of things that I could. I wanted a position that involved operations and being a banker because I was doing the work without the compensation. I was denied. I then left the company and they put up an open position for operations and banker (the position I wanted) because they realized it was better to have a single banker do the excess rather than having the manager do everything and 4 bankers try to resolve audits, filing, etc. Highly disappointing.","Senior Private Banker","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","July 6, 2019","4.0"
"Been good so far","No complaints. Typical bank environment. Stingy at times, but taking steps to do all the right things. Good pay and decent benefits. Great location in Center City","Planning Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 5, 2019","4.0"
"Productive , Fun Place","Enjoyed my time at this bank. Managers and co-workers were great. The could be stressful at times due to deadlines. Overtime available. I did not have computer experience so I did a varieth of jobs, which I loved","Clerk11","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","July 5, 2019","5.0"
"Lack of Diversity, Clarity and Poor Leadership","As a black millennial male my voice was unheard, i was drowned in the conspiracy of the angry black man case. Diversity is not present or groomed. I had no support. Team members reported me for supervising and i was reprimanded by my assistant manager and DM without my story ever being considered. I was given a warning after my white male assistant manager reported that i scared him. In the days we we live this is no culture for a young black man. You are out numbered, your team can disrespect you and your cry will go on ignored, but if your cross one of them you will be punished and labled","Teller","Former Employee","Florida","July 4, 2019","1.0"
"positive","I served as a customer care professional assisting customer with their checking, savings and online banking assistance. Responsible for providing excellent customer services and maintaining and resolving customer's issues","Customer Care Professional","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 4, 2019","1.0"
"Good Entry","Hard to make determination on this bank as a whole, however at the corporate center I was at there seems to be little to no structure and very limited advancement. Good place to get your foot in the door in the financial field, but cannot see a career.","Senior Underwriter","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 2, 2019","3.0"
"n/a","it was so long ago i don't really remember much positive about it. the only negative i remember is the growth from within was close to impossible. and they laid off a lot","Treasury Management Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 2, 2019","3.0"
"Great Company","Just started working as a part time teller, and I can't wait to start full time with a different position hopefully on the back end. Really good experience on the front end though.","PT TELLER","Current Employee","Rockford, IL","July 1, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank has been a great place to work. They offer education reimbursement, pensions, even paternity leave outside of the normal benefits most places offer. They are willing to work with you to get you into better positions, and you can always try and advance your knowledge of the company. There are remote positions, and partially remote positions. I myself work from home 2 days a week, and I have 4 weeks of vacation time, swing holidays, and sick time. The only problems I have ever had with the company is the pay is generally on the low end of the scale compared to some competitors, but I have found the pension and other benefits make up for this. The organization is constantly changing as they expand into the West, so some positions change, butnif you are a hard worker, they will be sure you are moved to where you need to be in the company during these changes.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 1, 2019","5.0"
"Old school work environment","I was brought into the company and was provided only a week of training before i was thrown in. However i excelled I my role but was dealing with domestic violence at home in which after my 90 days my manager offered no type of leave after a hospital visit and terminated me. I have yet to receive a call to why etc or any explanation on filing a leave. I feel that although i held my end up on performance that didn't matter due to my at home life. I was thrown to the wolves and they fired me after i was a permanent employee.","Lock box processor","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 30, 2019","2.0"
"good place to grow","good place to grow in your career and network and meet others. lots of character development workshops. also get to work on your finances and learn what works for you.","Senior Database Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2019","4.0"
"Bring your own book of business","Very little ramp up period; not a lot of foot traffic so hard to get new prospects; integrity is an issue with management; focus is on revenue so extensively that customers best interest can be ignored (totally numbers driven); lot of turnover in financial services","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","GA","June 29, 2019","2.0"
"Quick paced work but I like this field so I enjoy it","My first 5 -7 years excellent after that the department changed contracts and it was down hill from there. Manager and employees on the this bank side where great I had to balance the contact company who were laborers who didn't care like I and the this bank did"," this bank arena","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","June 29, 2019","3.0"
"Fun at first but ended badly","Good hours, learned about auditing, management was quite good, some tense times with one person, dealing with person daily was hard, people were nice.","Auto Reconciler","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2019","4.0"
"Different than what I was use to","Great office environment, direct supervisor very responsive but hands were tied by upper management. The constant changing of P&P created a lot of turmoil between the Analysts and QA, which caused production issues.","Investigation Analyst","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 27, 2019","3.0"
"Great Company with a Good Philosophy for Business","Their theory of business culture was great, however, the requirements per person were not reasonable for the time a lotted to complete, and compensation did not support the job requirements & the amount of time needed to do what was required.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Bel Air, MD","June 26, 2019","4.0"
"High turnover rate","There was a very high turnover and they started to fall into the Wells Fargo business way. I was a floating teller, the pay was bad but the mileage check made up for it. After being there a year, I noticed they were focusing more on sales than the actual customer.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Norfolk, VA 23505","June 26, 2019","3.0"
"Heavy on sales above all else","Work is challenging with customers who do not want to be sold to, and yet we are required to sell to them. Will lose job if we don't get required sales and performance numbers. My main issue with this is that we say we focus on customer service, but really we focus on selling to the customer whether that is in their best interest or desire, or not. Also felt misled because interview seriously downplayed how huge sales would be, so I felt upset when I started and saw the actual requirements as opposed to what was discussed in interview.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","June 26, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is a great place to work","- this bank was the first job where i felt appreciated. -my manager was always pending to every single one of us. -great benefits. -good enviroment. -nice place to work.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","5460 South Central Blvd, Jupiter, Fl 33458","June 26, 2019","5.0"
"Introduction to the banking world.","Working at busy location gave me an undestanding for fast paced situations. I was given a lot of responsibilites that helped me understand how to multi task. Having multiple situations being ran at the same time gave me the ability to priotize my duties. Also having the ability to help the hispanic community understand the benefits of the banking world that they didn't know about.","TRANSLATOR","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 25, 2019","5.0"
"They do not pay enough. Way lower than other banks","Cheap company that wants to save every penny. Raises are almost none while the CEO takes home millions. I had a great manager. The company also needs more diversity in Senior Management positions.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 24, 2019","2.0"
"Decent Benefits Not great Hourly","Decent benefits. hourly pay not great. ability to move up not great. tons of turnover . only hire external management candidates. very old systems. tons of training","Branch Sales and Services Representative","Current Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","June 24, 2019","3.0"
"Managing Priority","The environment is a work in progress. People are aware but not concerned as long as their dashboard is clear. Meet people in different lines of business especially those you may have to work with and get an example of projects that went wrong and how they were handled. Also, job security...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 24, 2019","2.0"
"I valued my time at this bank and will use what I learned for many years to come","I enjoyed my time at this bank. The training was exceptional and I felt like part of the team from day one. My time there was valued and I will take what I learned to my next opportunity.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 24, 2019","4.0"
"Great starter job"," this bank was my first real job. My manager took a shot with me. The company is very sales oriented and focused on the incentive plan verses the actual salary. They provide great training to their employees , but managers it's kind of figure it out as you go.","BRANCH MANAGER MLO","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","June 23, 2019","4.0"
"CoWorkers are great.","For the most part, the management team is horrible. No other words to describe. When you have the opportunity to have a good manager typically they are beat down and tired.","Business Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 23, 2019","1.0"
"A sressful workplace for most associates","Perfect for those who could thrive on stress. Though my position was not a stressful one, too many employees from managers to tellers felt they could be terminated due to excessive unrealistic goals required to be met.","Credit Administrator II","Former Employee","Fruitland, MD","June 22, 2019","3.0"
"Family oriented","Being a single mom, this was the best company i had ever worked for. They try to work around childcare, family needs. They will work movingwith you because for them family comes first. I absolutely loved my job and was sad to leave but i was moving.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2019","5.0"
"Management is a gamble and it decides your happiness"," this bank has amazing benefits. Coworkers are awesome. incentive is sometimes hard to achieve depending on your location. So that means bonuses aren't as common as they let you believe in your interview. How you thrive really depends on how your manager trains you. Wage is really good though. Training program is great, long, and full of information. So if you like a challenge work here!","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 21, 2019","4.0"
"The Bank as a whole need some changes","The company's technology and policies needs a upgrade. Most banks have gone paperless and have mobile keypads. Management didn't cared about the well being of Tellers or Bankers. Management primary focus were the store's profit proxy. I have worked so much overtime voluntarily. I believed my contribution was helping the company. Instead of a thank you I got disciplined for it. My former manager had a nasty attitude. She was all about Drama, she delayed the Business hours because she was having an argument with her ex-husband","Teller","Former Employee","(Germantown) Philadelphia, PA","June 21, 2019","2.0"
"Productive positive work place","This company is committed to work life balance and customer excellence. I have grown and really flourished professionally during my time here and appreciate the stability of the job.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 21, 2019","4.0"
"Great servies for customers but micro manage the heck out of employees","Great services but employees micromanaged to point of exhaustion. Lack of leadership in Georgia market makes it hard for employees to care. Good benefits, however","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Alpharetta, GA","June 20, 2019","2.0"
"Nice place to wotk","I love working in passaic branch this bank, I was a teller peak time. My manager was great. Rhe hardest part was explaining customers the need ID to cash a check.","Head of the sample department","Former Employee","Passaic","June 19, 2019","5.0"
"Lack of Management","In the beginning, as always, everything seemed to be okay. My manager was OK but was not the best. Pretty much let us do whatever we want. Since there was a lack of staff, you find yourself doing everyone job. My manager was let go and this bank had us with no manager for 6 months. IT'S NOT OKAY! This caused us to go through many inconveniences and even jeopardize our career in banking. I had to quit because the regional manager had everything controlled and didn't care about the well being of the employees. She only cared about her numbers. Of course every region is different but keep this in mind when applying.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Union, NJ","June 19, 2019","1.0"
"CORE Values"," this bank provides excellent core values with an emphasis on integrity, respect, teamwork, diversity, performance and customer focus. Management is fair and provides tools to move employees forward.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","Youngstown, OH","June 19, 2019","5.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","Productive and fun workplace, when I was at this bank till 2011, this bank was really good place to work and this bank makes you feel you are part of the company. I really missed this bank when I left the company.","Systems Integrator I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2019","5.0"
" this bank makes it difficult to develop outside business","Restrictive underwriting and poor processing combined with a anti sales culture make it very difficult to develop consistent outside business. They have lost key management as they have take away incentive from sales staff","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Mercer County, NJ","June 19, 2019","3.0"
"Rewarding Career"," this bank is an organization that cares about its employees. They support career growth, provide you with multiple tools to expand your knowledge, they offer incredible benefits and they work with you so you can find the work/life balance that works for you.","Operations Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 18, 2019","5.0"
"gave me a good knowledge about the financial consultation","Learned a lot from the Company. Giving financial consultation to custom, opening new account, credit cards and all type of loans. The most enjoyable part of this job is helping customer with their financial needs with the best fit for them","Branch Sales and service Associate","Current Employee","Ashburn, VA","June 17, 2019","5.0"
"Great 9 to 5","If you are looking for a job that is very specific in time then this bank is a great 9 to 5p with possibly extra hours on Sat. if needed. Never a full day always 9a to 2p.","Teller","Former Employee","Swissvale, PA","June 17, 2019","4.0"
"Higher Learning","Some of the managers at this bank encourage continuing education. Satisfying the customer is always number one. Working with an eclectic group of co-workers is exciting. Diversity training is one of the best I have seen corporately.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 17, 2019","4.0"
"Demanding deadlines","When I was employed at this bank I was not happy with the amount of pushiness that upper management was giving. They wanted me to offer every person a credit card, even if they had previously declined within a week.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","June 17, 2019","3.0"
"An almost great experience","I loved this company. I was looking forward to relocating and retiring with this organization. Although they claim not to hard sell to customers like Wells Fargo, that was not the case. When you achieved your goals, you were rewarded. I would still be there if I was not a scapegoat for the unethical behavior of my co-workers.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New Hope, PA","June 15, 2019","5.0"
"Training","Proactivly adjusting their training on feedback but with constant changes, part timers can see lack of information at times. Training is full time hours but then after training its an immediate 20-30 hours a week with little option to get second PT job, best for college students and those needing another job but not for those who need full time quicker than 8 weeks.","CUSTOMER CALL CENTER CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2019","4.0"
"Aggressive and goal-oriented","I am not able to write a very thorough or detailed review due to my tenure at the company being so short. That was due to the fact that the project that we were to work on got pulled and a minimum of 18 month delay being put on it due to the subject matter experts being pulled into another, similar project so one had to take a back seat.","Senior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2019","4.0"
"Nice place, great people","The hardest part of the job is feel like they don't understand the priority's, between family and job. I learned a bunch about money, credit, mortgages, the process of borrow and more. I enjoy a lot the people and by able to help the Hispanic people because I am bilingual.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","June 13, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","Overall I thought that this bank was a good place to work. The people there are wonderful and friendly. The department that I work in had very helpful people.","Document Scanning Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","June 13, 2019","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank has a great workplace culture and the management is at best, standard. Has great cross training opportunities for Universal Banking positions but does lack on keeping current employees interested and engage because of turnover.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","June 12, 2019","3.0"
"It was ok","It was a entry level job, nothing special about it. The stress level was big But it was ok. they have changed from the pass. I think they are better now","Teller","Former Employee","Boynton Beach, FL","June 12, 2019","4.0"
"High pressure to reach sales goals","This company is driven only by meeting sales goals and expects you to hit unrealistic goals. Your job performance is sometimes skewed because of third parties in the company not doing their jobs in a timely manner.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Wooster, OH","June 11, 2019","3.0"
"Great company to work for!","I loved working at this bank, from working at other banks the entire experience is much more rewarding. District managers actually know your name, instead of just being another face. They promote within a lot, which gives more drive for employees to become better and strive for their true niche.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Wauwatosa, WI","June 11, 2019","5.0"
"Productive work place"," this bank is by far a wonderful work environment. Hours are normally 9 to 6 and their company values are wonderful. I love the fast pace and customer interactions that happen on a daily basis. Truly a wonderful environment.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great benefits for new parents"," this bank has 6 weeks paid parental leave for all new parents. Health insurance is about average to what is out there, 401k match and a pension are nice, but overall salary is lacking competitiveness for similar jobs. Environment is very sales driven and you will be held accountable for not producing sales.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Archdale, NC","June 10, 2019","4.0"
"great culture","great culture needs better pay compensation but a great place to start. Company culture definitely makes it one of the best places to work and the type of focus they have on the future of banking ensures it will be a bank for the future.","Senior Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 10, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Review"," this bank is a great company to work for. I worked for this bank for 5 years, and would like to return the atmosphere is wonderful and the co workers are great to work with.","Senior Associate Compliance","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2019","4.0"
"Its all about the numbers and i liked my job","Don't get the flu are lose your voice because you could only get 6 days out that our Calendar year or you need to go on short term disability. We have a schedule inherence to go by so no bathroom breaks if you're not schedule to have a break. If you miss your break or lunch at hurts your schedule adherence and your scores go down. My break times on lunch was different everyday it was even out a point that My schudule start times was different every day to for months. You get in trouble you don't know why you got in trouble days later or months later. There was so many Tech issues thats not coded off a responsible for having Tech issues. I learned more by being on the phones and teach myself than I did from the training. a lot of information i was told to was wrong he had to figure out alone. Customer are at you because of fees, phone supervisors don't want you to ask for help. Other departments don't want to take designated call and your tl will ignore you if your numbers aren't high. The people who listen to calls go through them to find the smallest mistake. Choose this job if u want to be stress out.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2019","2.0"
"No management support. Short staff, and unsafe","The this bank name is well know, yet the way businesses is handled doesn't go hand by hand. Additionally, the safety was a risky issue since to access the bolt was not protected","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Garner, NC","June 8, 2019","4.0"
"I loved working here!","Such a good place to work! Opportunity for advancement. Managers want you to succeed. Training is amazing! I definitely recommend working here. I had to leave due to health issues and they don't offer part time","Universal Banker I","Former Employee","O'Fallon, MO","June 7, 2019","4.0"
"stressful job","call center for a bank - stressful. you can get near perfect scores but they will find a way to pick at you. you are told there is no script -- then are told you aren't saying the words they want to hear.","Core Service Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 7, 2019","3.0"
"Varies on office","Program was not very well organized and had a hard time retaining any talent whatsoever. Pay is below average, slow pace of work in office I was in. Hours are not bad at all.","ACCEL Development Program Associate","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","June 6, 2019","3.0"
"Fun workplace"," this bank is a well-balanced company. Things to consider are as follows: a very diverse company. Very good benefits, competitive salary and up-to-date technology.","Software Engineer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 6, 2019","4.0"
"HIt or Miss","I have been very successful here. Avoid working with Pam in The Montgomery county Area. They point out more of negative impact than Recognizing success. There are a lot of positive people willing to help you.","Small Business Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Montgomery County, MD","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"going no where","poor place to work no compassion for the employees. enough said. the management was more interested in the numbers than the employees or even the customers...","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 5, 2019","1.0"
"A work culture that empowers you as the success driver, celebrates diversity, promotes volunteerism, and encourages engagement","They have created a culture that empowers you to seek out training. As well as position yourself for career advancement with well defined career path guides.","Business Analyst - IT","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 5, 2019","4.0"
"Love","Love it at this bank. Pay is very competitive. Very good company to work for. Very customer focused and truly cares about the customers and also employees. Very good about promotion within!","Teller Lead","Current Employee","New Philadelphia, OH","June 5, 2019","5.0"
"Ousted to get someone else in","Don't see why after so many years working there, they hired a person (BOA) who was not fit for the job. The only thing she wanted to do was clean up house so that she can bring in others. Was not even out the door, when she already posted my position, weeks ago.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lake Worth, FL","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"It will do","My manger is great! Some are not so much. Promotions are pretty much prepicked for any advancement opening and the salary could be higher. Things should be more fair across the board.","Late Stage Support Spec Sr","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"It was alright work place","Consistently late and can not keep personal life out of business. Manager wasn't around.a lot of gossiping. i did learn how to cash all types of checks. The hardest was learning how to cash bonds.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"Branch Management","/As a leader of one of the larger City locations my daily responsibilities consist of leading my Team in sales results, cash management, proficiency in operations, coaching and developing & Human Resources.I enjoy my Team and partners immensely and the hardest part of my job is when disciplinary action comes to play","AVP Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore City, MD","June 5, 2019","4.0"
"Think twice before you go to this bank","Let me start by saying... I was not fired and I do not have an axe to grind with this bank. I spent a few years there and it was one of the most highly disorganized places to work with unrealistic goals. They will promise you the world but never deliver on their end of the bargain. When I was there the turnover was the worst I have ever seen. They could not keep anyone staffed. they moved new leadership down from Pittsburgh to change the direction of the bank. The senior leadership team could careless about the employees. They only care about hitting goals at ANY cost.The entire state of NC is ran by people who treat the employees like livestock. They use you and dispose of you when you no longer hit the unrealistic goals. They will write you up and fire you at the drop of a hat. this bank has almost no market share in NC but they will expect you to produce the same numbers as your counterparts in Pittsburgh. Makes little to no sense. Everyone that is in a sales role there is miserable and constantly looking for a way out. I am happily employed at a smaller community bank and could not be happier. Please think twice before you do the mega bank route. You will live to regret it.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Raleigh-Durham, NC","June 4, 2019","1.0"
"My branch was good the rest was bad","Micromanagement badly, my manager was so stress out that she couldn't do her job so she was in so many phone calls that she need to delegate, we have so unnecessary dally phone calls, working there is the worst and the regional manager in Florida the worst. Training is a joke and you do something good nothing happened but if you do something bad or not reach your goals the whole world knows about it!!! Trust take my advice so not work there. To me worst place to work.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Naples, FL","June 4, 2019","1.0"
"Great leadership and empowerment of employees inspire achievemet","Clear focus and commitment on employee development to prepare for next level opportunity and contribution. Numerous strategies in place to provide a world class customer service and sales experience.","Bus Bkg Care Center Sales and Service Group Leader","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 3, 2019","4.0"
"Good, stable company with a strong focus on work - life balance.","Good place to work; very focused on community involvement and offers many ways for employees to engage in area functions. Internal education for professional development as well as encouraging healthy living programs.","Business Analyst I, Non-tech","Current Employee","NA","June 3, 2019","4.0"
"They basically treat you like children...","It was mostly my trainer/facilitator that turned me off after I accepted my new position. First off, I was expecting the typical call center environment, but I was not expecting the whole brainwash theatrics regarding how rewarding it is to work for $15.00 an hour (which is still considered poverty level) and how much this bank and its CEO want you to succeed and move up within their company. Of course, working for someone else will always keep them at the top, and you as a replaceble employee, so please spare me. Anyways, my facilitator talked about how micromanaging is what they do not do - that was a lie. She literally admitted to moving/zooming our cameras around during virtual training in order to see if we were on our phones and/or doing other things. One day, my system froze, and I could not click my camera back on when we returned from break, so I told her (via phone) that I was here but may have to restart my computer due to it being frozen. She responds passive aggressively by stating 'we returned from break a few minutes ago but thanks for telling me'. Ma'am, we returned from break at 9:48AM. It is now 9:50AM. I tried to get the computer to work for 2 minutes before saying anything; sorry if that was too long. They basically treat you like children by constantly threatening to report those two minute 'tardies' to the Line of Business. Who really cares? The only thing I am glad about is that I did not accept a full time offer. That way, I do not spend all day working a position I am unhappy with. Use this job until you find something better (or finish school - more...","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","June 3, 2019","1.0"
"Not worth it.","Company offers a good pay grade for what seems like an easy job. Literally just getting yelled at all day about things that policy won't let you fix for them. Stuck in one position for a year before you can move to a different area. Managers never want to help with anything.","CREDIT CARD CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 2, 2019","2.0"
"fast paced enviornment","Benefits are great Management is professional, coworkers are friendly some days are very busy and some days slow during downtime we can get extra training.","Card Loss Prevention","Current Employee","North Carolina","May 31, 2019","5.0"
"It was a very supporting fun place to work"," this bank was a great place to do my internship, I was able to learn a lot and was given a great amount of support to do my daily job.The training program was great! as it was long and extensive on auditing.","Field Exam Intern","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 31, 2019","5.0"
"Conservative Bank"," this bank is a large, conservative bank. Credit/risk runs the show. It is a well run and well managed bank. Corporate culture was toxic at times with new managers coming in to our business unit. Didn't make for a productive environment. That said, lots of quality employees.","Vice President","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 31, 2019","4.0"
"Branch Employee","Working at the branch was an easy if somewhat boring day to day job. There was never quite enough work to keep you busy all times of the day and the opportunities for advancement were difficult with most branches having a veteran staff who were content with their placement unless you wanted to move to a branch with over an hour commute time.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Former Employee","Brownstown, MI","May 30, 2019","4.0"
"n/a","same if your boss has an issue with you you don't get paid senior and to get bonus you depend on the customers if they like you or not and if they are in a good mood","Bilingual Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2019","3.0"
"Good place to work, very corporate.","Definition corporate banking job. Its great money for lower positions such as tellers (full benefits for full time and partial benefits for part time). Cool people just very structured.","Client Solutions Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2019","5.0"
"Working for this bank","Overall is good, the only thing that I don't like is the salary. Salary is too poor for the amount of responsibility you have to deal with. Then advancement is possible but they don't offer you much money to advance you."," this bank","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA","May 29, 2019","4.0"
"Management HARASSES you to sell","Most stressful job I have ever had. At the end I was having panic attacks every morning before walking in to start my shift. I felt harassed by Management to meet quotas. I do not have a problem referring and selling. The majority of our clients were Elderly and on a fixed income. I could not sell lines of credit to them, that they could not afford. I couldn't sell home equity lines of credit to people who were renting, mostly in a fixed income complex. The pay is a SLAP IN THE FACE! I made a little over $9 at the end.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 29, 2019","1.0"
"Work environment has changed","Flexible work time was removed last year, now the best employees are leaving. It's a shame, it used to be a pretty good place to work, and it wasn't a big deal that it paid less.","General staff","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","May 28, 2019","2.0"
"Wouldn't recommend unless desperate","Besides the other employees at the branch where I worked and my manager it was very stressful. The support was the worst, I've worked in previous banks and when needing to contact support were always reliable. Then comes this bank and all they do is email you a link and be like there you go. Defeats the purpose of calling and requesting support. This place has the worst training, it's broken off in monthly or bimonthly training sessions. So while you're already working at the branch taking care of some customers with other it's like I can't help you with that despite working here for more than 3 months I haven't done my training to use the software to open an account, or be able to submit an application for another 2 months once you do training on loans.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Georgia","May 28, 2019","2.0"
"Big bank culture, without the perks","Immediate work group is great and very supportive but there are a lot of managers and you are constantly being pulled in many different directions. The work life balance is great and the pay is average.","Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","May 27, 2019","4.0"
"Good company to work for. Good opportunities to learn & advance","Best WorkPlace For Women & Diverse Managers, Diversity MBA Magazine. -100 Best Companies for Working Mothers, Working Mother Magazine. -Top 100 Sustainable Companies in the World, Corporate Knights. -Top 20 Most Generous Fortune 500 Companies","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 25, 2019","5.0"
"Ok place to work was a basic job people come and go and some stay","Ok job but has very high turn over rate and they lack in training you adequately and will terminate the role you are hired for and give a new role without proper notice","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 24, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to work","Loved working part time - great customers and staff. They care about your career and give you lots of opportunities for advancement. Only wish they had branches in Nashville","RETAIL BANKING OPERATIONS","Former Employee","North Canton, OH","May 24, 2019","4.0"
"Not ver productive","The job was very insecure and a lot of sales pressures. The local management was very uncooperative. To get advise from the management was always discouraged and shrugged off saying ' take responsibility'. Specially for new employee, the help and professional assistance from the local management was none. Too much responsibility with too little training and assistance. The division of responsibility was not fair and evenly shared.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","May 24, 2019","1.0"
"Branch Management","Responsible for all aspects of branch production and personnel. Extensive overtime with poor support from higher management. Great place to meet and get to know the community but continuously met and competed with other managers in same region for customers and business.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Whippany, NJ","May 23, 2019","1.0"
"Its what you make of it","All of the tools are there for advancement and growth you just have to go get it they will give you enough rope to hang your self but the opportunity is there","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Virtual","May 23, 2019","5.0"
"Upper Management is terrible","I was sexually harassed and cursed out by customers when I brought it to their attention I was told 'just don't wait on those clients.' I worked hard coming in when the street were paved with ice. The new Regional manger was terrible,she would look me up and down. She clearly didn't care for me.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","May 23, 2019","1.0"
"Good Company to Work for overall","Enjoyed my time working for the company. Overall good management time and ample on the job training. I only left the company for a better opportunity. It was an opportunity for more growth and ability to make more money."," this bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","May 23, 2019","4.0"
"Accounting and Finance Professionals Beware"," this bank is the place for you if you value highly charged political environments, 1% to 2% raises, stagnant career development and advancement, poor management, red tape, and outdated systems. Definitely apply for a role in one of the businesses if nightmarish forecasting and budgeting processes presided over by micro-managers is your thing, People who are not able to do more with less while warding off armies of risk and internal audit professionals need not apply.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2019","2.0"
"Great company to work for!!","In regards to my position and the company as a whole. It has been a relatively positive experience. I have enjoyed my time with the company so far. With a few ups and downs with management cant complain.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","May 23, 2019","5.0"
"Opportunity to work from home","Honestly this was a Good experience, I worked from home and was able to help thousands of people. This added to life perspectives. Unfortunately team leads and management will not actually be there for you. They will give you advice but not solid advice, if you do make a mistake. It will take them a very long time to help you and you could possibly get fired for simple mistakes. Training is very vague..... you will learn everything you need to know once this bank throws you into the game.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","May 23, 2019","4.0"
"great opportunities","great opportunities follow you. the system is made in a way to appreciate and recognize every move . there is a fare amount of trainings for different topics that could help in getting better results.","Service Associate","Current Employee","South Palm Beach, FL","May 22, 2019","4.0"
"Benefits"," this bank offers a top level benefit program and provides PM's the opportunity to work from home 2-days per week. Working at home provides the opportunity to reduce stress from being in the office.","Program Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2019","3.0"
"compensation was very unfair","with a position as such and the demand to service the branches a guaranteed salary needs to be given. the new system for LOS was not user friendly and the training was minimal.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","DuBois, PA 15801","May 22, 2019","1.0"
"Last resort of Banks to work for","Employed 3 years, wasn't trying to make career of it. pay was ok at first . Based on your yearly performance you may get a raise here and there but they are the lowest paying banks. It's all about politics with this company. at least the Baltimore region that is. you won't advance unless you sucker up to the big wigs and Exceed sale goals. They definitely are all about the numbers. forget the effort . Overall the managers suck. Yes they are under a lot of pressure but majority of them aren't qualified. Managers don't know how to be respectful or simple duties of the job but are hired but then leave or fired not to long after. The benefits are ok, not for if you have a big family. They definitely are conniving. Don't trust anyone . If the company feels like your time has come to an end or whatever the case they will find something to terminate you over, no warning or anything. Doesn't matter how long you have been there or sales or good employee. A lot of secretive unexplainable things will happen and nothing you can do. All they care about is revenue. And give you a little tiny raise to make up for treating you like nothing. Personal life is out the Question. There would be some that would work every day and weekend. But Ofcourse not allowed overtime. Job was very draining and led a lot of people to depression or quitting. Definitely do not stay longer than 1 or 2 yrs if you wanna maintain your sanity. Get the training and leave as soon as you can, preferably another bank . They'll pay more and be happy you're already experienced.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 22, 2019","2.0"
"nice place to work","• Effectively manage all of the risks associated with the business objectives and activities. • Knowledge of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions. • Awareness of successful approaches, tools, and techniques for dealing with changes and adapting to a fluctuating environment; aptitude to adapt as needed. • Ability to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions. • Understanding of and capability to bring a reported problems to successful resolution.","Client Solutions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"I enjoyed my job","If I hadn't have quit to be a caregiver for my grandparents before my grandfather passed I would still be working there. But I was needed and it was very important to me to help them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Port Richey, FL","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"Decent","Very laid back company. This is a subdivision of this bank, but it's not as professional. Good work environment as in the people that work here. Lots of opportunity with different job titles.","Client Solution Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Horsham, PA","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"Balanced and Supportive","There are a lot of benefits the this bank offers. They have a wellness program that is highly beneficial with other resources as well for things such as adoption support, counseling support, with may others.","Teller","Former Employee","Jackson, MI","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"Depends on the department no work life balance."," this bank offers on line training courses. Promotion is very unlikely depending on the department you are in. Benefits could be better for the monthly premium you pay. Once you are displaced or laid off very seldom do you get hire back within a year. Recruiter assigned to assist with the lay off and help placement is a joke. No assistance at all. Departments in other areas claim they promote within. No offers once you are displaced. Bank is known to mass hire for projects and lay-off after projects are done.","Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","2.0"
"Overall it is a good place to work.","There could continue to be more work on diversity and inclusion as the job grades get higher. Also, would like to see more opportunites for growth for existing employees.","Operations Production and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","4.0"
"Good Company","I enjoyed my time at this bank NA. I only left due to a poor management situation in my internal audit role. I would like to work for this company again someday in the future.","Regional Supervisory Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","5.0"
"I liked this position","My immediate supervisor was racist and didn'tblike me because I don't have a religion, butbother than that i really loved this job. Creating and tailoring letters of credit was really fun.","Tsr its stblc","multiple positions","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is the best"," this bank is one of the best employer to work for. With over 6 weeks of parental leave, and a constant focus on the employees, i would highly recommend this bank.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","May 19, 2019","5.0"
"n/a"," this bank was an amazing experience. Thank you for the chance as a first time employer ever. this bank was a great learning mark in my life. I recommend this bank bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","May 19, 2019","5.0"
"Good People, Stressful workplace","I worked at two different this bank's within the 1 year that I worked there. I worked in Dayton Oho, on Main street and then in Pittsburgh my hometown. this bank was the first job I got out of college. It wasn't in my field but I felt it was a great job to start out with, and a way to learn and network. I learned a lot working at this bank, I barely new how to read large numbers, right out checks, I didn't know what a cash advanced was or money market. So I'm very thankful for what I learned. But both managers I had made the job extremely stressful. My manger in Ohio was very demanding, intimidating, and rude. Several workers left the branch under her watch, My manager in Pittsburgh wasn't really a team player and she was never in the branch, it seemed like she would purposely make herself busy so she wouldn't have to be around us or customers, She was very back and fourth with rules. People kept leaving and transferring from that branch to . including our lead teller, so once she left me and one other girl had to basically be the lead teller and take on all the responsibilities without being paid extra or being trained really.","Teller","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","May 19, 2019","3.0"
"Lots of opportunities","Lots of career advancement opportunities. Overall excellent company values and ideals. Company culture is all about community involvement and maintaining an excellent reputation in the marketplace","Business Analysis Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 19, 2019","4.0"
"Horrible place to work","This place paid descent the supervisors were rude and very condescending, not understanding at all it was like high school. It's a great place for someone straight out of college","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 18, 2019","3.0"
"Such an amazing opportunity","Before I first started with this bank I was a small town shop manager. This company gave me the opportunity to grow up and become the person I've wanted to be. Pay could always be higher but with the sales opportunity you're able to make as much money as you want if you want it bad enough.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Indiana","May 17, 2019","5.0"
"Overall a great career","It is a fantastic starting career with large amounts of growth as long as you are a disciplined person. The job is not hard as long as you crack down on the metrics and really focus on the goals within the job. Management is fantastic and 100% all about their employees comfort as well as customers.","Tier II Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","9th st Kalamazoo mi","May 17, 2019","5.0"
"No comment","I worked as a personal banker here. I enjoyed the personal relationships I built with clients. I gained a lot of experience and excelled at product sales.","Services Associate","Former Employee","Clifton Heights, OH","May 17, 2019","2.0"
"review."," this bank is a great financial institution from a consumer's standpoint. From the stand point of a former employee, it is a very big head ache. All this bank focuses on is Credit Card and Credit Cards, oh and more credit cards. It seems like a place that focuses on helping it's clients but it seems that is not the case when the only recognition people receive is abut how many credit cards they put into peoples pockets.","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","NC","May 17, 2019","2.0"
"Good job while I am in school.","I've been at this bank for 2 years, and I've been full time for 1 year. My branch is great, everyone is super friendly and helpful. However, my BM isn't the best... Yes there are goals you have to meet but they aren't breathing down my neck to meet them. I mostly know all my clients that come in so once you get the hang of it and get familiar, selling products will come naturally. This was my first bank job.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Palm Beach Gardens, FL","May 16, 2019","5.0"
"Typical day","Typical day is high energy, fast service, meet lots of different people, a lot of business owners.I learned how to be patient and listen to the customer no matter if they are right or wrong, never say I can't and to always give them more than option.","Teller","Current Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","May 16, 2019","5.0"
"Okay place to work, management sucks","Make decent money but the management doesn't want you to advance and become better. You can have the best performance for the month and still can't get the shift you want, the position you want etc. All they do is micromanage & be in your business.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 15, 2019","3.0"
" this bank","I really appreciate and thank you so much for all of the opportunities this company has provided me which has not only helped but, is helping me to grow technically, professionally as well as personally. I have learned so much in these past 2 years (and still learning from this great place), and will never forget the kindness of management and all of my colleagues. Makepositve is just filled with lots of opportunities at every level of career. Awesome people to work with, always ready to help, encourage and support... be it technical or personal. Manager: Has always been a friend more than a Manager.","Senior Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 15, 2019","4.0"
"Blah","The company was great when I first started but changed a lot of the last several years after the other large bank got into trouble and fined! Not as fun as it used to be all about numbers all the time","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Springfield, IL","May 14, 2019","3.0"
"Nice environment to work.","They were constantly laying people off and threatening to lay off, even recently hired people. Other than lack of job security it was a nice place to work.","Claims Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 14, 2019","4.0"
"Not a Good place for Work/ Life Balance","Not a Good place for Work/ Life Balance. I was hired as a permanent employee to work at the Branch in North Seminole county, not as a float staff. They would wait until I got to the office to tell me they needed me in West Orange County. The drive alone was over an hour. They should have let me know the day prior if there was a staffing issue. If I said anything about it I was pulled in the office and told I was not a team player and that I was embarrassing the manager.","Consumer Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Sanford, FL","May 14, 2019","3.0"
"Fair Enough","The people who work at this bank are what makes it great. It's a shame that the organization doesn't put more value on their human capital. Instead of reporting their billions of net gain every quarter, maybe they should work on fair pay for all their employees.","Client Service Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 14, 2019","4.0"
"Great to learn all the different loan types","Nothing positive to say about them. It was a great opportunity to learn the mortgage business however this bank had a lot of Racist and friend based promotions on the operation end of the business. On the servicing end of the business it was more diverse.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 14, 2019","1.0"
"Okay place to work","It seems with this company if you do less than your job is described you are bowed down to. But for those who pick up the slack of others and bust their butts you don't get ahead instead you are treated like garbage.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","May 14, 2019","3.0"
"Good compensation"," this bank is a great place to work with outstanding benefits. There is a family type atmosphere that is contagious from the second you walk through the door.","MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 14, 2019","4.0"
"Overall great starting place for young professionals","I had a great experience during my internship at this bank in which I was able to shadow many different positions and partners within the bank, and was given many great experience opportunities that I otherwise might not have had.","Retail Banking Intern","Former Employee","Troy, MI","May 13, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work, management is not where it should be.","I love my job. The pay was great and the benefits weren't that bad either. The job lacked management and consistency. There were too many chiefs and not enough Indians and no one controlled it. The employees act like children and the drama is unbearable but no one controls it.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","May 13, 2019","4.0"
"None","Nothing good to say about this bank. No work life balance. As a branch manager you are expected to work 6 days a week, you are expected to make up for the sales under-performing branches don't make, and if you develop a good employee, expect them to be moved to another location.","VP","Former Employee","Tinley Park, IL","May 13, 2019","2.0"
"Workplace friendly people","I learned how to organize my time. Management was nice and helpful. Work place culture was friendly The hardest part of the job was the goals. The most enjoyable was achieving goals per day","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2019","5.0"
"Stressful...tellers are forced to sell products","I liked being a teller, however this bank forces tellers to push products on every single customer, even those you would see ever day. Tellers should be able to provide customer service, not pushing products the customers don't ask for or want. To this day I have flashback nightmares of my manager criticizing our work. For this they paid a full time teller 9$ an hour. Benefits were good, as they should be at a large company. Every day we had a morning meeting on performance, what to push to customers, and this bank calls customers for feedback on employee performance and if you got less than 5 out of 5 you were not doing good enough. Also, as a teller, we had to cold call customers after work periodically to sell them financial services.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Chestertown, MD","May 13, 2019","1.0"
"Benefits"," this bank provides opportunities to grow in your career and benefits to support the initiative. Unfortunately those benefits and opportunities are generally located in the larger areas with a higher concentration of employees, such as Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. Cincinnati does not have a high enough concentration of employees to have access to benefits such as, sick child care, on-site lunch facilities, etc.","Senior Vice President","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 12, 2019","3.0"
"Typical day","I manage the day to day work flow of our department. I coach consultants accordingly. I support customer and service partners by helping to answer inbound calls.","IRA Operations Work Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2019","5.0"
"Productive workplace","I've learned to Work faster on the computer. The hardest part of the job is trying to keep all the customers satisfied. Easiest is giving them ways to be more established financially","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 11, 2019","4.0"
"Productive with very stressful work with no pay increase to match level of work that was expected of me each day","I have been with this bank since it was formerly bank N Bank and I was displaced in 2014 and now I have the fun of it happening again. I need to work.","Title Perfection Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 10, 2019","3.0"
"Wants you to enjoy being at work.","Lots of activities to ensure department community atmosphere. Over and above during Customer Appreciation Week. Holds a slight standard of perfection regarding promotions, but will allow you to cross-train as well as take on additional tasks.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 10, 2019","4.0"
"Fast paced highly secure work environment","* Constant changes- company and environment. * High goals. * Micro management. * Friendly environment. * Emphasis on customer satisfaction. * Small opportunity for advancement unless willing to relocate","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","May 10, 2019","4.0"
"Great Pay, Amazing boss","I was a Loan Closer with this bank I loved my boss, she did not micromanage, and she was encouraging. The pay I received while I was there was a good pay rate per hour. Job security however leaved much to be desired, they would cut anyone and everyone at the drop of a dime. They would not even offer other positions within the company before getting rid of you. Other than that it was a good experience.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 9, 2019","3.0"
"Good workplace","Direct managers are wonderful to work with. My manager takes an active interest in my development with my career and me personally. We are given 40 hours per year paid to do sanctioned volunteer projects. This contributes to a positive work life balance.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 7, 2019","4.0"
"Horrible","Pros: - My co-workers was the main reason why I didn't leave right away. They were nice and helpful. Cons: - Management was a mess. We didn't have a manager for 6+ months. - The branch that I worked at was very busy and under-staffed. - Always running out of supplies. For instance, deposit and withdrawal slips, pens, cups, etc. - No paid time off for part-time until you've worked there for a year. - They'll also fire if you do one thing wrong without any warnings. I've seen it happen to two of my co-workers.","Teller","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","May 6, 2019","2.0"
"Managers","Every manager knows one another. Can be good can be bad. Bad when trying to promote yourself but manager doesn't agree...working in a small environment has its challenges","Financial Representative","Former Employee","Newport, PA","May 5, 2019","4.0"
"Stay away from this bank!","I have worked in the mortgage industry for 20 years. And this was the worst experience of my entire career. this bank is unethical and lack any sense of moral compass. The way they treat their employees is actually illegal. And several ex-employees have filed lawsuits against the company. Stay far far away from this bank.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 4, 2019","1.0"
"Sales not Management","Position in store (Giant). Long hours, typically short staffed. Focus was on sales, approaching shopping customers, ridiculous activities in front of branch to stop Giant customers. Emphasis on selling instead of employee development or customer service. Massive pressure from upper management to meet sales goals. If you are looking for a respectable banking job this it NOT it.","Assistant Vice President and Branch Manager","Former Employee","VA","May 3, 2019","1.0"
"Im Surprised they are still in business","There is so much to say about my experience with this company but to sum it up. The company does not set you up for success at all. I personally did succeed but at the cost of my health physically and mentally. The training does absolutely nothing to prepare you for the actually job. The 1-2 week training basically just shows you the systems you will be working with. THATS IT. For the 3 years I was there management changed the processes about twice a month; sometimes more. I am all for being flexible with change but it was just ridiculous after a while. On top of it they want you to keep up with every wishy washy change they made and reprimand you for every mistake. Every day I felt like I may lose my job if I'm not perfect. The company also changed the incentive structure every year to make it more difficult to bonus. I was a Processor and there were just so many things outside out control, but we got blamed for every thing that happened. I would never recommend anyone work here and I will never work for them again. I honestly feel the company as a whole did not care about their customers and every decision they made was a guess. they have all these kind of special projects testing out new processes or systems but when it comes down to implementing real feed back they don't listen to the people who actually do the job every day. Also, as an employee so many managers have favorites.","Senior Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 2, 2019","2.0"
"Avoid the this bank aml department at all cost!","I worked for this bank as an AML Investigator in the Pittsburgh office (1st Side Center) for a number of years. I've also had similar titles at another bank and have been a professional in Risk Management for over a decade. At first, I thought the work culture was friendly and the program seemed fairly organized. The department was expanding its AML program considerably and hiring more investigators and support staff to handle a large increase in case volume. Within six months, they had the new hires working 12+ hours a day and were expected to handle case volumes far beyond what the vast majority of people could handle. During the worst of it, you were expected to clear about 10-16 case in a week. From what I was told, prior to the case increases and hiring push, investigators were expected to work between 5-8 cases a week. There were a few dips in the case volume moving forward but largely the average that you would work in a given month increased as time when by. All the while, there was little or no improvements to the policies and procedures that would help us do the work faster and with more efficiency. In other words, you were expected to do a lot more with less. this bank tries to solve any problem by hiring more managers. The most frustrating part about working there is most of the Team Leads and Managers are absolutely terrible and all they care about are metrics. Some of the stuff I've heard managers say I can honestly say I've never come across in my entire professional life. It was like living in a cult. The Team Leads there may have been good at clearing - more...","AML Investigator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 2, 2019","1.0"
"Schedule Adherence","Don't do it unless you have no kids, don't get sick, running late by 1 min!!! Schedule adherence is unrealistic if you are stuck on a call during your 15 minutes you risk being off your adherence and no bonus they give you! You get the same calls all day sometimes from the same folks with their online banking system causing customers to be locked out multiple times a week and there is no script to follow. Oh yeah and if you want to last there you must not be late or miss days the first 90 days!","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","May 1, 2019","1.0"
"Good place to start career"," this bank was a good place to start my career and gain training amd opportunities. There are really great people working here. There are numerous departments in which to gain knowledge and transferable skills.","Debit Card Investigator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 1, 2019","4.0"
" this bank does not care"," this bank Does not care about its employees or clients. They solely care about saving face. They will are incredibly dishonest and cowardly. Do they not communicate any important information professionally.","Technical Services Specialist","Current Employee","Piitsburgh","April 26, 2019","1.0"
"Just ok","Overall my job was great , very friendly customers . Nice and steady days easy job. But the BM was very rude and did a lot of favoritism. Your good work doesn't get recognized! Not flexible with requesting off. Get in trouble for calling out!","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","April 25, 2019","3.0"
"Pay and benefits are good. Environment sucks","Constant changes; work, co workers, mgrs. Hard to advance. Redundant work. HR does not care about it's own 'polices' nor enforcing them. Good luck staying on for any real period of time.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 24, 2019","1.0"
"Green company but low pay","Average employer, not much can be really said about the front line. It's easy to hit sales goals if you are in an affluent area, but still doable in a low income area. Management was not great, but varies from branch to branch. Red tape was a little bit much with very little reasoning behind it.","Financial Sales Consultant Sales","Former Employee","Warren, MI","April 24, 2019","3.0"
"Work here if you hate yourself.","If you love sitting at a desk listening to the same five songs on the radio eight hours a day, dealing with entitled rich old people who get frustrated when you take more than half a second to complete their transaction, and being micromanaged by narcissistic coworkers pretending to be your manager, this bank is the place for you!","Teller","Current Employee","Naples, FL","April 24, 2019","2.0"
"Great place to work","The team I had the pleasure of working with were supportive of myself and my role. Were always willing to develop my skillset to better enhance my performance and conversations with my client. My bank family were always aware of others and made sure home life was balanced with work life.","CSA - Platform floater","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 23, 2019","5.0"
"3 stars","you have the option to make lateral moves within bank but moving up does not seem possible unless you have seniority. micro management has become the way of life.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 23, 2019","3.0"
"Tactical, next flashy thing management style","Management is engrained in the tactical day to day operations and has no vision or strategy. Management speaks of work/life balance as something that will come in the years to come if we work hard today. It takes 4-5 months to get an approved work effort approved to begin. So after getting approval, you have another 4-5 months of getting approvals before you can begin.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 23, 2019","2.0"
"Cold calling Nightmare","My daily duties consisted of: answering phones, client servicing, cold calling clients, teller, payment processing, sales positioning, referrals, data entry, confidential filing, notary, applications for: loans, checking, savings, and credit cards. I learned money management skills and the genesis data base along with being NMLS certified. Management was not encouraging and pushed sales goals on you everyday. Hardest part of my job was not being able to make important decisions. It all had to go through the manager and cooperate. The best part about my job was the experience and the clients.","Client Relationship Expert","Former Employee","Pasadena, MD","April 23, 2019","3.0"
"Lacking in leadership","Overall I found that this bank and it's management team have yet to figure out that management and leadership are not interchangeable. Further, the total lack of work/life balance makes working for this company less than ideal. Still, compensation and retirement benefits are excellent.","Senior Fiduciary Advisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 23, 2019","2.0"
"Productive","Provide sales management and leadership to Branch Managers and their teams including operations, training, sales coaching and service.Instill behaviors and lead activities that drive both employee engagement and growth","SSSM","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 23, 2019","5.0"
"Work","Entry level job, there is a high demand to keep up with the work load. Zero tolerance job. You must be able to multi-task and always be prepared. Assistance is there if needed.","CLOSING LOAN ADVISOR","Former Employee","North Carolina","April 23, 2019","2.0"
"Great Company","I loved working for this bank. I was able to learn and grow in different positions. It was challenging but enjoyable. My only issue was the location and the robberies and attempted robberies that happened while I was there. It was difficult to relocate so I had no choice but to leave the company.","Financial sales","Former Employee","Fayetteville, GA","April 23, 2019","4.0"
"Great bank","I worked for this bank for 8 years and loved it. They are constantly training and making sure everything you need you have. There are so many opportunities within the bank to strive for.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","April 21, 2019","5.0"
"It works for Me"," this bank is a great corporation to work for. Management is great, but the area for advancement is at a minimum. You never know what type of day you will have at this bank. It changes from day to day.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","April 21, 2019","5.0"
"Personal Experience","This does not speak for the organization as a whole, but more specifically to the department within which I worked. Due to regulatory pressures, the risk framework has swung so far to the right that it became unstainable to keep pace with the initiatives, and with the demands from operational risk management leaders.","VP","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 19, 2019","2.0"
"Professional environment","A busy place to work with wonderful people surrounding you to support you and encourage your success. Helping customers with their banking needs and helping branch employee be successful is a rewarding experience.","Administrative Assistant I","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 19, 2019","4.0"
"No","ABSOLUTELY the worst management. If you want to be dehumanized, disrespected , dishonored, overworked, underpaid and set up for FAILURE, please work here.","BANKER","Former Employee","Merrillville, IN","April 19, 2019","1.0"
"Great Place.","This is a great place to work. Really try to make sure every employee has work life balance. They offer great benefits as well. Pay is competitive to others in market.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 18, 2019","5.0"
"A great company to advance and retire from.","I was a loyal and dedicated this bank employee who was displaced due to expense reduction and management restructure. I was a company ambassador and planned on retiring from my company. I have the utmost respect for this bank even though my position was eliminated.","VP - Client Solutions Group Manager","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 18, 2019","4.0"
"busy","It was an extremely fast paced environment. the managers walked around behind you with clip boards and marked off things you were doing wrong. there was never praise just what you did wrong.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 18, 2019","1.0"
"Work from home was great!","I love the work from home schedule. But they need to invest on the job training and management training. Management only cares about the company not employee.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Grove, IL","April 18, 2019","3.0"
"Great Place","Love working here. Great work life balance. Internal advancement opportunities are great if you work hard. I've always had amazing managers and coworkers.","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","April 18, 2019","4.0"
"Good People","There were a lot of nice and knowledgeable people who were willing to help teach new employees. Some of the management were good to work for, but there were some exceptions.","Technical Support Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 17, 2019","3.0"
"Good Place To work","Great Job Work/Life Balance. One of the Company's that pay very competitively. Management could use some work but over fine. Also great benefits for those with family/single","Teller","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","April 16, 2019","5.0"
"Great Job","Job is great.Management isn't the best. They push numbers and are phasing out Tellers. At my branch people stay in their position for long term leaving little room for advancement.","Teller","Current Employee","Mableton, GA","April 16, 2019","2.0"
"Loved working with people","Answered call went over balances, deposits, withdrawals, on line banking. Debit card Fraud bank transactions. I learned how to go over bank transaction. Workplace was a large open call center where I sat beside other employees. The hardest thing was telling people they had a negative balance.","CARD SERVICE CONSULTANT I","CALL CENTER","Whitehall, OH","April 16, 2019","5.0"
"Learned a lot about how to sale","When i first got hired to work for this bank i didn't know how to sale. But, as time went on i began to get better at being a sales associate and learning the techniques of how how to sale through coachings.","Teller I","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 16, 2019","5.0"
"A go to work environment","This is an establishment that will help you grow and develop many professional traits and skills. The culture of the employees along with the ongoing training pushes employees to excel in their careers.","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","April 15, 2019","5.0"
"Meet A Lot of New People","A typical day in the retail banking entails a great detail of interaction with clients. Staff may build rapport with clients who frequently visits their particular location.","Inbound Loan Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 15, 2019","2.0"
" this bank Laid Me Off For No Good Reason"," this bank Laid Me Off For No Good Reason, but it's ok because they're a big corporation and sometimes it be like that. It really do. I'm still working for the man.","Default Strategy Team","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 15, 2019","2.0"
"Ok","OK place to work at. If a developer is used to taking additional pressure then this is the place to come and work. Apart from pressure rest everything is fine. People tend to extend their contracts on a very regular basis.","Angular Develoepr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 15, 2019","3.0"
"Great place","My manager made the branch feel like home. I had many opportunities to grow as professional. I was promoted based on my work ethic, demeanor and production. Basically, if someone put the work, this bank will recognize","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Former Employee","Raritan, NJ","April 15, 2019","5.0"
"Eh","Nothing, but politics. All they care about are credit card sales, not the individuals they have working for them. If you come in from outside of this bank, your pay will be a lot better than being there for a long time and moving up. Only positive I have is maternity leave is 10 weeks + 6 weeks parental time.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 14, 2019","3.0"
"Good Experience","I have had experience being the interim manager for my branch, so I am familiar with handling the logistics side of operating a branch, in terms of: ordering funds for the cash processes from our vendor, ordering supplies for the branch, as well as making sure our files and procedures were being followed and adhered to at all times.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","April 14, 2019","3.0"
"High Pressure Sales","Constant pressure to sell and make cold calls. Excessive reporting , micro managing. Constant staff shortages. Training embarrassingly lacking; focus is on sales conversation but poor product and process training. Lots of online training modules but no time to complete it.","BSSA","Former Employee","Michigan","April 13, 2019","3.0"
"Good company","Company is good to their employees. a lot of advancement available. work pace is fast. They train well before they place you. A lot of company inclusion.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 12, 2019","4.0"
"The job","This job was not recent and couldn't rate it. A lot has changed both locations I worked at. Management has changed and so has the face of this bank. The way they do banking isn't the same as it was almost 5 years ago.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","April 11, 2019","3.0"
"Excellent managers thats will to help with everyday projects and goals","Timeframe for advancement dwindled away over time. New hires would start at same level as senior reps. The most recented promotions were given to rrps with less experience and time with company.","Senior Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2019","4.0"
"Not a good place to work if you have anytyme of mental disability","I worked for this bank for 5 months and was bullied the whole time working there. I was scold about things that their own employees for more then 2 years were violating. The training is horrible and if they didn't like you that was even worst. They leave you in the middle of transactions you don't know how to complete and then blame you for making the mistake when the head teller didn't show you how to complete it. All she did was click things on my computer without showing me how its done and when I asked for help they always had an attitude. I learned about important cash limits 4 months into my employment. The other tellers all did things that violated this bank policies and when I made the mistake I was yelled at when I was just doing what everyone else does due to lack of training. I had a Panic attack in the middle of a transaction because once again they left me with something I wasn't trained in and got yelled at by my manager on why am I crying and why cant I calm down . That made my panic attack worst so I had to walk out of the branch. There is a lot of gossip going around and favoritism","Bank Teller","Former Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","April 11, 2019","2.0"
"Good place to work.","Just stay on their good side and out of trouble and you will succeed. Follow the rules, and do as you are specifically told. A good place to work otherwise","Call Center Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 9, 2019","4.0"
"Fun and Challenging Opportunities","My time at this bank has been unforgettable. I'm thankful for having been provided the opportunity to provide quality service to such an enthusiastic company.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 9, 2019","4.0"
"Stressful, long hours, low pay","As a teller supervisor, you are expected to not only do your role but those of the assistant manager and manager as well. But for just about the same pay as a teller. There is NO work-life balance. And If you have small children, this company is not the place for you. Being short staffed, you have to work open to close, six days a week. But then when you end up with overtime, it's an issue.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 9, 2019","2.0"
"Amazing Company"," this bank gave me the opportunity to grow to a better individual I am today. It had great benefits for its employees and it valued hard working employees. this bank is a great company to work for if you are looking for growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 8, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to learn multiple roles if there is opportunity and openings. Good benefits and decent compensation. Great fast paced atmosphere which made days go quickly.","TELLER","Former Employee","Butler, PA","April 8, 2019","3.0"
"Solid company","most enjoyable part of the job are the clients and co workers. The issues are that management is unclear about it's place in the retail world. Unable to balance fee generation vs services offered and chooses not to compete with regional competitors.It has a focus on sales culture but lacks the service component. Clients consistently change due to lack of understanding and assistance with services.","Business Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","April 8, 2019","3.0"
"Motivated company","Motivated company with great benefits, compensation and recognition. Company promotes a good work / life balance, while promoting career advancement within.","Deposit Account Exception Review Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 7, 2019","4.0"
"Laid back work atmosphere, core values were great","Handled many things with clients in regard to their money. Ran basic teller transactions, dealt with loans, mortgages, insurance, and wire transfers. Built a book of business and cold called clients","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Avon, OH","April 7, 2019","5.0"
"former employee - BSSA","one of the worst if not THE worst places I have ever worked in my life. The 'management' was a joke. I was told, in front of my fellow co-workers and customers that I was 'a liar, couldn't do anything right, couldn't admit to wrong doings' etc. I was 'excused' when confronting this 'management' about my issues with how I was being treated and I actually took the first job that came my way with a severe pay cut because I could not take it anymore. I almost walked out twice and I have never walked out of a job in my life. This company is a joke. I tell customers and future employers to run don't walk away from this place. no good will come from your time here.","Service Advisor","Former Employee","Branchburg, NJ","April 7, 2019","1.0"
"worst place I've worked in 40 years","continually increasing workload, little or no raises, paid sinificantly below midpoint of job range for 40 years experience, refused medical coverage. protocol changes with little or no direction","Application Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2019","1.0"
"If you want to get your foot in the door to something else or better to take somewhere else","No life balance Interference with personal and family life Poor hours and rotations Hideous system for bidding better shifts, holidays etc Lack of occasional absence for year timeframe. Entirely too many unnecessary systems etc to get the job done Job way too lenient for supervisors Analyst do the majority Have to clock your paychecks, claims and other means Expectations to high Expect you to tolerate and deal with rude and disrespectful customers they don't pay enough to be a punching bag They will review a call to find Anything possible to coach on when a customer complains we're in a business where they will always be a complain They make it hard with no peace of mind It's too stressful and a brain fryer People come and go only advancement is working at home which they will do the impossible to make sure you do not go home If home they will find a reason to bring you back The changes are ridiculous no weekends and holidays off The list is ongoing they can not match what I am a custom too salary wise it's a pay cut only good thing is benefits get in and get out once you have accomplished your goals, you can meet great people and develop great friendships!","Detective Investigator","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 7, 2019","1.0"
"Great atmosphere","Loved working at this bank, they made sure there was a great work life/ home life balance, pay was good, and the atmosphere there was always positive, highly recommended working there","Hybrid Core Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 6, 2019","4.0"
"great place to work","excellent for those post high school thru BA degrees. compensation for education above BA is unrecognized. A day of employment consist of 2 breaks/ 1 lunch. flexible scheduling based on department. Lots of training in bank servicing. Partially diverse. pushing for more diversity however it starts from the top > down; with a widespread of backgrounds!","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 5, 2019","5.0"
"Work life balance","Good place to work for family good hours with no weekends ability for time off for family appointments or kids events. Room for growth and good quality time for family","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Mancelona, MI","April 5, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible interview experience","The person conducting interview to work for this company from home was extremely rude and disrespectful. It was the first contact live I had with this company and it was over the phone. The first person you talk to in every company is like the letter of presentation of that company , it is like the welcome to that place, but if the 'welcome' is a really bad one, the first impression is 'you are not welcome here', so who would like to work at company like that? No one , right ? I think nobody deserves such mistreatment. I believe on being nice with people, not rude like her. And on top of that I received an email saying that I wasn't hired. So , I not only wasted my time but I had to go through such an awkward situation because I never experienced nothing like this before in any of the of companies I applied for.","None yet","Former Employee","at home","April 5, 2019","1.0"
"Very stimulating and intelligent group","Always lots of work to do and management pushes you to always do better. Very competitive environment with little opportunity for growth. Definitely a little more milder than investment banking for a bulge bracket.","Investment Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 4, 2019","4.0"
"Work Life Balance","I loved working for this bank, great company promoted work life balance, And allowed me to work remotely. I was able to focus on my pipeline and deliver my goal monthly","Remote","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 4, 2019","5.0"
"Culture is lacking","Culture is lacking and the pay is not desirable nor are the raises. Great benefits, vacation etc. Too many meetings and lack of concern and assist where needed.","Claims","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 4, 2019","4.0"
"Lo's stay away","If you are a loan officer stay away from this bank. They are a total mess on all fazes of the loan process and nobody who makes a salary gives a dam about LO's. No support at all from management.","Loan Originator","Former Employee","Plantation, FL","April 4, 2019","1.0"
"relaxed slow work place (Depends on you are)","Work is okay. The job is for someone who is good at selling and making referrals. If you are not good at selling, do not join the job. They pressure you to sell accounts and if you don't meet requirements, you risk getting fired. Strict company. Overall, work is slow at times but can get busy at times. Boring job. Sitting all day.","Teller","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","April 4, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Sales Assoc.","A typical work day consists of attempting to get business with your clients. You service them in the branch but the goal is to uncover more opportunities for financial business. My consultative selling skills have strengthened. The hardest part is winning business if a client is not looking for a particular product. The most enjoyable part is making a difference in someone's life with their finances.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Fanwood, NJ","April 3, 2019","4.0"
"Talent and job performance often overlooked","Good benefits and pay. Talent and job performance often overlooked and good employees are sacrificed for those whose performance and knowledge are lacking..","Default Litigation Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 3, 2019","2.0"
"Teller","I assisted customers with there daily transaction. I also would make suggestion on their financial needs as well as lobby engage. To make sure customer were assisted fast","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 3, 2019","3.0"
"Really love my job","There are a lot of things about a sales job to hate, but the coworkers, management support, benefits, and salary make it worth it. I don't like making sales calls, that's my biggest grievance!","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Gulf Shores, AL","April 2, 2019","4.0"
"Great benefits","Every job has its ups and downs so depending on which supervisor you get will determine your longevity for that position after you pass the initial initial training and probation you have your health benefits which are really great","Hazard Loss Claims","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 2, 2019","3.0"
"A great place to work.","The work culture is what you make of it. I love building client relationships and helping folks with their financial well being. The hardest park of the job is making sure that all procedures are followed to ensure the safety and well being of our clients and fellow employees.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Bloomsbury, NJ","April 2, 2019","5.0"
"Fun and easy going place","Very nice company, with great values and goals. Company is trying to find new and innovative ways to do business, but not all of them hep making job easy and productive.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Thiensville, WI","April 1, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work!","I love the environment and the people, just not the best fit for the moment. The environment is great and the benefits are exceptional and perfect for a full time employee.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","New Market, MD","March 30, 2019","5.0"
"Good Company","Good company great opportunity to advance as long as you do your job. your not micromanaged there and you have good managers there who have positive things to bring to your advancement & help you and look forward to do so. Wish I had not left. Good company!","CREDIT ANALYST III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 29, 2019","4.0"
"My job at this bank","I work in the Bankruptcy department at this bank, so there's not really a typical day. The reason being, is because no one customer's situation is the same. However, every day is a learning experience. Overall, I find joy in assisting customers in getting there life on track, post bankruptcy.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 28, 2019","4.0"
"High paced call center","The company itself is great!! Amazing benefits. The hours are horrible and posting out takes forever. Working from home is an option but you have to pay for the internet and phone. You are like a desk jockey and can hardly get up. The attendance policy is harsh.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2019","3.0"
"Flexible but behind the curve.","Pay is lower than the industry. Horrible management. Open environment was forced without consulting teams or a consulting firm leads to everyone getting sick. No privacy. Lockers like you are 12. Incompetent managers who don't support agile practices.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2019","2.0"
"Terrible","The organization and management are absolutely awful here, HR does absolutely nothing literally so worthless I am not sure why they even have an HR dept since they let low end managers make their own rules set even over the this bank policies put into place. Even when meeting goals you are constantly threatened about your job and needing to do better even as top performers. No encouragement whatsoever only negativity.","Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 27, 2019","1.0"
" this bank, great company to work for"," this bank is an awesome bank to work for. They truly car about their employees. They take the time to understand their unique situation. By allowing flexible working schedules and work from home options.","Mortgage Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 27, 2019","5.0"
"Great Employer","I have been with this bank since 2016 and I absolutely love it. Looking for something to do over night or even part time. I am hoping to find something that","Digital Analyst","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 27, 2019","5.0"
"Conservative company","i had a good an overall good experience working for this bank. The company cared about quality of life. My direct manager was available to help facilitate success","Underwriter 1","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 27, 2019","4.0"
"A good learning experience. Positive customer interactions. Good management.","I enjoyed working for this bank. It was valuable learning about banking procedures. The work atmosphere was relaxed. I left to pursue other job fields.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","March 27, 2019","5.0"
"Diverse Company"," this bank was a very diverse company to work for. The management was very involved and part of the team. My ability to work from home was a nice benefit to have.","Written Correspondence Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 26, 2019","4.0"
"Glad I am gone","Lots of favortism. Micromanaged. Expectations are not realistic. Raises are tiny. Negative environment overall. Every minute of your working day has to be accounted for and measured. Big brother is watching closely....","Do not care to share this info","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2019","2.0"
"A place where you can meet awesome people","A day in the life at this bank consists of assisting clients with their financial needs. Supervising and coaching teller team to be the best that they can be.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Willow Grove, PA","March 25, 2019","4.0"
"every location is different so get a fill for the manager","Some location * will leave unknown* but in Georgia is like working in Wayward Pines (look it up) Too much is left in the gray area as managers discretion. There were times we worked through the entire day with no lunch. Ive worked numerous times by myself as a teller which is definitely a security risk.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 25, 2019","1.0"
"Great Job over all.","It was a great job overall. Not particularly easy or hard. Customers could be challenging. The team at the branch was the best part of it all. Would have stayed longer if it wasn't for a personal change.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","West Mifflin, PA","March 24, 2019","4.0"
"Relaxed environment","The experienced bankers on UC's campus can become a little hostile when there is someone new and threatening around. But, overall it's not a bad place to work given you know the right people.","Student Ambassador","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 24, 2019","4.0"
"Nice work environment","Great company to work for. Although there was tremendous amount of stress for trying to achieve monthly and quarterly quota's, interactions with customers and my coworkers was a good experience. The overall environment made everything much more enjoyable. Excellent benefits upward mobility and many avenues to take within the company.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","March 22, 2019","4.0"
"Great","Salary was okay but not as competitive as other places. The offered an option to work from home on occasion. My manager was fantastic. Most knowledgeable and willing to help without procrastinating.","CONVENTIONAL UNDERWRITER II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 22, 2019","5.0"
" this bank got too big and lost sight of the customer","Was a good place until changes in leadership. There is a lot of talk about taking care of the client and employee but somewhere from the top down it was lost.","Business Banking","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2019","2.0"
"Fun workplace, the atmosphere is inviting","I love this bank, unfit my time has come to an end with the company. I am a Competitive worker so for them to get rid of commission is totally unacceptable.","Pre Foreclosure Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 20, 2019","5.0"
"Average Level Company","Nothing significant to comment. Company culture is good and internal security program is robust. Various lines of businesses have good levels of executive leadership. Lower level management not as competent.","Security Operations Execution Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 20, 2019","3.0"
"Decent","New software package makes work miserable while they try to figured out how to fix it. Management is slow to make changes that can improve the job because there's so much corporate red tape they have to get through to make even small changes.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Illinois","March 20, 2019","3.0"
"Low pay and little chance for advancement","After 3 years at this bank you are no longer eligible for the management training program. So if management is your goal maybe look elsewhere. They only health insurance offered is a high deductible plan which is still around $100 a week/$200 a paycheck for a single person","Senior Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","March 20, 2019","2.0"
"Bad management is what drives employees away.","Working for this bank was great until the last 6 months of my 11 yrs with the company I had the worst manager. I was placed with a management team that did not want to be there so that spread and everyone in the branch left. My last day there I was escorted out as if I was being terminated not resigning. Prior to that I enjoyed working for this bank and bled blue and orange.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Delran, NJ","March 19, 2019","2.0"
"Salary","Benefits are great. I worked there for four years and have only made 1K more. Obviously, with no performance issues that would deny a raise. It's a big company. You are just a number.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 19, 2019","3.0"
"Productive Work Environment"," this bank offers a productive work environment with plenty of opportunity for advancement. There are constantly jobs being posted in other department of the bank looking to recruit from within the company.","Consumer Lending Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 19, 2019","4.0"
"Not recommended apply with caution"," this bank advertise no banking experience necessary but once in training that changes, jobs are given to people with banking background. Horrible training.","Customer Service Support Representative","Former Employee","North Carolina","March 19, 2019","1.0"
"Fast Paced","Very busy. Accolades given to the team time and time again but the raises don't match the performance. Stated that it is merit based but it is not. Often times punished for speaking up and the manager has favorites. Making it obvious.","Senior Foreign Exchange Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 19, 2019","3.0"
"Diverse with room to grow."," this bank Financial services has a diverse work culture with a frequently changing environment. It strongly encourages work balance with personal and professional. My management was very active in growth and enrichment.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 19, 2019","5.0"
"Work Place Culture"," this bank is a great company that places a large emphasis on employee satisfaction and customer service. Management is constantly identifying ways to improve employee engagement.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Pasadena, CA","March 19, 2019","5.0"
"decent company","not bad to work for, and work life balance is nice. The biggest problem with this bank is the slow salaries that are offered to employees and the location move from center city to eastwick pa,","TAX ANALYST","Current Employee","Eastwick, PA","March 19, 2019","4.0"
"High expectations and fair","Good environment if you are an achiever. Heavy emphasis on sales performance. Goal always go higher, which given the limited territory, can continue annually.","Public Fincance","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","March 19, 2019","4.0"
"To many Chiefs","I truly enjoyed the customer's that I worked with at this bank, However the Management that I worked under were less than great. Manger's hardly ever in branch and when they were they were unapproachable. Everything I learned was either through research on company intranet, Branch support hotline or through coworker's who have been there a long time. Manger's would say something to your face and turn and talk to someone else and bad mouth you. Then you had employee's who would try to take charge of something when they had no idea what was going on.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Somerset, PA","March 19, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Cares"," this bank is a company that truly cares about its employees and customers. The pay is competitive and that is always room to advance in whatever area of the bank that you choose.","Client Solutions Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 18, 2019","5.0"
"Big Brother","Everything is monitored. phone calls, computer activity, email activity, every minute detail. Understandable to a point - but daunting none-the-less...","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 17, 2019","4.0"
"Working with this bank","It is a nice experience and I am glad to work there but I feel like I need a change in pace. A typical day is trying to get your number of files done to make sure your not behind.","Underwriter Analyst","VOI Specialist","Rocky Mount, NC 27804","March 17, 2019","3.0"
"Work life balance has been rapidly declining","The job description does not line up with the job requirements. this bank went through a career development change a few years back. The title of the new position was company created, and does not line up with a normal work title. This makes it difficult to apply for jobs outside of the company. There has been significant reduction of staff lately. Mostly in small amounts with no communication to keep employees in the dark with what is occurring. The company promotes work life balance, however has been slowly removing flex work arrangements. Merit increase remain extremely low around a 1% cap rate.","Business Analyst II","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 17, 2019","2.0"
"Culture"," this bank for many employee levels allows flexiblw work arrangements. This is swapped for the need to have to work most nights due to many meeting during working hours for the 1LOD risk areas. However, the culture is casual and collaborative so the extra work is usually worth the effort.","Sr. Risk Specialist - Asset Management Operations","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 17, 2019","3.0"
"Flexible work arrangement benefits rescinded","Some departments have taken away and/or limited flexible work arrangement benefits that has lead to a mass exit of longtime employees which has severely affected morale","Business Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 16, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work","If I had not had a car wreck and had to leave I would still be workimg for this bank. Great training, great perks. Caring supervisors, great chances for advancement.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Wadwsboro, Nc. And Florence, Sc.","March 16, 2019","5.0"
"Great Experience with the Experiential team","Absolutely loved this job had lots of awesome perks and benefits. Management was absolutely amazing very helpful. got to go to a lot of exciting environments and test out my skills as a salesperson also learned a lot about marketing.","Experiential Sales Ambassador","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 15, 2019","5.0"
"Review","I have been loyal to this bank since March 2005. this bank has been a good place to work, however they make it very hard to cross over into some of the desired departments such as Human Resources.","Client Solution Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2019","3.0"
"Good place to work","We had a meeting in the am to discuses work for the day, Once the day got started the management had a few meetings and offered little help...………………..","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2019","4.0"
"IT appears to be a nice org to work in within this bank","We get to do hackathons and other interesting things and the company is evolving to match current tech. Not sure what other orgs or customer-facing roles are like.","Product Owner","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2019","5.0"
"Beware","Company makes you bug customers to death on the teller line and will threaten to fire you if you don't click buttons and disposition to every client sales. If you make a mistake like I did not knowing you made a mistake they are not behind you as an employer and will fire you so they don't have to deal with it. Management do nothing but hang in their office all day and play on their phones and computers.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 14, 2019","3.0"
"Productive"," this bank is a great place to work. I'll recommend this company to anyone. They are family oriented and flexible. Over time and shift premiums are offered","Participant Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2019","5.0"
"Do not work for this company","I was recently let go for something stupid. The management is awful and very unprofessional. You are not allowed to go to the bathroom and they watch your every move. You are just another body in a seat. The goals they have for calls are very hard to accomplish. A lot of calls I received were elderly customers and you practically had to push them off the phone while being nice. Not to mention being called names by angry customers on a constant basis. Management does not care if you have any sort of sickness. Training was a nightmare and we sat in a classroom for 3 weeks. One of the most important things you learn at the last minute. Also the material you learn in the classroom doesn't even get used while you're on the call or are told that it is incorrect. They do not reimburse you if you work from home. Management would also pick favorites as well.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 14, 2019","3.0"
"Review"," this bank is a grind. Up to 300 calls a day with only a minimal break. The management there is a joke and they will be quick to replace you............................","Core Services Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 14, 2019","3.0"
"worse place I have ever worked at","folks were not very pleasant to be around and not helpful at all. Not somewhere I would recommend anyone to work. They micromanage all their employees from bottom to top.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","March 14, 2019","1.0"
"Production","Good Company to work for and very good people to work with. Management could be better with monitoring staff assignments. I enjoyed working there too.","Mortgage Loan Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 14, 2019","4.0"
"productive and team work","Its a great company to work for and a knowledgable place to learn from. this bank company give free training lessons to its employees to teach them how to provide a well being financial services.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","March 13, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Teller","8:15-5:30pm is a typical work day schedule with an hour lunch. You learn something new every single day, great customers and co workers. Can be very fast paced and sometimes challenging. Part time has a more flexible schedule, but managers are very understanding and try to have a good work-life balance.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Springfield, OH 45504","March 13, 2019","4.0"
"Busy","Great company, but the structure of the company is constantly changing. The policies and procedures change with each loan. The management team is easy to work with & the staff is very pleasant.","MORTGAGE LOAN CLOSER","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 13, 2019","4.0"
"Collborative Work Environment","Friendly yet professional work environment. Everyone is willing to help and willingly communicated. Wasn't there long but got the impression that there isn't much opportunity for advancement.","International Trade","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 12, 2019","4.0"
"great place to work"," this bank is a great to work, pay is not competitive but the work equals the pay. not too diverse, has great core values that I love but was loosely followed by everybody including management.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 12, 2019","4.0"
"na"," this bank is a great company to work for and provides a lot of opportunity for those who seek it. The compensation could've been better but overall I had a great experience working and growing with this bank.","Teller Support Coordinator","Former Employee","Carolina, PR","March 12, 2019","5.0"
"Super competitive","Super competitive environment - lots of goals that are very hard to reach in current living area; mandated team meetings and difficult to build camaraderie when forced.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Selma, AL","March 12, 2019","5.0"
"Cashier","The company is a good place to work. People are friendly and are willing to help for the most part. There is room to grow if you put the time in. Peers are friendly depending on branch.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","March 12, 2019","4.0"
"great work place","Very relax business environment , dress code. very supportive mangers and team. upper managements surprise visits to motivate employees . Great benefits.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Ashburn, VA","March 12, 2019","3.0"
"Not bad. Doesn't count where it matters though.","They did not fully describe benefits and did not fully pay out bonuses and such that were due me. This ruined the other good things there were about the place.","Call Center Core Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 11, 2019","2.0"
"Always room for change and growth"," this bank is a good place to work. Start in an entry level position and move up. A lot of different opportunities in the company to move around if you don't enjoy your role. Management in my area is good. Limited on branches in the Florida market","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Florida","March 11, 2019","4.0"
"very friendly working place","in my two years working experience I had a wonderful time. my manager was one of the best person I ever worked for. this was home for me. every day I looked forward to work at this bank.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lansdale, PA","March 11, 2019","5.0"
"Ok company","Good place to work, promotion is who you know not what you know. All federal holidays off and good vacation and sick leave. Navigating management can be tricky","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newport News, VA","March 11, 2019","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good place to work. The management on the Mortgage side is very responsive and helpful. They provide all the support you need to be successful.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","March 11, 2019","4.0"
"Typical Day","Every morning starts with a quick start to leverage what we plan to achieve. From the moment we open the branch, clients are ready for us to process their transactions and provide them with solutions for their every day money management needs.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Edgewater, MD","March 10, 2019","4.0"
"Plenty of Learning Opportunities - Limited Advancement","Daily Tasks are often so plentiful that you can't keep up with the pace. Between 20+ File Prep Assignments, 2 new closing files per day, as well as a processing pipeline to manage. If you can't multi task, then this position is not for you.","Universal Agent","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 10, 2019","3.0"
"It was a pleasant place to work.","It was a pleasant place to work from what I can remember. I learn a lot about the banking industry and wouldn't mind working there or in the industry again.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","March 9, 2019","4.0"
"Not A Healthy Work Enviroment","I was a personal banker for this bank full time. The sales goals are impossible, with even the top performers in my branch struggling to even come close to their numbers. The training is very minimal and management is reluctant to help, even though banking is a highly regulated industry. I was verbally abused by my manager on several occasions but was just told that that's how she was and to just deal with it. On a typically week, you would be making around 60 cold calls to try and get people to make an appointment to come into the branch. Investments was a big focus for the company but we struggled to find referrals for an FA who would not even speak to the ones we could refer over. I would not recommend starting your banking career with this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Mentor, OH","March 8, 2019","1.0"
"Solid employer. Various locations available across United States.","Is a solid employer. Various locations available across United States. Continual learning environment. Pursues continual process improvement techniques. Great benefits.","ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT - CAPITAL ADVISORS","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 8, 2019","3.0"
"Entry level career starter","Banking industry was fun to work for with incredible benefits and job opportunities. Management was incredible and level of responsibilities was appropriate.","Personal Banking Representative III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 8, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to build a career","You have an opportunity to work with some very smart and driven people, it is an overall collaborative environment with great culture surrounding each position","AVP - Counterparty Credit Risk","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2019","4.0"
"Very rude and unprofessional management","First day there supvervisor immediately was very rude, ignorant and very unprofessional. The atmosphere was noticeably tense when she was around, the other supvervisor there was very pleasant and professional. The pay was good. I cant say much about the benefits since i was only there for a few days before leaving. This was the job i wanted but I refused to work in such a hostile environment. Wouldn't mind going back if the management was different.","data entry","Former Employee",".moorestown, nj","March 7, 2019","1.0"
"Good opportunities but pay is lacking"," this bank is a great place to start a career but you may have to leave and come back to get paid fairly. While they like to promote from within, it's more to save on paying market value for the job then waiting to put the right person in the right position.","Technology and Innovation","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 6, 2019","3.0"
"It was fun at times with all the activites","We were open inside supermarkets. So the bank was open 364 days a year. the hardest part of the job was the hours. Customer interaction was great. Activities with customers such as trivia contests, birthdays, give away days","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 6, 2019","4.0"
"Decent"," this bank is a decent bank to work for they are growing more and they have lots of room for advancement , the way could be better but over all a good company that moving forward","Retail Learning Facilitator","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","March 6, 2019","5.0"
"My this bank Operations Experience","I worked third shift it was good for my schedule at the time. Very team oriented, always something fun to do. My manager was great as a person and management skills. the pay is good and overtime is always available to pick up. must be consistent with your work and hit your marks","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 6, 2019","5.0"
"Laid back work environment with consistent busy days"," this bank is a nice place to work. As a teller you're able to relax a little in between customers while not having too much down time that things get boring.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","March 5, 2019","4.0"
"Very agressive sale goals","A very agressive sales centered culture. The bank however, does value and stresses a well balanced job work/life balance. While the pay is average if you are able to meet your sales goals the incentive pay is very attractuve. This bank too, values good customer service inspite of their agreesive sales goals.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bradenton, FL","March 4, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Loss Mitigation","The company is a great company, however in the department I was in, there was not much support in career development and job/life balance was non-existent.","Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 4, 2019","4.0"
"Raises are non existant.","Promotions are not available because the managers that are there, stay- they've not moved on in 18 years, which means there is no way for you to move up because they've not moved out.","Accounts Receivable Research Analyst","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 4, 2019","1.0"
"Would come back","Great experience and culture. Provided strong training experience and provide the why behind everything. Was equipped within months. Customer experience being top priority.","Personal Banker","Universal model","Batavia, IL","March 4, 2019","5.0"
"Unattainable Goals","Goals are set where at 100% production you still aren't able to hit goal. Asked to where the hat of many other roles. Virtually no support or training. Tons of micro management.","Business Banking","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 3, 2019","1.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work. I feel like management actually cares about me. They are open to and willing to help me accomplish my career goals. It is not overly stressful, but fast paced.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2019","5.0"
"Fun place to work","A typical day at this bank is sitting in front of your computer in your cubicle taking calls from an automated call queue. The management is great and really cares for their employees. The workplace culture is professional and about their business. The hardest part of the job is learning how their systems work and learning what their products has to offer. The most enjoyable part of the job is successfully helping a customer and making sure they are wiser when it comes to their financial situations.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","March 3, 2019","5.0"
"don't work here","I would not recommend my worse enemy to work here. Let me tell you if you work for a call center before and think this will be different because its a bank your wrong. this bank ask for some high standards from there employee's but the walk in the door salary is a joke. You will slave out and maybe see $33,000 after your first 2 years if your lucky. They don't care about you as a employee just there customers, they grade your calls on 3 calls month with calls being being the best. Now let me tell every set rep has there own way of scoring calls even know they have a guide they have to go by. They all hear calls differently so good luck with that. Also the adherence standard for my dept was 94% with half hour lunches. so if you want a job with low pay short lunches and customer yelling at you because this bank is a horrible bank. You are given 6 mins to resolve these issues and god forbid you need help.. smh don't work here","Loan Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 2, 2019","1.0"
"Literally the best job I have ever had!","Pay is more than generous. Benefits and discounts are amazing. Management is laid back but stern as well. Opportunities to grow and move up. Tuition reimbursement","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 1, 2019","5.0"
"Be prepared for chaos","The branch I was located in was a very busy branch. Expect to be on your feet almost all day and deal with all sorts of customers. The biggest problems I have faced within the branch is poor management and time management skills. Many people have come and gone from the branch that we will be short staffed on many occasions in which we have to take on extra hours. Also, if there is a difference in anyone's cash drawer, everyone working that day have to stay until the mystery of the missing or extra cash has been resolved. There were plenty of times we had fun and weren't too stressed but those times are rare. The branch I was in was very busy so serious yet smiling faces had to always be present. Sales are very important there, if you're not meeting goals then you will be terminated before your year is up.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","March 1, 2019","3.0"
"No security","The first two months I had a great manager that always took care of his employees and had a fair schedule for everybody. After that manager left the bank had at least 5 different managers for like a year. I got paid as a part time teller but, doing tasks of a teller supervisor. Security is awful. Regional management is unaware of a lot. HR does is not help.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 1, 2019","2.0"
"Nice people.","I hadn't worked there in many years, but from personal experience and the type of position I held, I did enjoy the work and the people/managers I had around me.","Wire Transfer Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 27, 2019","4.0"
"Great Place To Work","I really enjoy working for this bank. They have always worked with my schedule as much as possible. I am very Active outside of this bank and will need a Saturday off and they will accommodate when they can.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Merchantville, NJ","February 27, 2019","4.0"
"The stress not worth the money","I was very eager to start at this bank. It claimed to be a great place to work and cared about their employees. Reality is my manager is rude, condescending and inexperienced. The culture is people smile in your face and stab you in the back every chance they get. Lack of integrity is rampant among employees and management. Worst job experience I have ever had.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","NJ","February 26, 2019","1.0"
" this bank is ok"," this bank as a company is great, but the management in the regional I worked in was horrible. Great people were being ley go for things that could have been coaching opportunities and kept employees that were committing acts that they should have been fired over and keeping them way too long.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Hatboro, PA","February 26, 2019","3.0"
"okay","Have been working here for a while now and they are not wiling to work with my hours to attend school because my branch is 'short staffed'. It would be amazing if they would be a bit more flexible even if you are a full-time employee","Teller","Current Employee","Cicero, IL","February 25, 2019","1.0"
" this bank is a great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work, It has pretty good work life balance and the pay is pretty competitive for someone coming from the outside. I do with they did more for those who are part-time.","Notary Public","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2019","4.0"
"My initial reception by current team members was not so great but it improved greatly cause management took action improve a","I enjoy working as a branch Associate because I like helping people and me and my customers connected pretty well. That was confirmed even when my new manger came, customers would declined being service at times in my absence per her when I return from my short leave. My initial reception by current team members was not so great but it improved greatly because management took action.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 25, 2019","4.0"
"It was a good start in order to get my foot in the door","They don't allow employees to grow within the company unless you've been there for at least two years, no matter how well you exceed in the position you were currently in.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","February 24, 2019","4.0"
"Always short staffed","Universal banker =teller work all day, yet expects you to make calls and achive goals. Always short staffed, mortgage department always short. Terrible training yet expects for you to know policies and procedures.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","South atlanta, ga","February 23, 2019","1.0"
"Fun place to work","Very stressful, but has good advancement opportunities and the managers are truly their to help in that advancement. Have great benefits and have great training to prepare you for the job you are training for","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 21, 2019","3.0"
"Productive and fun place","Responsible for maintaining proper cash limits, cashing checks, accepting deposits, issuing cashier's checks, money orders, and traveler's checks, cash advances, wire transfers, transfer of funds, and paying / receiving large amounts of currency / coin. • Duties included accepting credit card and loan applications, opening and closing accounts, cross-selling and consultative sales of financial products, and maintaining up-to-date knowledge of banking services and products.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","February 21, 2019","5.0"
"work/life balance is good. Salaries flat","I have been very fortunate to have a terrific work/life balance, due in part to my ability to work remotely. However, my salary hasn't budged since joining the company 6 years ago. I joined near the top of my salary grade, and unfortunately the scale has not moved during my time here. Bonuses have decreased annually while health care costs have risen, resulting in net pay decreases or flat salary annually.","Application Developer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Work Day","Start the morning off by checking voicemails and emails and then pull reports to balance the day and tackle the most important jobs for the day, return all calls and verify loan information to customers.","Sr Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 20, 2019","3.0"
"Good pay and hours","This was a great paying job with great hours. I had an 10 minute commute on foot. Conveniently located in the business center of Wilmington. I would reccomend","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Wonderful Job","Working for this bank was an great opportunity it helped me learn the banking field and work with wonderful people that showed you different parts of the business.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 20, 2019","4.0"
"Productive and relaxed work environment","I enjoyed the work environment at this bank. You self managed most of your day, give or take a meeting. The most enjoyable part of the job was my coworkers and the fast paced environment. I enjoy a fast paced environment to keep busy.","Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Productive Fun Place to work","Ensures goals and objectives of department are met. Provides accurate and timely completion of assignments and inquiry responses. Ensures that all tasks and duties completed are accomplished within the firm's set guidelines and policies.","Head Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","NJ","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work.","Great employees, Loved working there. Very challenging and advancement is what you make of it. Enjoyed learning new procedures and talking with the customers. I retired 18 years ago, but I still bank there and am a happy customer.","Account Reconciliation Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Development of compliance reporting.","Federal fdic compliance reporting as a result of new legislation. Oracle data warehouse development and external tools ssrs, etc. Good stable workplace with employees that care and engaging","SQL Developer Consultant","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","February 19, 2019","4.0"
"No matter what, never go to HR about any issue","The environment is difficult. this bank is not known for training, so you have to learn as you go. If you go to HR about any issue with management, be certain that you will be included in the next round of layoffs. And there will always be a next round of layoffs.","MORTGAGE LOAN PROCESSOR","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 19, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place To Work","It was a good place to work. Unfortunately I had to resign due to family issues. The were not willing to accommodate a different shift in a timely manner for me to keep my employment there.","Customer Support Associate II","Former Employee","Lynchburg, VA","February 19, 2019","3.0"
"Living the Dream","Being employed by this bank was the best experience ever, and I often said, it was a dream job. I enjoyed everything about it. I did not want to retire.","Work from Home","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 18, 2019","5.0"
"Relaxed work environment","If you value work/life balance this bank is a great place to work. Compensation levels are below industry norm, but they overcompensate by providing a slow-paced, easy to balance workload.","Asset Management Group Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 17, 2019","4.0"
"Ok company","The compensation is lower compared to other companies, especially if you're being promoted within the company. Lots of times people get promotions without any pay increase.","Senior Product Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible experience!","A typical day at work you sign in, start taking clients, balance and close at the end of the day. I learned to have a lot of patience when dealing with rude and overbearing people. I also learned that the team that works here is definitely flawed and I wished I had taken my learning experience at a different branch/bank. Management was not good at all, and careless. The culture of the workplace just not good either, the hardest part of the job, everything it was stressful, and most enjoyed getting to go home.","Teller","Former Employee","Lyndhurst, OH","February 15, 2019","1.0"
"Great company to work for","Great company to work for Provides work life balance and flexible hours. Provides career growth and learning experience. Worked as branch sales and service rep and part time teller","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","February 15, 2019","5.0"
"good people there","Operations Officer on the Enterprise Crisis Management Team. Relationship manager for 9 Regional Territories. Develops and maintain reporting solution; analyze data to drive process improvement. Coordinate efforts with technology partners (MIS, CIM, Cyber Operations) and external agencies ISO event management and risk mitigation strategies. Support Regional Alignment initiatives and manage Regional Presidents engagement for events. Manage assigned tools, application, and/or third party relationships","Business Continuity","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 15, 2019","3.0"
"came off as a good culture but it was fake"," this bank had a good face game but behinds the scene the management did not care about their employees as much as they showed. You were always under a microscope and they monitored your phone calls and what you did on your computer.","Customer Service and Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15212","February 14, 2019","4.0"
"Good Job, poor management, underpaid per industry standard","If you're looking for higher pay within banking then I'd stray away from this bank. I know other people with the same job title as mine in other banks that make 10-20k more and that's when they first started.","Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 14, 2019","3.0"
"great bank","Love the products so it was easy to sell. Aggressive goals but achievable. Bonus structure was not great for a smaller branch. Plenty of training. Nice atmosphere.","Branch Sales Manager","Former Employee","Fair Haven, NJ","February 14, 2019","4.0"
"Remote employee","I really enjoyed working for this bank. They are good about keeping you up to date on industry training. Managers were great. Team support. Not so good with internal training. I would still be there had it not been for layoffs.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 13, 2019","4.0"
"Good Leadership"," this bank is a well run company with good leadership at the helm. Typical day is intense and fast paced with a more conservative culture, but people make it enjoyable.","SVP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","Over all a good company to work for. They could learn from employees coming from other banking institutions or work fields and do a better job in training products and company software applications. Some management were absolutely amazing and I was fortunate to have two excellent managers my last few months with this bank, however some managers were very lackluster and either did not care if they performed their job well or played favorites and did not assist in the advancement of other employees within their branch. The benefits and paid time off were wonderful and I would recommend this bank to other for career opportunities.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Dublin, OH","February 13, 2019","4.0"
"A Good Place to Work","Enjoyed working for this bank Mortgage. There was opportunity for growth in the company. I feel that they where very diversified and the workplace culture.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2019","4.0"
"I loved working for this bank","Love working in the call center and now that the Columbus call center is virtual I believe it will increase the talent they attract. Management was awesome and the opportunity to move up was always available.","customer service tra","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 11, 2019","5.0"
"I worked from home yet I was still stressed.","Might as well not ask questions to your manager because they won't get back to you with a response. I would constantly message my manager when I was having issues and I was ignored all day. When I got sick and missed a few days from work I would call in to let them know about my absence. I later received a letter in the mail that they assumed I 'voluntarily resigned.' Mind you, I had 15 days to use..... for myself.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","February 11, 2019","1.0"
"No Review","Daily activities included business banking, managing sales team, coaching, mentoring, compliance and service. At this bank we used technology to help customers save money, increase efficiency, and become more profitable.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Rockford, MI","February 11, 2019","5.0"
"Greatly supportive culture with flexible managers"," this bank was extremely transparent with it's mission as well as it's goal. There were many opportunities to learn and grow within the company. Although it was monotonous at times there are various ways to make changes from within.","Senior Financial Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 11, 2019","4.0"
"Had a great working enviornment","The company environment was fun to work for. Great activities withing the community like grow up great were performed. We celebrated success and coached around opportunities","Private Client Group","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","February 11, 2019","5.0"
"Productive work place"," this bank is a wonderful company to work for. They have the greatest working environment they i have ever worked for in my life. No day is the same, you never know what to expect , or what type of customer your going to get on the phone, sometimes human beings can rude especially when it comes to their money. Its very enjoyable making a customer day. such as helping them save money, make money, find money.","Multi-Channel Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great company. Toxic coworkers."," this bank is a great company to work for. It's difficult to get a job there, because they expect greatness. They offer great benefit options. My management team was great, however, one of my coworkers caused a toxic, very threatening work environment. HR was unable to come to a resolution where I would feel safe coming to work everyday. So, I was forced to resign.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Fairfield, OH","February 10, 2019","4.0"
"Terrible place to work"," this bank has to of been the worst company that I had ever worked for. When it comes to sales they are worse than Wells Fargo! They will find other ways to push you out if you do not meet your monthly numbers. If you like being treated like nothing more than a number that this is the place for you! When it comes to personal issues, no matter how urgent or serious the issue is, if it does not fit business needs you will not be excused. Take caution when accepting a job within this company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Dover, DE","February 10, 2019","1.0"
"ok place to work","it pays the bills but it gets mundane and management( depending on who you get) can be lousy. your taking class from people who know they don't have n=money or know they did wrong all day. People are screaming and cursing a lot.","Loan Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 8, 2019","3.0"
"Anywhere but this bank Wealth Managent/Hawthorn","Does not practice what it preaches. Management by intimidation. Hawthorn senior leadership inexperienced and therefore created an environment where there was 100% turnover in one group. Despite protestations of 'culture', at the end of the day the leaders are only interested in own career. Do not think that if you work for a woman, as a woman you will be treated fairly. Women leadership are the most in fear of other strong, smart women.","Senior Trust Advisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 7, 2019","1.0"
" this bank","it was okay, I didn't really like how much we were micromanaged or underpaid for all of the work they expected us to do. it was truly unfair considering we couldn't even go to the bathroom without permission.","Project Leader Gains","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 7, 2019","5.0"
" this bank Wealth Management","Good work culture and the people are nice. A lot of politics to get to where you want to be due to the size of the company. Pay could be better. Seems to value outside prospects more than internal employees","AMG Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 7, 2019","3.0"
"Great place to work with balance for life/work schedules","There are great teams within the organization striving to succeed with the same goals: Provide the highest level of customer services across the organization and external customers.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 7, 2019","4.0"
"Overall a great company to work for","Amazing people and very flexible with home life and company life. Positive work environment and helpful in achieving goals overall. Would still work there if I didn't have to move away from the footprint.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Palm City, FL 34990","February 7, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work"," this bank is a good place to work. The office I work for are smaller than other offices in our network so career advancement is almost nil. The opportunities here are driven by the employee and how much you want to grow. For senior level positions though you would have to be open to relocating.","Operations Work Lead","Current Employee","College Park, GA","February 7, 2019","4.0"
"Overall very good experience","Got opportunity to learn a lot at my branch under managers guidance. Lot my procedures and policies reviewed which as a customer i didn't know. Had fun learning.","Teller","Current Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Professional work environment"," this bank/Mortgage Department is a great place to work. There are great co-workers and plenty of team spirit. Management creates a pleasant work environment.","Mortgage Sales Fulfillment Coordinator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 6, 2019","5.0"
"Flexible Scheduling: Ideal for stay at home mom w/ school-aged children","All employees start at a minimum of $15/hr. Paid on-site training. Opportunity to work from home. Option to have a split shift. Pays shift differential for shifts beginning after 11am. There is a transition phase where you are limited on time off, overtime, shift preferences, etc. After transition, 15 vacation days+ 1 personal /yr. but is pro-rated first year depending on hire date. Option to purchase additional vacation after 2 yrs. Opportunity to earn up to $850 in performance based incentives monthly. Plenty of opportunity for overtime. Must meet minimum quality assurance metrics. The job is very fast paced. Managers/support is not always available immediately which directly affects your AHT. Managers are required to do 'live listening' where they tap into your call without your knowledge to listen in and basically 'judge' or critique your call. This is in addition to 3 quality evaluations. Required to remain in your position for 1 yr before eligible to move to a new role/department. Customers can be abusive. Interactions with other departments can be stressful. There is a LOT of misinformation between departments and roles.","Customer Care Center Representative","Current Employee","Virtual - Work at home","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Solid Job","Great pay, solid hours and a very understanding work environment (in regards to your coworkers) all mixes together to create a wonderfully progressive and diverse work space.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Culture","I have a manger that is very helpful if there are any questions. Each day is usually very busy, there is always some work to be done. The company makes changes often which must be paid attention to and can make it more difficult to do your job day to day.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Louisvile, KY","February 6, 2019","3.0"
"Extremely Stressful","I started in June 2017 in the Whitehall call center before everyone started working from home. I had a really cool training class though. Boy, the management sure does know how to get the newbies hyped up for foolishness. The last day of training, people started to leave. this bank is a stressful place to work indeed. From the time you log in to CATCH and turn on Spirit, the calls will be back-to-back with calls regarding disputes, transactions, etc. This bank has some terrible fees was well. There's a saying in the company regarding 'Overdraft Tuesdays' when customers would notice a positive balance in their accounts from Friday thru Monday, then Tuesday the funds are gone. The customer is under the impression that their balance wasn't negative over the weekend. This is just one of many issues that this bank needs to update and fix. Too many bogus expectations there as well. You can have a whole week of good calls, but the audit team will find your worst call and grade you on that, so they won't give you your deserved bonus. The team leads have their teams working like busy-bees so that their 'manager's' numbers can look good. One thing that I did like was the small cafe and the self-service store in the building. Besides that, it was ratchet.","Support Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 6, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to work other than the branch closing","Great place to work, great benefits, current branch will be closing in April of this year. I enjoy the work and the customers, on the job training could have been better. Traveled to Columbus for training but was taught the very basics.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Zanesville, OH","February 6, 2019","5.0"
"Quality Company - Employee Centered","The company has an excellent work-life balance, culture, benefits, and growth opportunities for its employees. The working environment is goal oriented across the organization with a friendly/family collaborative touch to achieve its objectives.","Managing Director","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Call center is not worth it","I worked in the call center so this is probably a biased review. Very stressful working conditions. Incredibly fast paced with little wiggle room for scheduling.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 5, 2019","2.0"
"not Bad While It Lasted","worked 8 years as a service partner then 5 as an actual employee, unfortunately I was displaced and had to start over again at 55 yrs old :( vacation amounts are good especially with the 10 annual bank holidays added in","Mail Clerk","Former Employee","Erie, PA","February 5, 2019","3.0"
"Depends on Location","My particular branch allowed full timers to play on their phones and goof off when there were customers present, but punished part timers. Part timers had their jobs threatened for needing to stay home or leave work due to illness, full timers were kindly told to go home and feel better soon. Management was super nice until I was on my own and then became nasty and degrading, twisted everything I said into something I wasn't saying. Didn't invest any time into training me or making sure I was doing well or understood what was going on. Maybe other branches are better?","Teller","Former Employee","N/A","February 4, 2019","2.0"
"good","acquires and deepens the branch customer base through a variety of proactive sales and service activities. Manages the customer experience by identifying opportunities to improve the customer's financial wellbeing. Collaborates with ecosystem partners to grow customer's share of wallet. Positions this bank solutions to drive new revenue and customer loyalty.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 4, 2019","4.0"
"Experience","I currently work for the Equipment Finance sector of the company. We were acquired by this bank, April 2017. My negative experience is purely with the original ECN Capital management team. this bank has been a pleasure to work with and they truly appreciate their employees. I count it a blessing to be employed with this bank.","Portfolio Manager","Current Employee","Horsham, PA","February 2, 2019","3.0"
"Great place","Easy work place. Great environment. Easy to move up. Great employees. Cars about employees. Clean environment. Fast pace. Great for opportunities. Family oriented","Multichannel Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 2, 2019","5.0"
"Ok","It was OK. Not bad not great. Could be better. Pay is OK. Compensation was OK, but made it harder and harder. Work life balance was good though. That has been figured out.","Senior Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 1, 2019","3.0"
"No comment","A typical day at work: Review and respond to urgent emails, regarding loan application status, process etc. Attend team meeting. Work on loan files to obtain approvals for mid or final review.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 1, 2019","3.0"
"Manager who respected you and your ideas","Flexible job hours, able to work from home. Ideas to streamline were taken seriously to add morale and increase productivity and when reviewed, were implemented.","Assistant to Economic Capital Director","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 1, 2019","3.0"
"Great CoWorkers","Unfortunately due to some issues at home, led to my dismissal, however, I enjoyed working for this bank and felt that I did very well there as an individual BSSR and a team player. Now that I have been able to get those issues at home under control, I would definitely work for this bank again","BSSR - Branch Sales and Service Rep","Former Employee","Pen Argyl, PA","February 1, 2019","5.0"
"not enough pay for what they have you do","depending on the manager you end up with, you may not have any work life balance. the person who I had to deal with was not understanding of this and it created a lot of issues","AVP BRANCH MANAGER II","Former Employee","Virginia","February 1, 2019","2.0"
"No structure","The brand ambassador role and outbound team need a lot of work in the Charlotte market. The day to day consists of cold dropping into businesses like Dunkin Donuts and others to try and engage and gain acquisition.","BRAND AMBASSADOR","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 31, 2019","2.0"
"Great opportunity for advancement","I was a bssrt and greatly enjoyed most of my time with this bank. I learned a lot about banking products thanks to this bank's awesome education program and there were many talks of advancement potential early in my career.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ballwin, MO","January 30, 2019","4.0"
"Good to start off in banking.","It helped me get into the doors of banking but there's not much opportunities to advance. Advancing and raises are based on favoritism unfortunately but I learned a lot.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 29, 2019","4.0"
"Great culture"," this bank is committed to clients, employees and community. This is a place that nurtures continuous improvement and offers many opportunities for everyone.","Fraud and Loss Prevention Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 29, 2019","5.0"
"Best Company"," this bank is one of the best companies I have worked for. They have the best management I have worked with in a long time. My manager was very nice and if I had questions he had the answers.","Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 28, 2019","5.0"
"No work life balance","This company boasts a work life balance as one of it's most important factors. Well, maybe if you're at the top, otherwise I have never had less of a balance in my working career. There is no support from management and even if you beg for 'Required' training, often the branches are too busy to schedule you for it. I was there for 2 years unable to complete new hire required courses! This place might work for you, but it was the worst financial institution I have ever worked for. Way too much stress!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cocoa, FL","January 28, 2019","1.0"
"Bad store manager","Store manager has no knowledge of how to run a team . Which makes this work environment poor. She expects to highly of everyone making everyone feel like they are not capable of doing their job accurately.","Service Rep","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 27, 2019","1.0"
" this bank","I know longer work for this bank. The last this bank that I worked in was Peters Township in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I enjoyed my position and had no intention on leaving this bank.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2019","3.0"
"Production/work environment","The typical day starts with 2nd day maintenance. We go through the previous day numbers and discuss our goals for the day. We review all the documents that come thru our system to open/close accounts, mainly DDA and CDs.","Implementation Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2019","4.0"
"good place to work","Overall good place to work, advancement is questionable Lot of internall job postings. Always will to help, employees very friendly and always will to help when needed. Management is good, always there and will to assist when needed. Have become very micromanaged recently. hardest part of the job is being micromanaged, conversations with customers have become very scripted and do not develop relationships as easy. The most enjoyable part of the job is the teamwork provided from the team. We all work well together and help each other when needed, The hardest part of the job is being micromanaged,","Business Banking Relationship Manager - Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2019","4.0"
"Great company but depends what location","Location is everything with this company, you could go into a great smooth branch or you could be in a scene from Alcatraz. Unfortunately my management was very poor. Regional manager didn't seem to care. Manager didn't allow us to speak our mind with new ideas it was either her way or the high way. As I said this bank as a company is great. Ok pay and good benefits. They could work on not making the job so demanding so employees can spend time with their families during holidays. But do research on the branch you work for before being hired. Make sure your manager isn't putting up a front in your interview. Ask a lot of questions.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Myers, FL","January 26, 2019","3.0"
"Stressful place to work for a incompetent Head Teller especially the manager always in his favor regardless how many violations made","Too stressful. The manager I worked for never listen to my side of the story, it's always the Head Teller side. Come to find out later, my Manager is close to the Head Teller treated him like a son.","Teller I","Former Employee","Chesapeake, VA 23320","January 25, 2019","1.0"
"Great company to work for"," this bank was a great company. They care about their employees and provide a lot of awesome benefits. The only reason I left was because I needed a full time position and there were no openings at the time of my employment.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Haven, IN","January 25, 2019","5.0"
"A great company to take advantage of your skills without offering advancement in return","The title says it all. I am over skilled and overworked for no advancement opportunities without sacrificing my ethical standards. I was consistently used as a manager when convenient for the company without the requisite pay, and continually denied advancement due to honest discourse.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","January 24, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place For Interns and Beginners","I started my career at this bank as an intern. The company has a great internship program and a great trainee program. The management team was engaging and encouraging.","Retail Credit Auditor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2019","3.0"
"Good starting job"," this bank is a good place to work at if you've just graduated from college. It's a great starting point in building your communication, organization and time management skills.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2019","4.0"
"Rewarding but Stressful","Currently travel on a daily basis, Average pay, Feel like the company is focused more about meeting goals than whats best for the customer. My Job is not hard but stressful. Constantly selling to customers. Tracking goals daily to make sure you are on track and reporting to upper management constantly."," this bank Merchant Services Account Executive","Current Employee","Westmoreland County, PA","January 23, 2019","4.0"
"to much work"," this bank Mortgage does not pay there employees enough for the amount of work. If you get hired through a temp agency you make more through them than you do once you are hired on.","Collections Representative","Former Employee","miamsburg ohio","January 22, 2019","1.0"
"typical bank","typical banking environment, fast paced at times, highly regulated requires high level of attention, cross selling required, corporate casual to corporate culture","Bank Teller","Former Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","January 21, 2019","4.0"
"Being an Administrative Assistant at this bank","I really enjoyed working at this bank in downtown Pittsburgh. I liked the work atmosphere and the fact that their new building is one of the greenest buildings.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 21, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Management","Management is poor.They tend to micro-manage. They rarely put any directions in writing and cast blame even when following orders. Morale is low and the opportunity to move to other departments internally is poor. They put all of the right policies on paper, but rarely follow through.","Asset Management Group","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 21, 2019","2.0"
"Active workplace","Build loyalty friendly customer service. Lot of learning skiing. Very particular about their policies and procedures lot of options to the clients relations with client","BSSR","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, NJ","January 20, 2019","5.0"
"Interesting Job-high stress","I work mostly from home. The culture in the office is minimal as it takes a while to get to know co-workers. The role I am in is high stress and fast paced.","Detection and Investigation Associate II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2019","5.0"
"I got several promotions","I enjoyed working at this bank because I did get promoted but I didn't enjoy working in a call center environment. You are tied to the phone for 8 hours and have to account for time when you are not talking with customers. Like any other call center, management will beep on your phone to find out the reason you're not taking calls. I didn't learn anything new because i've been in a call center environment for 30 years. Nothing has changed. The hardest part of the job is having people yell on the phone at you every day.","Help Desk Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2019","2.0"
"Okay work enviornment","-Boasts flexible work hours but work overtime on a regular basis and are continuously told that they value home/work separation but expect you to come in early and stay late. -Boast benefits but are unable to explain them to employees. -Management does not interact with the every day employees. Makes it hard to trust company when they are not around","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","January 18, 2019","3.0"
"Not the place for capable technical people","The only real qualification for management is seniority. Because the majority of them have limited skills, all good people, being managed by them, leave. So the people who stick around and get seniority, and are the next generation of management, are pretty lackluster. Truly capable technical people are too valuable to be allowed to leave the legacy apps they have patched repeatedly and are left in place. Unfortunately, Senior management's preferred solution to any project is to add more management. They do not take the time to really know what is going on and function as a sheltered clique unto themselves.","Senior Software Engineer","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","January 18, 2019","1.0"
"Good Wrok environment","I believe this bank is a good company to work for. They offer many competitive benefits for their employees, I worked at this bank for 24 years and was given many opportunities to advance my career thru job training opportunities. this bank takes pride in their employees in wanting them to do their best.","Mortgage Officer","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2019","4.0"
"good job bad pay","good job however the pay is horrible which is way a lot of people quit. the higher ups don't really care about the people in the branch. we have to work a lot and I mean do things that are not in your job description. you are overworked and underpaid. the benefits are good and vacation is cool. the workplace balance is really hard because a lot of people quit so the branch are always under-staffed. I have worked here for 3 years and each year my manager got fired.","BRANCH SERVICE AND SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Georgia Woods, MD","January 17, 2019","3.0"
"Not the best place...","Spent 16 years at this bank....to be fair, aside form the last two, it was an enjoyable experience, but the last eighteen months became far too clique oriented an very cut throat, with management unwilling to assist most of the staff....the rules were arbitrary and many of the favored employees flaunted their position","Data Entry level 3","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 17, 2019","2.0"
"amazing place to get trained for sales development","I really enjoyed working at this bank and learning sales techniques for different customers. The knowledge I learned here is applicable in nearly every other job I have had, the competitiveness was not as fun.","UNIVERSAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Paoli, PA","January 16, 2019","5.0"
"Not Bad But Not Great","the day to day work is very easy and most days are slow, not the most exciting thing but its a good start and pays you money but so hard to move up in the company and teller is not a career.","Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 16, 2019","3.0"
"Ridiculous and a joke for a company","This company fired me for 'not making enough sales' AS A TELLER. I have worked for banks for years and have never heard of such a ridiculous expectation. I know the real reason they fired me, which is a form of discrimination. They do not appreciate their employees, they demand more than what your job entails, and they will work you to death.","Teller","Former Employee","Traverse City, MI","January 16, 2019","1.0"
"Productive work place","I loved working in the environment. But it could sometimes be stressful. Management didn't make things easy to work with them at times. Salary is great but not enough for cost of living","FULL TIME TELLER","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","January 15, 2019","5.0"
"Bad Place to work","Poor management!!! They hired people who is not knowledgeable about their position. For example, I already left the company and wanted to roll over my 401k to my current employer, The HR didn't even know how, they transferred me to wrong department and still nobody knows the answer. Turnover is super high!!!! Please do not waste your time here!!!!","Banker","Former Employee","Michigan","January 15, 2019","1.0"
"Good job","I was at a consolidated branch and I went for a promotion but I feel this bank lacks in management choosing or coaching due to the coverage areas being so big and only maintained by one person.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","West Ocean City, MD","January 15, 2019","4.0"
"Decent company","Decent company to work for. Unfortunately with most large companies there is an epidemic of 'not my job' when asking for assistance from other departments.","Assistant Business Banking and Branch Manager","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","January 14, 2019","3.0"
"Great Place Ron work for","Great Work Environment ! Very Motivating !! Great Career. Very Inspirational Management Team. Promotion is a Very Big Thing at this bank !!! So Many Careers Advanceent Opportunities","BSSA","Former Employee","Bensalem, PA","January 14, 2019","5.0"
" this bank Overall is a great company."," this bank is a great company to work for. Everyday you learn something new, if you need help in any situation there's always someone to help you. Whether it's the help desk or co worker. Either way you'll get an answer. Incentive pay out is pretty good too, if you do your job.","Full Time Financial Consultant","Current Employee","New Hope, PA","January 13, 2019","5.0"
"Nice Company to work for","Nice company, good people to work with most of the time. Customers are great! Enjoyed working for them. Management has a bit to work on. flexible schedules are more for the employees doing work and school not so much for every day working full time employee.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Holland, PA","January 13, 2019","4.0"
"Used to be amazing","I used to love and rave about coming to work at this bank. But then the culture really started changing. How people are treated is so inconsistent there it truly boggles the mind. No open communication anywhere in the company. Everything is so compartmentalized good luck finding out what you need to know if you did not know who to go to. Made it impossible to advance, .5-1% raises for year end. Even if you get exceeds expectations its not going to be more than 1.5%.","Compensation Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 12, 2019","1.0"
"Good place to work, but banking is changing drastically","Branch manager was great, upper management was not supportive. In the past 8 years, 4 branches will have closed in the downriver area. Banking is just changing drastically and I expect more to close in the future. Not a bad bank.. just the way banking is now","Universal Branch Specialist","Former Employee","Grosse Ile, MI","January 12, 2019","4.0"
"customer focus","take inbound calls, case management, customer focus, problem resolution, case management, hardest part of the job is keeping up with cases that are assigned.","Retail Escalation Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 11, 2019","3.0"
"bank","I was very lucky having the people I worked with , they taught me about banking since I had no knowledge about banking I aw very appreciative of them hiring me.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Northfield, NJ","January 11, 2019","5.0"
" this bank","This company is the greatest. They are company that will train you and groom you into the position you seek. So your eagerness to learn will determine how far you grow in the company. They take pride in customer service, while also taking care of their employees.","BSSR","Current Employee","Lower Nazareth, Pa","January 11, 2019","5.0"
"Okay job","The day can be crazy if people don't do your job correctly. You will get real irritated with your peers because they will have this lack of drive to help people. Your peers will often transfer customers to the wrong department and do not leave any notes. Some managers are cool and some are just lazy and don't want to help.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2019","4.0"
" this bank","Process overload no work life balance. Management struggles with Sr. Management, lots of ideas and no plan to get there. Peers were great and willing to share informaltion.","Senior Project Manager - LeaseWave","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 10, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is a great place to work.","I have worked for bank N Bank now this bank since 1988. A professional environment. I have spent most of my career and have worked in many departments to expand my knowledge to build my resume in the banking industry.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 8, 2019","5.0"
"valuable","valuable experience from years of working. opportunities available. training provided. feedback given. made good friends with customers. clean environment.","Service Manager II","Former Employee","Greenville, PA","January 8, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work excellent employees and great customers"," this bank was a great place to work and the employees were wonderful i learned a lot from working there and would recommend it. The pay was great and the care about your wellbeing. You get paid time off if you had to go on leave for any medical reasons and the send you cards for your birthday. This was a great place ti work only reason i left was medical reasons.","Bssr","Former Employee","Dearborn, MI","January 8, 2019","5.0"
"Flexible work arrangement","Ability to work from home provides flexibility. When providing support to customers, the ability to support from any location makes sense and is beneficial to all involved.","ETL Project Design Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 8, 2019","4.0"
"A good starting point","You can learn a lot by working for a large company; however something gets lost along the way when you are only a number. Some big companies have mastered how to make you feel valued and others just see you as a number.","AML - Senior Surveillance Analyst","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 7, 2019","3.0"
"Unprofessional Environment","The training is severely lacking, the management at the branch I worked in was unable to perform the basic necessities of the job, due to having zero banking experience when hired.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 7, 2019","1.0"
"It's ok","This job really all depends on your personal preference. You absolutely will just kind of blend in. You have coachings and things, but they're not as individual as they should be. You're so tied to schedule adherence that it's pretty much impossible to actually get to know any of your coworkers","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 7, 2019","3.0"
"Yes","Trying to get more informations about my employer at the same time i am still currently working there plc bank is great enviromnet place to work in but i am trying to make sure this the right thing to talk","NJ","Current Employee","central NJ","January 7, 2019","5.0"
"Lacking in career advancing opportunities"," this bank's foundation in PA and the northeast leaves much to be desired in terms of career advancement anywhere else. Management can be hit or miss, depending on the department you're in. Not a bad place to work, but don't expect great pay,","Portfolio Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 7, 2019","3.0"
"Okay, but not a high profit place.","don't expect Christmas bonuses or competative rates compared to the industry. They let you work from home and do good deeds and are a trustworthy bank. A steady job, but not the place young talent wants to stay. No career advancement and bland wages. Raises capped at 10%, while a new hire can get a huge amount more. Better to switch and get a huge jump, and then even come back.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 6, 2019","4.0"
"All Investment","Seems to be all about Investments, even when your not licensed. All staff members talking about investments. Call nights specific to Investments. There is Business Banking , consumer banking, lending, but only call night for Investments.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Stafford, VA","January 6, 2019","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work","We are a small group that handles the daily weekly and monthly problems that are branches these. We can have something as small as the light go out to something as large as a robbery at one of our branches we are on the front lines ensuring that each branch has what they need to open and service our customers daily. That puts us on the front line we have to be ready to send technicians out to correct Any issues in our branch May face.","Work Task Coordinator","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 6, 2019","5.0"
"Just Another Bank","It has been almost 10 years since I worked for this bank and yet I still remember how unhappy I was there. The management was incompetent and often times was mean. In the end this bank was just another bank looking to make a profit off of it's members. Stay away from this bank.","Switcher","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","January 4, 2019","2.0"
"Best Overall Employer","I have never been happier to go to work. Everyone from the recruiter to the help desk is amazingly wonderful. It really is like family. I left due to medical reasons. If I could have stayed, I WOULD HAVE!!!","Customer Care Representative II","Current Employee","Virtual","January 3, 2019","5.0"
"Hardest Part of my job","The hardest part of my job is not having the accurate training to do my job. No training class only to rely on your peers who have 80 + in their pipeline.","Retail banking","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 2, 2019","3.0"
"Great place","I managed a business banking center with high small business clientele. I was able to handle the pressure of sale goals mothly and quarterly. It was very transactional branch.","Business Banking Branch Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 2, 2019","4.0"
"salary is low","Branches are closing, less opportunities for growing. openoing and closing acct. Loan application. coaching new employees. follow the audit procedure. meet the quarterly goal","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Current Employee","Canton, MI","January 2, 2019","2.0"
" this bank","Overall good place, pay is not the best, benefits could def be better. But time off is pretty good. I would recommend them but they still could use work.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","January 2, 2019","3.0"
"Friendly enviornment","The environment at this bank was friendly, though the management and how business was conducted left a lot of room for improvement. I've learned a lot since working for the company, and have acquired skills I can use outside of working there. However, it there had been moments where this bank could have done better making me feel valued.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 1, 2019","4.0"
"Ok place to work to get your foot in the door","investments was a good position to learn the ropes of this bank and to get in the door to move around the bank. I enjoyed my time while I was there and moved on.","Operations Analyst Sr. - New Accounts","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 31, 2018","3.0"
"Many changes","Relationships built with clients and colleagues is the most enjoyable part of the job. Difficult to change from sales to operations. Too many recent changes that are not customer-focused","Universal Banker","Current Employee","NJ","December 30, 2018","4.0"
"Competitive Job.","I liked the atmosphere. The future support of working at this bank was very comfortable when your bosses are very understanding of your personal business as well as theirs while agreeing in the workplace. Thank you.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","December 28, 2018","4.0"
"Very nice bosses.","Bosses are very nice, you have to be a peoples person to work at this bank. Banking has to be easy to understand for you to make sales. Very important to know your products.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","December 27, 2018","3.0"
"Flexible work environment","Employees have the option to work from home or work in the office in an open workspace. The pay is low and benefits are below average compared to other verticals.","Senior IT Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 27, 2018","3.0"
"I truly enjoyed working at this bank, our department worked as a team"," this bank is very big on employee engagement. A great place to work if you want to get recognized for your efforts. I would recommend working for this bank. It is a family-friendly workplace, flex hours daycare and more.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 26, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work for training, advancement and continuing education","Extensive training before being exposed to your job. Excellent benefit, an flexible working schedule. Management was there for you to help with your job requirements and to also help with advancement. Had attainable goals.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 24, 2018","5.0"
"full of sales","Enjoyable job, wonderful co-workers and love assisting customers meet their financial goals and teaching some to budget. Hardest part of job is the goals are never good enough and expectations are very stressful.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Muskegon, MI","December 23, 2018","2.0"
"Big Corporation; family feels","I loved working for this bank. This was a company that valued customer satisfaction as well as employee satisfaction. Managers were amazing and the customers were the best.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","December 21, 2018","5.0"
" this bank is an okay company to work for","I need you to apply and work for yourself and see for yourself. At first it was great to work here but after two years I do not see any room to grow!.","Branch sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Lithonia, GA","December 20, 2018","3.0"
"A way to get one's foot in the finance door","Working for this bank played an instrumental role in the way I approached managing financial accounts and interacting with its customer base. Many of the clients weren't sure as to what was in their best interest and that is where I was able to leverage my expertise to ensure they were taken care of.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD 21403","December 20, 2018","5.0"
"Teller experience was great.","Work days consist of answering phone calls, managing money and safe. As well as satisfying customers needs and engaging with every customer who walks into this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","December 17, 2018","4.0"
"Na","Working at this bank as just ok. My day consisted of new account reviews, coaching my direct reports, training employees, handling customer complaints, reviewing transactions for errors and mitigating risk. The workplace culture was unfair and bias. One employee could get away with doing something, while another was placed on corrective action for doing the exact same thing.","Business Banking Center Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Oakmont, PA","December 17, 2018","3.0"
"Horrible place to work","They expect you to walk around inside of Giant to gain customers as well as being a teller, and a financial adviser for a low salary. The hours are long. No security guards even though we handled cash. 30 minute breaks after being on your feet for 10 hours.Upper management is only concerned about meeting sales goals. Horrible place to work.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Towson, MD","December 17, 2018","2.0"
"Great Advancement Opportunities","Work hard and you will be rewarded with easy and quick advancement opportunities. I've had great managers in many different departments that truly cared about your growth and development. As long as you express your interest in advancement, they will get you to where you want to go.","Detection and Investigation Analyst Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 17, 2018","4.0"
"Great opportunities to learn different things","This project taught me the basics of how to create a career opportunity in the Financial industry. Great experience and learning opportunities with excellent management and team.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2018","4.0"
"Decent Company to Work for","Company is really good. management is terrible. It was a great company to work for besides that. It was a good experience overall. I like there workplace banking department the best","B2B Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","December 14, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work but be on edge","The people you work with are great and the day to day activities keep you busy, but because it is so close with government work you have to make sure you are following all policies to the letter. You can be let go on a moments notice because of this regardless of how good a worker you are.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Greenwood, IN","December 13, 2018","5.0"
"It's a good place to work","Management cares about you as a person and is willing to help you succeed. There are lots of opportunities to advance your career and explore other careers within the company.","Human Resources","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2018","4.0"
"Loved this job! My favorite.","If you enjoy customer service, you will enjoy your job. Working at a bank, you have regular customer's you see periodically who trust you with their finances so you do create a bond with these people. I worked at a pretty small branch so we quickly became like family and everyone was very supportive.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","December 12, 2018","5.0"
"A great place to work to enter and/or advance your career in banking"," this bank is a great place to advance your career in a number of fields. Having held numerous positions, I have had the opportunity to hone my sales, analytical, and management skills.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 12, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Enjoyed working there. My specific department did not allow for any kind of advancement and the pay was not consistent with my 15+ years of experience.","Loan Support Associate Rep II Adjustments","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 12, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Day","Facilitate skype conference calls with management partners . Schedule my day, week, month . Compile and distribute analytical data reports. Prepare for upcoming meetings and audits I would be facilitating . Prepare for training classes I would be facilitating in the near future Travel to my next regional branch destination for a next day visit. Complete the branch visit . Complete the follow up findings and distribute and coach accordingly . Follow up on the follow up plan with management to ensure compliance and to alleviate any questions or concerns","Loss Prevention Manager","Former Employee","NA","December 12, 2018","5.0"
"working on the phones can be stressful","The division of this bank I was previously employed is inconsistent w/ new information and not good at all when you're conversing with customer all day in a call center setting. On how they do things especially in IRA Ops in particular is very meager which can be shameful with no defense when explaining policies and practices.","SUPPORT OPERATIONS","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2018","1.0"
"It was a great entry point for someone new to banking","Initial training was well done and thorough. You spent time training at job start then would weave work/training together as you start the first few months. The UBC position was just rolling out at the time, so there was a big push to get many employees (new/old) up to speed on being a teller/platform associate. Once on goal, you had to make a sales minimum to get paid your bonus. Some were fortunate to work in busier branches than others. They implemented a cold calling program about mid-way through my tenure to gain appointments with existing customers. In this type of setting, you were always trying to involve yourself with customers- so everybody was looking over their shoulder. Management was good and there was decent pressure to perform, not overwhelming. Many of the best employees would leave for better positions with other banks. That was told to me at an early stage, and it came true for me as well. I was grateful for the training and mentoring I received there. It definitely helped get my next job.","UNIVERSAL BRANCH CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Chapel Hill, NC","December 10, 2018","3.0"
"Communication and focus could be improved","Each group ion this bank operates in a silo and there seems to be no will to change that. Upper management is very good, but middle management lacks vision and was not always transparent. There is an extreme focus on resolving issues but not a focus on preventing small problems before they escalate.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2018","4.0"
"Poor Management","The environment at this bank did not foster teamwork or support by management. Your personal success was viewed as a threat to management. The pay was poor.","Collections Representative II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2018","1.0"
"No advancement","No advancement outside of retail in my area,poor compensation for the hours worked,mandatory 6 day weeks two times a month as a manager. Work life balance needs to be revamped.","VP Branch Manager Senior","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 9, 2018","3.0"
"Was in the IT Field Services Organization","Worked with a 3rd party supplier that supplied services very similar to Bizbang.(company that I am interested in working for) The work included tracking and scheduling refresh of current inventory of PCs. Most challenging part was locating the PCs since they were often moved from employee to employee by users. Most satisfying part of the role was working with the employees and helping them in their day to day efforts. Management was very competent","IT Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 8, 2018","4.0"
"Not my cup of tea","This job is a virtual customer care service. It is hard to communicate via Skype. Training is thorough but not thorough enough. a lot of sitting. Customers are hard to deal with and support is there but not easily accessible. A lot of challenges in 6 months.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","December 7, 2018","3.0"
"Management","Management would take sales comments and stereo type employees based on sales, without getting to know the work ethics of the employees gearing work to others to make employees appear not being able to meet goals.","Senior Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","December 6, 2018","3.0"
"N/a"," this bank is a great place to work for entry level positions. I have learned a great deal throughout my tenure there through coaching, development, and collaborative team efforts. Upper management however is out of touch and does not seem to care for their employees much more than a number. There's a great deal of micro management and conference calls. The most enjoyable piece of the bank is servicing the clients of the bank.","Business Banking Center Branch Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","December 6, 2018","3.0"
"Revolving Door of Financial Knowledge","Their are so many different skills that one could obtain on both the teller side and the Sale and Service side of the banking world. Tellers learn the importance of cash management. Bankers learn the ins and out of products from DDA's to HELOC's.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Newport News, VA","December 6, 2018","5.0"
"Poor management and poor pay","It's laughable that this bank tries to preach employee financial wellness but chooses to pay $35/k a year for a risk job and a degree. Raises only occur if you meet all expectations and my raise was $400 added to my salary for the YEAR. Not a livable wage. My management team had both good and bad. High turnover because of the poor management and poor communication. Management does not care about the people under them., are defensive and take things personally. One boss even specifically told us not to talk on our lunch break sitting at our desk because he was in a bad mood. Management is constantly in meetings and never available. The team was great and there are a lot of great people. People coming in from the outside have more opportunities than those within because they don't have a 'meets some' rating on their reviews. A lot of people get those meets some and can't get a raise or advance within because other departments won't interview with that on their file. Be ready for change. Our department was constantly going they departmental changes and process changes. Technology is a joke. You need multiple programs to do your job and nothing works cohesively or just will not work at all sometimes. this bank's IT is awful. Training was minimal, however, you have 'errors' that work against you and either screw you or those who are in Quality review. The benefits are okay. The best thing is the maternity leave. After one year, you can receive 12 weeks 100% paid and can also have a few weeks with parental leave which is 100% paid. This was just from my specific department.","Detection and Investigation analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 5, 2018","2.0"
"Typical Day","Typical Day is inquiries by customers. You are a problem solver for many, and a familiar face for others. People trust you with their hard earned money, therefore want to understand exactly what is happening (and can happen) to their hard earned finances.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","December 4, 2018","4.0"
"Ethics Issues","Toxic Masculinity encouraged, unprofessional environment. Toxic and highly exploitive culture in general, not a pleasant place to work. Most colleagues expressed feeling stressed, overworked and underpaid.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","December 4, 2018","1.0"
"good","Work was fine. Management poor. Too many supervisors and managers and they all wanted to have everything done a different way. but it was overall okay","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Delaware","December 3, 2018","5.0"
"Stressful! Fast paced work environment","The department you work in determines the culture of the work group. Bathroom breaks are scheduled and time limited..You can move to other work groups","Help Desk Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 3, 2018","3.0"
"Unfair"," this bank will only allow you to receive certain advancements that only they allow and barely any type of raise, but will higher someone else outside the company who could possibly be making 10k more than you just for coming from outside the company. They do not help out employees for doing good in the company and advancing.","Client Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 3, 2018","1.0"
"Quality company and clear vision","Quality company with clear vision. At every opportunity the vision for the company is shared from top to bottom and that allowed for an effective work environment","Branch Manager","Current Employee","North Carolina","December 2, 2018","4.0"
"Great benefits","Great Benefits, Great team to work with. Support you all throughout. Celebrates associate achievements regularly. Managers exudes positive attitude in the workplace. Reviews employee standing. Paid training.","Teller","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL 34986","December 2, 2018","4.0"
"Take the Good with the Bad","Welcome to the Machine - Upper Executive Management is mostly Excellent and Willing to Talk 1:1 / Deep Political Trenches and Fiefdoms in Local Banking Teams / Market President. Watch who you align with or not with as the case may be.","Anonymous","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 1, 2018","4.0"
"Unethical expectations","I would not recommend this bank because of the type of behaviors required by management. A banker job should focus on the client experience, not taking advantage of clients.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Boca Raton, FL","December 1, 2018","1.0"
"Stressful sales forced environment","typical work day was as any other financial institution, teller type environment, opening and/or closing of accounts, loans, customer service, healthy and clean work environment.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Arnold, MO","December 1, 2018","3.0"
"Excellent Company To Work For","It was a Very Great Company to work for. Very helpful & knowledge in growing & learning.Support of a customer based structure to perform accurate and promptly performing financial transactions. • Process consumer and corporate transactions (deposit, payments, withdrawal and cash advance payment(s). • Oversee and reconcile financial transactions of over 100 accounts daily. • Balance cash transactions daily for customer and corporate accounts. • Answers and routes incoming customer calls. • Proactively promote customer education about this bank products, services and alternative financial channels. • Perform regular ATM maintenance.","Teller","Former Employee","Twin Rivers, NJ","November 30, 2018","5.0"
"Great Place to work with","Shared a long standing union with this bank and worked remotely with some times flex work hours. Allowed me to travel and have a great balanced life and will highly recommend the place","REGULATORY REPORTING SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 30, 2018","4.0"
"Horrible turnover & management","Management was weak and inconsistent. After 33 years you would think that you would have some value with the company but that is not the case at all. They just don't care about their employees one bit. Total contradiction of the companies mission statement and what they say their values are. Employees are treated very different and very unfairly. The benefits package is the only good thing that I can say good about the company.","Teller lead","Former Employee","Medford, NJ","November 29, 2018","1.0"
"Productive and fun working environment","It was great working at this bank. Recently they have adopted the Agile framework. I have loved my days of work at this bank. The team has been very supportive. It was fun work environment.","RPA Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 29, 2018","4.0"
"Not good environment for minorities","the environment is very segregated. Leadership does not have a value system the support success. Poor moral , no integrity , no support , no training , more work given even when already at full capacity","Banking and Financial Services Test Lead","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 29, 2018","1.0"
"Beginning was great","Everything was fine for the most part until the goals started to happen and wanted you to make high credit card goals and opening accounts as well but it was a good first job to get into banking.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","November 29, 2018","4.0"
"Typical bank job with typical expectations","If you work with great people in a branch, this bank can be quite the pleasant place. You need to be a people person as you will interact with dozens of customers every day. Management above a branch manager can be extremely incompetent (hence my departure).","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 28, 2018","3.0"
"Decent employer, with most of management being supportive.","Most management is supportive. It truly depends on what area you are in, and the manager in that region. Work/life balance is off...but with technology, I think that's probably the norm everywhere. The hardest part of the job was trying to incorporate teamwork. Operational and Sales team are very divisive, and almost seems to be encouraged to be that way.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","North Carolina","November 28, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is a bad place to work","My experience working for this bank was not the best. The management is allowed to retaliate against the workers if they take disputes to upper management. They are falsely accused of transgressions that in turn get them fired. There is no viable coaching or training when something is done wrong. Leaders were leaving the department based on how poorly other managers were acting. All in all it was not a; good place to work.","ACCOUNT MANAGER","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 27, 2018","1.0"
"busy","very busy teams. plenty of staying current with new standards. lots of change across the board. very customer focused, the customer experience is a big priority.","Application Developer Lead","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 27, 2018","4.0"
"productive and competitve","Coworkers are great and all come together with having such a small staff. Hours are great and accommodating and always room to advance career. Nothing to complain about with working for this bank, great company and would have stayed if I did not relocate","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Sparta, NJ","November 26, 2018","5.0"
"workplace culture","there was good days and bad days.. the bad out weighed the good. In hard and challenging times the company was non supportive and understanding of timely demanding issues but expect for team members to be understanding. The work required did not match the time it took to complete certain tasks as well as the compensation.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 26, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work.","I had incredible support from my manager and the branch offices. this bank is a great place to work. The hardest part of the job was the 100% commission compensation. I left because I was recruited by Wells Fargo.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","November 25, 2018","5.0"
"Loved the industry","With this, as any customer service job, ther is an opportunity to build rapport and relationships with your customers. This was something I loved with this job. But if there is a harassment issue don't waste your time because HR with do nothing to help you. I called three times over the course of two months and my problem was dismissed.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","November 25, 2018","4.0"
"good place to work","very fast paced but great people to work with, cut throat hours and a stiff working hours but management is fair if you talk to them for wiggle room. always room to advance","Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 25, 2018","4.0"
"discipline and financial intergrity","good working place with more discipline , respect and values to ensure the financial well being of the customers and much more care for employees of the bank","financial advisor and a member","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 25, 2018","5.0"
"Good","Great place to work fast pace customer focused. Managers work with you if need assistance or have a emergency. Overtime is great and you get time and a half.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 22, 2018","5.0"
"Lack of decision makers.","They pay people a lot of money to run projects that are micro managed and there is too much input from people who have no knowledge of said project. Second level management is usually afraid to finalize anything in fear of being second guessed. Too many dollars are spent on salaries of people who won't make a decision---people are afraid to rock the boat.","Vice President","Former Employee","Various","November 22, 2018","3.0"
"Unable to give opinion","Unable to give an adequate opinion at this time. Recent market turmoil has made for unusual internal dynamics. Overall, a supportive environment with some ambiguity.","associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 20, 2018","4.0"
"Needs Improvement","Based on some of the techniques within the business, the business need to focus on the structure of the staff and not too much on the customers, employees have a family also and would need a day off to take care of their personal issues.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 20, 2018","1.0"
"At the time the nation's largest home purchase mortgage lender.","At the time the nation's largest home purchase mortgage lender. I was able to work with some exceptional individuals in leadership here. Some of the most important things about mentoring started with this company for me.","Senior Loan Officer","Former Employee","Lake Forest, CA","November 20, 2018","4.0"
"9-5 grind","day to day is inbound calls. Willing to get you your finra licenses but the day to day is monotonous and unfulfilling. This is a position good for getting your licensees but is clearly not where you want to be for the rest of your days","Support Representative Specialty","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 20, 2018","3.0"
"teller","It was a great place to work a good team a fun place and the customer were very nice and looked forward to seeing you on a regulars basis. contest were great and management was excellent.","Teller II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","November 20, 2018","5.0"
"Okay company, micro managed","Job was eliminated - whatever. But the company was okay. They micromanage everything in the branches which is okay for some but others may find difficulty with the servere lack of autonomy. Company does care about customers and growth but I'm not sure about it's lower level employers. Pay isn't great, hours aren't great, lunch isn't paid, branch stay open late and somehow I almost always ended up closing and getting home at 7pm (banker hours apparently). My branch never accepted snow emergencies as reason to be late despite multiple roads being closed and whitnessing a car slide off the road in front of me - literally call 911 and directed them to the car which went down a hill but still got yelled at.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2018","4.0"
"changes","every job has changes however most of the changes should include everyday workers ; should be better training better updates and not last minute updates.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 19, 2018","3.0"
"good place to work, definately not great.","good not bad place to work. I recommend anyone interested in banking apply elsewhere first. The policies and procedures alone are like reading an encyclopedia online and there is little to no support on understanding how backwards there operating systems are.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","November 19, 2018","4.0"
"Hard to advance. Data driven, poor management decisions, lack of accountability","Very difficult to advance, depending on what tier you're hired on. If it isn't captured in a number, it's easily overlooked. Hard work and initiative will not be compensated, and recommendations, even from tenured staff (depending on level), will not, measurable, aid a competitive advantage.","Retail Lending Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH 45342","November 18, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for. They cared about their employees and took care of them. A person could see a great career path that could be followed. Would recommend.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","November 17, 2018","4.0"
"excellant company","enjoyed working for this bank , different jobs daily not the same old routine, worked as a subcontractor for this bank and did maintenance work on the bank branches","Maintenance Contractor","Former Employee","Southgate, MI","November 17, 2018","5.0"
"great work environment, great management,"," this bank is a great work environment, I enjoy going to work every day my manager makes it easy to excel at what I am doing and What to continue to grow and learn more only down side is that compensation could be better","Branch Sales Associate","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","November 16, 2018","5.0"
"Predatory Capitalism"," this bank is not atypical within corporate America -- but it is certainly just as appalling and unethical as any other bank, it simply wields many jargon-laced smoke screens with which to shield itself. My manager barely acts like a human being. In fact, almost none of the upper management (especially the corporate sales reps from other departments) are human-like at all. Speaking to them, it's like there is not a single genuine bone in their body, like the humanity has been slowly winnowed out of their soul. I've sat in on meetings and calls where not a single direct, or useful, thing was said in two entire hours. They are attempting to turn their employees into jargon-spewing monsters, too; utter automatons. Positioning and capability statements are gross and no one - particularly not younger people - will ever be drawn in by an in-person commercial delivered by a robotic employee. With the heavy sales focus, we are highly incentivized to focus all of our attention to wealthy clients while ignoring the impoverished and those with genuine need. The overdraft fees are predatory and atrocious - and this bank is content to continue to milk the elderly and physically disabled for fees that continue to make their financial life a source of stress and chaos. I've been tempted to recommend customers like that to another bank. I genuinely hope that when younger people garner the reins of power from institutions like these, that the bloodsucking corporate leeches are thrown out. Also, voiceCX is terrible. Please stop basing your employees confidence on the COMPLETELY arbitrary whims - more...","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 16, 2018","2.0"
"Fun place to work","I loved my time at this bank. I made a lot of great friends there that I am still in contact with even though I am four states away. I wish I could go back but I don't think they will pay enough for my experience.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 16, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Certain branches are easier to work at. The branch I worked at had poor management. Other branches I visited or assisted with were very laid back and fun work environments.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 16, 2018","4.0"
"Fun place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank and made some lasting relationships with many people. The environment for the most part was laid back and care free. Management was very nice and the culture was inviting.","COLLECTIONS REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","November 16, 2018","2.0"
"N/a","My apologies but I do not feel comfortable sharing this information in this forum. Like any company it has its pros and cons but I do not wish to share that info in this space.","Organizational Change Enablement Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 16, 2018","3.0"
"It was my first banking job","I Loved it here at this bank but good thing must come to an end. The pay rate for tellers was lower than any of the surrounding banks but i loved my job,","Teller I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 15, 2018","5.0"
"Laid back environment","I worked for this bank through the temp agency Aerotek. I worked on a project for 3 months and was told I would have my contract extended. The project was extended and rescinded due to lack of work.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 15, 2018","2.0"
"Overwork for less pay.","They overwork you and do not pay what the job is worth. And if you make a mistake it is not their fault. Advancement is not so easy here. They exploit their workers. They will never fired you unless they have a good reason to not have to pay unemployment.","BUSINESS BANKING II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 15, 2018","3.0"
"Very good when it came to working at home","Not a bad place to work but training for new products not long enough. Company would put you directly on the phone when you were not sure or comfortable with new product which would cause customers to become frustrated and angry. Customers felt you did not know what you were talking about.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 15, 2018","3.0"
"Great Caliber of professionals","Duties included Branch and Client Visits along with New Prospecting Efforts in building book of business. Great growth in Credit Underwritting and portfolio management. Great Team Environment . Hardest part of the Job was the juggle of multiple retail facilities. Most enjoyable was the people I worked with.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","November 14, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work overall","Upper management stressed sales too much to all positions. This would create issues with customers and our own performance evaluations. Other than that, no complaints.","Teller","Current Employee","Newark, DE","November 14, 2018","4.0"
"Nice People","Nice People, a decent amount of hard working individuals. Company is open to finding a job that is of interest to you. Salary growth is hard to achieve. Decent benefits.","Product Owner","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2018","4.0"
"Seems fun at first...","Unless you are in Pittsburgh, there's not much advancement. In Retail Bank, they have taken away individuals' style and techniques that make us unique. We are all robots to them, having to learn their way to sell and make calls. It has become too much. The sales pressure has now become too much and the fun is gone.","DeNovo Branch Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 14, 2018","3.0"
"Too Cut throat","I witnessed my manager 'piggy back' off of my sales, we were required to record all of our employee referrals and after I made a referral they would approach the client and talk to them again. Going over the same financial products I did and then make a referral for themselves.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Dover, DE","November 13, 2018","3.0"
"Goal-oriented, consumer market","Provided materials, and education to further knowledge in our product and consumer needs/goals. Constant training on new products, marketing strategies. Provided Benefits and a great 401K","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Flemington, NJ 08822","November 13, 2018","5.0"
"Delivery of documents","Had to deliver bank documents to Philadelphia before a certain time I order to be paid accordingly. Once I arrived at the location , had to process and cross check for errors or concerns.","Van Driver","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","November 13, 2018","5.0"
"poor management and very competitive","Very competitive, you can get corrective action write ups a lot due to a lot of laws and regulations. Those who do not follow policy and procedures, spend a lot of time doing personal things are the ones that get promoted, not the ones that actually do what they are supposed to.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","November 12, 2018","2.0"
"Good step in the door job","A great place to gain experience but wouldn't recommend the retail industry as a place for long term employment unless one desires to go into management then its for you.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","November 12, 2018","3.0"
"Great place","This is a great place to work for the benefits and pay, but if you're looking to advance it's almost impossible. The pay is great for what you do, but working to death (days days with Sundays off) can get stressful when you're missing out on family stuff.","Teller","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","November 12, 2018","4.0"
"productive","typical work day is to process mortgage payment sort mail i learn how to process mortgage payment the management was there but not very helpful work culture was not very friendly","Lock box clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","November 12, 2018","3.0"
"fast paced, banking environment","Typical day at work consists of you helping clients with their banking needs, wasn't so bad the hardest part of the job is dealing with managements and irate customers","Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","November 12, 2018","3.0"
"productive, positive.","My manager was very nice. But his manager(the regional) wasn't. The atmosphere is pretty competitive among coworkers but as far as the company, you're expected to sell sell sell, even when there are no new customers. It's nonstop standing the entire time, which was unexpected since I picture platform bankers sitting behind a desk. If you don't sell you're given constant coaching as if you're not performing well when in reality there are few chances to even sell.","CONSUMER SUPPORT ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 11, 2018","5.0"
"Manager: The worst I ever had.","Manager in NJ my territory PA. Without more than one hour a week she was telling me where I should go on appointments ect....She could not find her way to my territory. I should have been assigned to Scranton office. Glad to be gone!!!","Business Development Representative","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","November 10, 2018","1.0"
" this bank","Good Company that supports their works and offers an opportunity to have a good work life balance. They offer lots of opportunity to advance and learn","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 10, 2018","5.0"
"Room for growth"," this bank is definitely a company where there is room for growth. There are a lot of opportunities in many different roles. There are a lot of benefits for new employees coming on board from salary to PTO. However, for those who have been with the company for 5, 10, 15 years they feel that they are being left behind and that this bank don't appreciate their loyalty as new employees are getting some of the same benefits they only received by doing their time. Also, they are coming in with better pay.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","November 10, 2018","4.0"
"Successful company with opportunities for employees to grow"," this bank is a terrific company - performing well across the industry and affords it's employees plenty of opportunities for career growth. The company's mission is focused on the customer - for technology employees, this provides significant opportunities to grow as an employee while making banking better for the customer.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Ohio","November 9, 2018","4.0"
"Productive and fast-paced","I truly enjoyed working at this bank, I would recommend anyone to apply for a job there. It is a very stressed place but the managers are awesome especially all the branches I worked for.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 9, 2018","5.0"
"Great People, Culture, and Environment"," this bank is a great place to start a career. The pay is a little lower than average but the experience and amount of skilled bankers and managers is worth it for early career starters.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 8, 2018","3.0"
"Productive and active place that nurses growth and development","During the time I spend at this bank I was able to learn and develop personal and professional growth that helped me achieved goal at work and personal. Great company to work for.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","November 8, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work. management is terrible","it is a great place to work. the hours are wonderful and the pay is good but the management they have running some of the branches are terrible. they expect the bankers to do their job but are not a good role model in that aspect.","BSSR","Current Employee","North Vernon, IN","November 8, 2018","3.0"
"Excellent place to work","Great management team. Well inducted training crew. Customer ervice is exceptional and team building instilled. Would recommend this company for anyone wanting to go into the financial sector.","Teller","Former Employee","Orange Beach, AL","November 8, 2018","4.0"
"Customer service is difficult especially at branch level"," this bank is not very much fun to work for at the branch level, this position has become very sales orientated meaning that only numbers and calls matter. Work life balance leaves much to be desired by working long hours with little pay. While coworkers are fun you must stay at the position in order to move up, but once your year is up, you can only move up one career level with usually no bonus.","Branch Sales and Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 7, 2018","2.0"
" this bank","Overall a good place to work but very limited advancement for investments but lots of advancement for retail positions. Very good continued education and never leave without an answer for clients","Branch service and sales associate","Current Employee","Akron, OH","November 7, 2018","4.0"
"Poor leadership and a declining culture","Change in leadership have resulted in a decline in culture. Managers are no longer empowered to make decisions, as this is all run from the top of the house. If the CEO doesn't think there are enough cars in the garage, no one can work from home nay more. Trying to act like a big bank, but still running it like a local bank. If you are not in Pittsburgh, forget about it...","Operations","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2018","2.0"
"nice place to work","I would still be there if my position was not eliminated. I got along great with my manager and the rest of the staff. I learned how to be a better supervisor through the wonderful coaching of my manager.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","November 7, 2018","5.0"
"Fast paced work environment","Fast paced work environment with excellent benefits and great opportunity for advancement. Enjoyed working for this company for the five years I was employed.","Client Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent place to work","Excellent place to work. Great work life balance. Fantastic organization with a lot of quality teams and management. Highly recommend to anyone who applies there.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 6, 2018","5.0"
"not applicable"," this bank was ok. the managers i worked for were very nice and most employees there were always willing to help you if needed. just didn't like being on phones all day and every minute was crucial to be on phones.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 6, 2018","4.0"
"Pushed to Sell! Unrealistic Expectations","My manager was very nice. But his manager(the regional) wasn't. The atmosphere is pretty competitive among coworkers but as far as the company, you're expected to sell sell sell, even when there are no new customers. It's nonstop standing the entire time, which was unexpected since I picture platform bankers sitting behind a desk. If you don't sell you're given constant coaching as if you're not performing well when in reality there are few chances to even sell.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","November 6, 2018","2.0"
"Good people, but work life balance is a struggle"," this bank is a good place to work; however, the work life balance is not so great. Management constantly stresses completing the plan over ensuring the wellness of their employees.","Compliance Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 5, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is a great company to start a career in the financial services field","However in my experience, this bank was not there when my manager abuse me in many ways, Even though i reported it they didn't do anything. Management needs to me reviewed.","BSSA - Personal Banker","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 5, 2018","3.0"
"ok","it was ok for the most part , stressful and fast paced just about everyday , so you would have to enjoy that type of work . workplace culture was cool","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","November 5, 2018","3.0"
"New Challenges for Employees","One of the best things about working at this bank is the opportunity for employees to take on new challenges. This engages employees to search out opportunities to help improve not only themselves, but the company as well.","Anti-Money Laundering Sanctions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"personal banker","If you are looking for a long career with the ability to grow within the same company than this bank is the place for you. great benefits and great vacation time. Worked with customers to meet their banking goals and needs . Work the phones and greet customers with a friendly helping smile","Customer Service Sales Consultant","Former Employee","chicago il","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"Normal Workplace","At my branch, was a normal job, as in most banks there is pressure for sales, but my experience there was pleasant. customers and coworkers are very friendly","Customer Service","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"Productive family oriented fun environment","Very enjoyable company to work for. Everyone got along and helped each other out. Customer's loved our friendly service. All of the employees got along and worked well together. We loved problem solving and coming up with satisfactory resolutions to achieve high customer satisfaction. We all kept up to date with the latest technologies and marketing and sales strategies to increase our profits.","Executive Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Merrillville In","November 5, 2018","5.0"
"Flexible work from home schedule.","Very relaxed yet sometimes fast paced environment. Extremely nice people to work with. I have not seen much interdepartmental movement so not sure about promoting from within.","SENIOR LOAN PROCESSING ANALYST","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful and not a friendly enviorment","Working condition is getting worst every year at this bank.Too much pressure for making sales. Expectations of job requirements is overwhelming in addition to my regular job responsibilites. No overtime pay","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","November 4, 2018","2.0"
"Good, stable company","Company has good benefits and fair compensation. Departments tend to be under staffed, partly due to turnover. Overall work environment is good, and employees are helpful and collaborative.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2018","4.0"
"Great Environment","I really loved my position. The only reason I left was I wanted to utilize my insurance licenses. I loved the team I belonged to everyone always willing to help each other.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL 60194","November 3, 2018","5.0"
"It was greart and then I knew it was time to leave.","I held three difference positions at this bank. Management, Wealth Management and Business Banking and loved BB the most. It was challenged and had a super boss.","AVP - Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Warren, PA","November 2, 2018","3.0"
"Hm","If you work there i will say everyone seems nice but they are not. The moment they can they will start rumors or talk badly to you not only amongst themselves but to customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Fishers, IN","November 2, 2018","2.0"
"Great","Great place to work. But really banking is changing so much. The pressure is way more than what it use to be. Other than that. Great work life balance and great benefits.","Teller","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","November 1, 2018","5.0"
"Collaborative working environment with questionable leadership"," this bank has a strong culture of inclusion and collaboration. However, the lack of process and reliance on relationships as a means of getting business done is ineffective post merger with bank N. Leadership direction is unclear and often plagued with lack of prioritization. Collaborative bend has created a culture of decision (or more accurately indecision) by committee. Roles and responsibilities are not always clear, decision makers hard to identify. The organization is not nimble or fast-paced, slowed somewhat by regulatory requirements but otherwise by self-imposed bureaucracy. People are nice, willing to help - but slow to provide constructive feedback. It rates high for me personally due to work-life balance with flexibility options to meet both professional and personal needs.","Operations Group Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 1, 2018","3.0"
"great place to work!"," this bank always treated me fairly and let me explore my ideas. they listened to my thought and tried their best within their guidelines to help the employees be successful.","BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","New Boston, MI","November 1, 2018","5.0"
"Avoid this place","So when I worked for them in the begining it seemed ok but for your training they send you far and the travel is a nightmare then policy and procedure seemed to change daily so forget what you learned cause it will change without notice which makes you look stupid helping the customers. They say they want to do whats right for the client when the sales goals are pushed on them so much that you are then forced to do whats not right for them just to get them off your back and to still have a job. Turn over was so high and management has favorites that when they continuously do bad they keep letting it happen. Don't expect a raise ever if your surveys aren't a perfect 5 and you must meet your ridiculous sales goals as well. No room to advance and running around for nothing and don't believe banker hours when you hear it, no such thing. Long hours and then the BM would keep you after hours and also expect you to do events and reach out as well so no work life balance whatsoever. I say keep looking and don't bother with this unprofessional place just keep clear of this place.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Batavia, IL","November 1, 2018","1.0"
"I loved working for this bank","I ended up in a different office where I didn't fit in as well. But this bank as a whole is a wonderful place to work. They offer lots of help and benefits.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Saline, MI","November 1, 2018","5.0"
"Stagnant and demanding work place with constantly changing expectations","Expectations and requirements frequently changing. Staffing not conducive to a successful work environment. Do your job and do it well, tomorrow new things will be added. Frustrating environment where the customer is always right even when they scream at you and treat you poorly.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Branch, MI","October 31, 2018","3.0"
"Professional workplace environment, lacking in employee compensation","At this position i would handle anywhere from 35-55 loan applications, assigned directly to me. I would reach out every few days to try to move the applications forward towards closing. The hardest part of the job was the ever-changing metrics our bonuses and performance was based on, and the lack of communication from management. However, the most enjoyable part was the hours and the environment. It was a very relaxed, friendly, fun environment that let you work at your own pace. Direct managers were great, upper management was the issue within our department.","Loan Process Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 31, 2018","3.0"
