4450,"Awesome Career","Make it the best you can I loved my time here at this bank I just wish they would paymore money they pay a little under the market","Branch Manager AVP","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","June 14, 2016","5.0"
4451,"Great place to work","I have really enjoyed my time at this bank. I have been able to learn a lot and move up within the company. However, when I graduated from law school they were unable to find a position for me in the company.","Default Specialist III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2016","5.0"
4452,"Good Experience","I love working for the company however the compensation is not quite where I wish it were. Great advancement opportunities to broaden your experience but no real shift in salary. I have a great manager, but I do believe this aspect could really make or break your experience.","Financial Services Representative 111","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2016","4.0"
4453,"Unstable and Unfocused","The potential at the branch level is immense. However the structure of the organization provided more obstacles than opportunities.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Eatontown, NJ","June 10, 2016","2.0"
4454,"productive and fun working place","working with coordination and helping each other to accomplish the task going on in the company plan. plus creating conducive environment in the work plac thanks","Network Admin","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","June 10, 2016","5.0"
4455,"Productive workplace, talented co-workers","I enjoyed working at this bank, everyone on the team was focused on delivering the highest quality service/product in a respectful working atmosphere.","Business Analyst - Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 9, 2016","5.0"
4456,"need to be self- starter","The management seems to be very negative.Training platform was very poorly setup. Without support from our managers it was hard to succeed.","Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 8, 2016","3.0"
4457,"Great benefits-harsh management","Great benefits but management expected too much from employees with very little pay. 401k and pension are provided as well as great benefits for working mothers","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","June 8, 2016","4.0"
4458,"Many issues within this bank"," this bank...antiquated systems that leave their employees high and dry, upper management constantly changing, one conference call after another, just chasing numbers to make them look good, new incentive structure lessen payouts with more production. Not the client centric bank it originated from due to chasing stock price of 100$ per share. Every change that came down the river was a negative one towards ground level employees in the branches/call centers, which was very often because I feel this bank is trying to find their identity in the retail banking world. Regional national trying to be a Wells Fargo with Bill Gates Dos operating systems, Don't waste your time if your smart, people person, and have a mind of your own, because you will be formed into a corporate robot within the first 90 days.","Sr Branch Manager II","Current Employee","PA","June 6, 2016","2.0"
4459,"Employee appreciation week is very nice","I have had the opportunity to learn about the post default and property preservation; the hardest part of the job is the increase work and less help","Late Stage Support Specialist Senior","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 6, 2016","3.0"
4460,"Productive work environment","A productive work environment. A friendly team. A wonderful service. Easily maintianable balance between work and general life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 4, 2016","4.0"
4461,"Experienced customer service associate","Polished, professional customer service rep offering: 10 years of experience providing customer support in busy call center environments for financial service industry employers. An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty. Strategic-relationship/partnership-building skills -- listen attentively, solve problems creatively, and use tact and diplomacy to find common ground and achieve win-win outcomes.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2016","3.0"
4462,"Love this bank","I absolutely loved working for this bank. The company really values it's employment and the personal and professional growth of their employees. Due to the high value of the employees, it shows through to the customers so that the customers feel valued as well. I only left because they couldn't accommodate my school schedule at the time. I would love to go back to the company in a corporate perspective because I was just a teller.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 2, 2016","5.0"
4463,"Good work/life balance. Emphasis on relationship with clients and their financial well-being.","Client-centered company, truly concerned about clients' well-being. Benefits are good, work/life balance excellent. Good working conditions, great fiscal policies.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","June 1, 2016","3.0"
4464,"Great work-life balance, less than median pay","People and culture are great. Very collaborative and helpful. Typically a bit lower paid than other institutions. The bank has a very flexible work-life balance that allows the vast majority of employees work from home if they wish. I would recommend working here.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Houston, TX","June 1, 2016","5.0"
4465,"Part Time Teller Indianapolis","I am a part time teller. I work 26 hours per week. I love my job and management team. The Management Team will back you up and we are like family. My co-workers are great. We always have each other and we work as a team. I have really learned banking skills to make me successful. The most enjoyable part of my job is my this bank. family at work. I love my job and I love the customers who make my job so enjoyable.","Part time Teller 26 hours","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 1, 2016","5.0"
4466,"Strong Work Culture, but....","Enjoyed the relationship with my peers, however it felt very segregated between teams. Managers often felt too superior and spent much time on personal work. I can vouch for it, because I sat next to my team lead and she was taking personal calls all day for her other job.","Business Banking Service Specialist - Tier II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 31, 2016","3.0"
4467,"good pay","the pay is fine the people are nice and it is a good place to work I love this bank with all of my heart positive review from this chick here woop woop","CREDIT CARD SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","May 31, 2016","5.0"
4468,"Great place to work","its a great place to work, benefits are good and diversity at workplace is excellent, co-worker definitely the best part of my day. the most enjoyable part of my day is that I can be myself , management is a part that I have a lot of respect for the support given through the years.","Bilingual Loan Processor","Current Employee","pittsbugh","May 30, 2016","4.0"
4469,"Great company but job security is becoming an issue","Opportunity for growth is very evident. Diversity throughout the company is encouraging. Job security not as strong as it has been in the past with recent layoffs","Call Quality Coach","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 30, 2016","4.0"
4470,"Great company","Great company with several opportunities for advancement. great for someone who is new to banking to gain experience in different lines of business, as they are all frequently looking for candidates.","Fraud and Loss Analyst I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 30, 2016","5.0"
4471,"Great company up North.","Due to low market share in the south, the company is still trying to figure out the south which makes for very pressured environment.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","May 28, 2016","2.0"
4472,"Waste of time","You will be humiliated working at this bank. There's not enough training in the world for all the inconsistent training and changes they make daily. Wish I never fell for the positive and enthusiastic smiles and comments. They played me well.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","May 26, 2016","2.0"
4473,"Management needs work","management is always changing. Someone needs to figure out why we keep changing people around. It was good company to work with but everyone is micromanaged all the time.","Branch Operations Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 26, 2016","3.0"
4474,"Dream Job","I love my job and my coworkers. Great opportunity for development that provides a great quality of life. I would love to retire at this bank but I also would like to move to another state. I hope this bank moves to the state that I would like to move to.","Analyst II","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","May 25, 2016","4.0"
4475,"Nice place to work","It's a nice bank to work for. They are more relaxed than their competitors. Managers are nice and willing to help. I enjoyed all the perks and benefits as well.","FINANCIAL SERVICES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 23, 2016","4.0"
4476,"Great Co-Workers, and I love the Job"," this bank has been a great company to work for however I cannot reapply into the company with in the first year and I believe our branch will be closing due to low customer usage. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this company.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Vicksburg, MI","May 23, 2016","4.0"
4477,"Loveable Enviroment."," this bank was a nice job, the only issue I have is with they policies and procedures of running the banking business. My job was to help customers around not only their bank accounts, but also credit cards, online banking, mortgage and loans.","Customer care Specialist III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2016","5.0"
4478,"Life at this bank","I managed 5 people on the teller line. I would start at 8 am and review the ATM cash balance and adjust accordingly. I would complete schedules for the tellers. I would also complete the training for new tellers which began at corporate in a classroom environment. I was in charge of all the operations in the branch which included ordering cash and cash supplies, rectifying customer issues, completing weekly schedules, and balancing the branch's on hand cash. When one of the teller's vaults came up short $20,000, a full investigation proceeded from which management decided that I was not trained well enough for my job and I was demoted to a teller. At that point, I wasn't making enough money to live and I had to leave. I enjoyed seeing the same customers and developing a good relationship with them. I didn't enjoy seeing the deceit among employees which included suspicion or thievery as well as jealousy of pay grade and positions in the company.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","May 19, 2016","4.0"
4479,"Productive","Great Place to work, normal day @ work would just be busy as always.We learn something different everyday. Management is good to work with.My co-worker are the best.","TRADE SERVICES ANALYST","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","May 18, 2016","5.0"
4480,"Great opportunity and challenges along the way","For those willing to relocate, there are plenty of opportunities for advancement throughout the company. This company focuses on customer faced interactions and encourages conversations and outside promotion. Compensation is good for those with experience and quarterly incentives are obtainable if you work for it.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 18, 2016","4.0"
4481,"Positive work experience","Over all, a good place to work. If you have tough skin and can take verbal abuse from immature customers, this is a good place to earn some paper. Must be a good researcher and problem solver, because the training provided is seriously lacking. On the other hand, upward mobility is always possible if you tough it out and adapt quickly.","Bilingual Retail Escalation Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 17, 2016","4.0"
4482,"Fast Paced","I worked as a call center representative in it's member services department. I spent most of my days on the phone speaking and assisting customers.","CALL CENTER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 17, 2016","3.0"
4483,"Flexible yet challenging","Work on many different tasks with colleagues from different backgrounds. Opportunity to lead and take initiative. Flexible work arrangements after earning management trust.","AML Compliance Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 17, 2016","4.0"
4484,"Average place to work for","A typical day would consist of 'morning huddles' that would consists of everyone's daily goals and additional comments on how we would achieve our individual goals. The branch needs to meet a certain quota every day in order to maintain success - which was difficult depending on your tea. Management was always very helpful and willing to assist their employees whenever needed. Depends on which branch you are work for the employees are hit or miss, but for the most part they're enjoyable and somewhat helpful. Hardest part: on boarding experience, if you're new to the banking industry it makes it difficult to meet the sales goals at first (but i believe that is true to most sales roles) Most enjoyable: meeting new people and helping them achieve their financial goals","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 17, 2016","3.0"
4485,"Aggressive Sales Culture"," this bank needs to make huge improvements in their systems that support its employees. Cannot compete with big banks like Chase or BofA. There is no work life balance in the retail bank. Upper management is clueless as to what happens in branches and what staff has to deal with. Sales goals are very aggressive and sometimes unrealistic.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 17, 2016","2.0"
4486,"Exemplary Team Player and Manager","Over the years of my diverse work history, I have developed a very special management style. I treat all my teams] members, whether they be peers or managers, with mutual respect and compassion. Because I believe that 'happy' employees and far more productive than folks who are unhappy at their jobs, I make a point of satisfying all that is required of each person I come into contact with regardless of line of business, subordinate, or CEO. The most successful companies are always the ones who have staffing that work together and enjoy what they do. I have done my best to practice a famous tenet of the late, great Maya Angelo 'I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.' I will always make an attempt to leave a coworker, peer, boss, team leader, call center rep, or even my regional manager with a feeling of the fact they are in great hands and the rest outcome will be the result of our interaction.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","North Wildwood, NJ","May 16, 2016","5.0"
4487,"work","A typical day was i would come in and try to clock in if a computer was open then the manager would have me stand in the lobby for my whole shift unless someone in the branch wasn't their then i would cover for them.","Switcher","Former Employee","Phoenixville, PA","May 16, 2016","5.0"
4488,"Nice place to work","Always work open to close No overtime allowed Work 3 Saturdays a month Love my co-workers! Too much micro management! Love working with the public and helping people meet their goals!","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Spotsylvania, VA","May 15, 2016","4.0"
4489,"Good for experience, but management will hold you back.","I was a Teller with this bank for roughly 1 year. A typical day consisted of taking care of customers deposits, answering questions, providing assistance with any issues within my capacity to solve all while following corporate policies and procedures. While I was there, I learned to become comfortable providing a substantially higher level of customer service than ever before. I became able to practice and perfect selling products and services to people of many walks of life, and in exchange I also became a much more outgoing person. I learned a lot about the banking industry (with some limitations) as well as the way that banks attempt to protect their customers from fraud. Management was a mixed bag; some days my boss would seem like a team player with a soul who wanted me to succeed, and on other days they would seem as if I was just another replaceable employee with whom they had limited tolerance due to the ramifications of unemployment insurance. Upper management was, in my best opinion, people in suits who saw entry level employees who barely did their job, even if there was physical data to prove otherwise. My co-workers were the highlight of my time with this bank. They are to this day some of the smartest people I have ever had the opportunity to work with. The hardest part of my job as a Teller with this bank was the unrealistic sales goals and micromanaging. If you're reading this and considering working for this bank as a Teller, be prepared to learn that yesterdays successes become tomorrows expectations. You will also be shocked to discover that although you might me - more...","Bank Teller I","Former Employee","Bristol, PA","May 15, 2016","3.0"
4490,"Great Job","I love working at this bank. The people were perfect an the company always showed their employees appreciation. I was so sad that the branch closed in my city.","CSA","Former Employee","Buena Vista, GA","May 12, 2016","5.0"
4491,"meet lifelong friends","I enjoyed daily interaction with co-workers and clients. I was very good at sales and service; number 1 teller in Pittsburgh market.","TELLER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2016","3.0"
4492,"Excellent","Excellent environment, best team, enjoyable job, great benefits, nice job culture, best practice, good training, deep knowledge, most innovative approaches","TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 10, 2016","5.0"
4493,"Great Place to work","PNB Bank is a great place to work, employee appreciation, healthy environment, promotion opportunities. They strive to educate and advance the success of their employees, and are committed to the success of the company as a whole.","Underwriting Analyst","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 10, 2016","5.0"
4494,"Productive and challenging work environment","My typical work day was ensuring that the paperwork I received each day was properly completed and submitted to operations to be setup form Small Business Products that best fit our customers needs such as Pinacle Web, ACH, Wire Transfer, Lockbox, Remote Capture and Cash Vault Carrier Services. The most rewarding part of my job was my Customers, Treasury Management Business Banking and Business Banking Offers were satisfied with a job well done.","Treasury Management Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 10, 2016","4.0"
4495,"Productive and fun work day","Duties included: customer service representative, negotiate with client to set up payment arrangement on a past due bill, receive collection payment via telephone, data entry, answering a multi-line phone, verify demographic information for billing and payment arrangement and remaining calm while on the phone with a upset client about their bill","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","May 10, 2016","5.0"
4496,"Average place to work"," this bank Equipment Finance offers limited room for advancement. The training is very minimal and you have to be able to learn on your own. No set guidelines or procedures you just have to figure it out as you go along. Some area's of the business such as Documentation are always under staffed and over worked. This area is very high stress with no relief in sight. They have silo mentality between business units. It is very rare that knowledge is shared between business units. Thinking outside of the box is some what discouraged. It depends on your personality whether or not you would like this bankEF as a place to work. If you like to just come in and do your task and go home then you will love it, but it your a self motivated, problem solver this is not somewhere you will be happy.","Bank Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 9, 2016","3.0"
4497,"Overall working experience"," this bank benefits are excellent and the staff really care about individuals. I have been a long time employee and love working at this bank.","Sales & Service Coordinator - Wealth Management","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 9, 2016","5.0"
4498,"Big company. Can advance if desire, but nothing special"," this bank is a good company. On par with many other companies in terms of compensation, benefits, etc. They are loyal to their employees which is a good thing. Favoritism can play a role in promotion and management, but if you stick with it you can advance fairly easily (if you work hard and are competent). Technology is so-so and they like to think they are on the front of trends, but really seem to be in the middle of the pack.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 7, 2016","4.0"
4499,"why i had to leave","i started out truly enjoying the job, then all the ladies that i worked with at that branch quit, so the entire load was shifted to me, i was a part time 28 hour a week teller and they were working me 40-45 hours every week and i was doing everything behind the teller line with very little assist from any team mates. i asked them to transfer me to a branch that only needed a 28 hour a week part time teller but because it is against this bank procedure and policy. after 3 months of no letup. i quit.","Teller","Former Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","May 6, 2016","1.0"
