"A retail job with heavy emphasis on sales and customer service","A typical day includes cash handling, performing customer transactions, interacting with customers in a friendly, positive manner, making product suggestions, and selling products. A portion of the job requires computer use including transactions, company email, and reading updates and company news on our internal web page. This job does have a heavy focus on sales with each employee having to acheive personal monthly goals.","Teller","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","August 18, 2015","5.0"
"Do not!","I worked for this bank for 7 years. The ever changing policies and procedures made it impossible to do my job consistently. The 'goals' were pretty much unattainable, especially since I worked in the drive thru location most of the time. Half of the co workers did very little work, shuffling papers and 'answering' phones to look busy. Wages were laughable. Upper management did not care about employees AT ALL. Many customers closed accounts and walked because of the ever changing policies. Schedules were out usually a few days before that week started, we never knew what we were working until the day before. Schedules were supposed to be out a month in advance, but rarely were. My main concern was with district and regional management. They had no clue what customers needs and wants were, and they simply did not care. All but ONE branch was closed in my town, making it inconvenient for customers to get to. this bank as a whole does not care about customers or employees. If you like working in a circus type atmosphere with no direction or organization, then you would enjoy this job.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","August 18, 2015","3.0"
"Great Benefits-Management Needs Improvement","The benefits were excellent. Competitive salary plus Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Eye Insurance, Pension, 401K program that this bank matches up to 10%, 3 weeks paid vacation and incentives. Management needed a little bit of work. There are certain managers with poor leadership skills and little confidence in themselves. It is very evident by a simple conversation with some of these managers.","Oracle Database Administrator I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2015","4.0"
"Productive work environment","Daily Debriefs. Reports. Business Development. Seasoned Staff. Customer Focused. Employee Engaged. Micro-manage. Weekly Conference Calls. Credit Card focus. Investmen Gaining Market Share","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Whippany, NJ","August 18, 2015","4.0"
"Moderate","Good entry level job in a business field. One month of training is required and helps make a smooth transition. West dundee this bank branch was one of the busiest and short staffed offices.","Teller","Former Employee","West Dundee, IL","August 17, 2015","4.0"
"Family Friendly","Wonderful company to work for. Excel at Job Work/Life balance more than any other bank I have worked for. The only negative is the yearly compensation increases are not competitive with other banks I have worked for and the company still uses Lotus notes.","AVP","Current Employee","Brecksville OH","August 17, 2015","5.0"
"Slow paced work environment","This particular location is not busy. More time is spent not working than working. Co-workers are nice. Only five work in the building.","Teller","Current Employee","Hickory, NC","August 17, 2015","2.0"
"The job has its ups and downs.","I really enjoy the work that I do at this bank. I like interacting with all the different customers that I will see throughout a day. I do not like the hour long commute to work and the work schedule is very oddly done. There is no organization or pattern with the schedule at all. Before I got hired, there were four individuals who quit because of the odd schedule. I would not quit because of that because I do really like the work and my co-workers. Also, I have dealt with a lot worse schedules while being in the military.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Delaware","August 16, 2015","3.0"
"Not for the faint of heart","At the end of the day, the idea is to take accountability for the ill informed decisions, bad this bank policies, or poor judgment of customers. You are told to take ownership, and positively position everything. That includes saying no to refunds (which you have exactly 0 control over). You are encouraged to make conversations your own- but also fulfill requirement x,y,z,1,4,7,9 or else all of your evaluations and scores will be terrible. Scoring and evaluations are currently pretty subject to the person who is completing the analysis Scores are paramount and dictate whether you can do anything but exist in the call center. You are timed as to how long you are in your chair each day as well which I understand but also find awful. If you miss your break, it's gone because if you take it past the allotted time it can great affect your adherence. Constant contact with generally upset, unhappy, irate customers is one thing- the stress of trying to control and change everything that comes out of your mouth is a whole new level of anxiety Management is inconsistent as is support for when you are in the position. I was pretty much thrown on the phone full time after a terrible training experience, and almost was fired within the first month due to misinformation I had been given. this bank tries to make this position tolerable in small ways but in the end- it is what it is. Taking back to back phone calls for 7.5 hours for a company that in the end only cares about one thing with customers who don't care about what you have to say.","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2015","2.0"
"Fast paced environment","Great teamwork environment. Enjoyed working with and assisting my customers. Learned how to coaching other employees. Processed many reports. Passed all audits performed at my location. I believe the hardest part of my job was when someone went negative, I had a lot of compassion for my customers so I had to comfort them and make sure to tell them that it will be okay. As a teller supervisor you wear a lot of hats and have a lot of responsibilities.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Munster, IN","August 15, 2015","3.0"
"diverse in coworkers","A typical day is waiting for each market to come in on time , count the bags of work and make sure the count matches what the driver have on there manifest slip.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2015","4.0"
"Fun workplace. Decent hours and pay","Fun workplace. Room for advancement however in order to advance you need to back stab people. Co-workers very hardworking. Hardest part of the job is having to deal with politics. Most enjoyable part of the job is working on different issues for customers.","Treasury Management Client Service Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and nice","Good learning experience. Nice management and staff . also, share good team work and learnt a lot from seniors and co-workers","QA Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","August 14, 2015","5.0"
"Supportive team members","Sales is a difficult and competitive field. The support of the team makes it a fun and rewarding experience. It is a great way to learn to personalize and speak intelligently to potential clients.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","August 14, 2015","4.0"
"Working at this bank","A typical day at the branch level consists of outbound calling, assisting clients with their financial needs and issues. Furthermore, daily reports and reporting of numbers is a requirement as well. It is absolutely vital to be able to work with your team members and other partners throughout this bank. The hardest part of the job to me is that there is hardly any advancement to other areas of interest. The most enjoyable part of my job is to be able to help clients, provide sound financial recommendations as well as getting to know your clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Coshocton, OH","August 14, 2015","4.0"
"Very mentally draining","Moved my way up through the ranks the first twelve years. Total of fifteen year time span from drive through window teller to my last position as Senior Loan Support Specialist. Very fast paced and often times not enough help with work load. They expected you at times to carry the work load of five people and get the work done in a short time frame and be accurate. No room for advancement in my department. Favoritism shown to often within the department. Employee turn around was tremendous. There was no sense of diversity or inclusion within the financial institution.","Senior Loan Support Specialist II","Former Employee","Baltimore, Maryland","August 13, 2015","1.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace","A typical day consists of opening the bank, getting all teller materials ready for the day, and handling all transactions while providing exceptional customer service to all clients.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Madison, NJ","August 13, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","Productive work environment. Most enjoyable was to be able to work closely with your team members. Co-workers are really nice. You come in and do your job with accuracy and effiency","Document Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 13, 2015","3.0"
"All about the profits and the money"," this bank is just like every other financial institution with 60,000 employees you are a number. They are stuck on maximizing profit and reducing the benefit because all that is important at the end of the day is the stock report.","Consultant","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","August 13, 2015","2.0"
"Under staffed","Under staffed and over worked in some departments , A good ole boy hiring and promoting procedure. Sorry no free Pizza ever!","Mortgage","Former Employee","Jacksonville fl","August 12, 2015","3.0"
"Productive","This company taught me how to work as a team and not alone. I learned how to deal with multiple personalities. I learned how to work as a team to meet company's goals and deadlines. It also taught me that I'm better off working for myself and produce a significant amount of income.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 12, 2015","3.0"
"Great learning expirience. Enjoyed working for a large corporation and honing in on my previous skills while learning a myriad of others.","Great place to start working professionally. Learned many different skills all the while sharpening any previous skills that I currently had.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Franklin, PA","August 11, 2015","4.0"
"stong work environement provide great customer services and an fun environement to work in","coming in to work to do what i love to do best where it feels like im not working but just doing something that i really enjoy doing. the most enjoyable part of this job is the fact that i can assist the customers to the best of my ability and helping people is something i take great pride doing","personal banker","Current Employee","west orange new jersey","August 11, 2015","4.0"
"Good Company","Good company to work for, has genuine concern for it customers well being as well as its employees. Large company that is still maintaining it small town roots.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 11, 2015","5.0"
"Tough to Advance","Been here about 10 years, and I have never been promoted in the department I worked in. The only time I have moved up in grade is when I left the department. I now have 2 degrees (one in a Business field) and am becomingly more frustrated with the opportunities that I have been seeing. I wish there was a development program for internal employees. Management overall has been hit and miss over the years. Some managers are engaged, some have not been. Some managers have had great people skills and the ability to communicate effectively, while others talk down to you and are condescending. Co-workers over the years have ranged from mature professionals to downright ignorant and lazy. Hardest parts of the jobs over the years is the infrequency of work throughout many of the jobs.","Risk Purchased Loan Closer Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","August 11, 2015","4.0"
" this bank is committed to its community."," this bank is a great place to work. this bank's Grow Up Great program helps prepare kids from birth to age 5 for success in school and life.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Jackson, MI","August 11, 2015","4.0"
"productive and fast paced with many advancement opportunities with supportive leadership"," this bank is a great company to work for. I have been fortunate to have many of my superiors support me in advancing within the company. I have also been lucky to have to ability to be cross trained not only on banker side but on teller side which has allowed me to become a teller supervisor. I very much enjoy doing many things as well as learning new things. this bank has allowed me to be very versitile. At my current location a typical day is very fast paced. The branch handles a large amount of cash deposits as well as high transaction count. I manage and coach my teller team with a very positive approach. Making sure that everyone is engaged at work and know there expectations. Customer service is key at this bank which is important to me.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Woodridge, IL","August 10, 2015","5.0"
"Company that provides opportunity through referrals"," this bank is a company that rewards talent and recognizes hard work. Unfortunately, on a higher level it is also a company that emphasizes and re-emphasizes the need to control costs and become more automated, so job security in some areas is less than ideal. Overall, I find the atmosphere rewarding and my co-workers and management very knowledgeable and engaged. Salary could be better but isn't terrible.","Anonymous","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 9, 2015","3.0"
"Good","Its a great company with good benefits. Atmosphere is relaxed and the work is plentiful. Would recommend to others considering this bank.","Support Accountant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 6, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","Data Entry and copying confidential documents. Learning to be accurate, decision maker, detail oriented. Management encouragement to learn and grow. Meeting deadlines. Benefits","Lending operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2015","4.0"
"I like what I do","Just keying and learning job functions. This is a great company to work for. The money should be a little better though. That's all I have to say about it","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 5, 2015","3.0"
"Some good some bad","There are many things that need improvement in their investment process and management style. Overall its a great entry level position but as of right now has not been developed into a true career path where an individual can build a book of business.","Advisor Direct Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 5, 2015","3.0"
"Okey place to work","Great place to get started, but not for long term. Pay is low in average and main incentive is Quarterly bonus; however, said bonuses can be taken away with a simple write up. The customer rating system has a big impact on your development and with the newly adopted no fee refunds policy; it's hard to balance customers and company while still keeping a 'Perfect' customer service rating. Anything less than a five and your looking at weeks on conference calls, coaching and potential disciplinary action/write ups.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","PA","August 5, 2015","2.0"
"Just not a good experience","They will hire almost anyone. Management is not very well put together, and the concept of what they want you to do in a grocery store branch is just not a good strategy.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","owings mills, MD","August 5, 2015","1.0"
"Graet Place to work with Great People","Meet all different type of people everyday with all different aspects of life. It was exciting most of the time but sometime gets stress full. Co-workers here were great people to work with, very helpful and fun.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","August 4, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun atmosphere with many social events","Overall it's a great company to work for. It has a very professional atmosphere but is also a fun environment because of the group of people I work with. Everyone is very social which is a huge part of the job. The company encourages its employees to grow not only professionally, but as a person overall too. I have learned a tremendous amount about managing money over the four years that I have worked there.","Teller","Current Employee","Laurel, Maryland","August 4, 2015","4.0"
"Ok","Its an OK place to work. Some managers are extremely driven and belittle their employees. It's more of a hassle to get things done when a manager is all over your case and you are just tryng to do your job.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","August 4, 2015","3.0"
"Teller Supervisor","This place is good while you are going to school. It is not very demanding job, the only problem is sales that you need to make per month.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Norridge, IL","August 3, 2015","3.0"
"Extremely busy, fast paced work enviorment","As soon as I come in the call volume is normally at an overflow. I have learned how to enroll and navigate through all our online banking data bases, and I can normally always troubleshoot any problems as far as technical goes. Management always seems to be changing in some sort of aspect, not necessarily the people in management but the roles and what they do do. I love, adore, and respect all my co workers, and all the individual leadership the offer. The hardest part about my job is the constant technical issues not being resolved, and are customers always being on hold for more then 20 minutes every time they call are Care Center. The most enjoyable part about my job is the recognition and the time they find to recognize the employees for the small things.","Online Banking Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 3, 2015","4.0"
"I believe in coming to work to do your job and let others see what you are made of.","I love banking, its second nature to me. With the experience I have in banking, I see myself in corporate and mentoring others in the workplace. I love helping others. I also love banking as a whole. I truly know I can reach the top of the corporate world and making good money by the experience and knowledge that I have learned over the years.","Teller","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","August 3, 2015","3.0"
"High Call Volume Customer Care center","A typical day at work will have 60-100 incoming customer call Fast paced call center with high attention to detail and customer service. Internal Quality and customer service quality is required to be met along with schedule adherence. Company has tuition reimbursement and room to grow. You will work with a team of co workers that share the same goals as you and are helping to achieve those goals daily","Customer Service Representative III","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 3, 2015","5.0"
"Banking Experts","Working as a collection specialist, really displayed the importance and impact of debt. There were many ways in which one could advance there and they were very flexible working with students.","Consumers Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 3, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Mortgage","Its an okay job all around. Pay is decent. Not a fan of the benefits offered but all around its a decent place of employment","Collection Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 2, 2015","4.0"
"Great Company very low pay","Great company to work for! Very low compensation! Turnover rate seems high especially at the entry level positions. A lot of job opportunities throughout the company","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2015","4.0"
"Excellent company"," this bank is a great company with excellent benefits. It is a company with a positive attitude towards helping their employees succeed.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Bloomington, IL","July 31, 2015","5.0"
"Excellent work life balance and strong helpful community","The work day is always interesting with new assignments and projects. Everyone that you work around is always willing to help you out.","Project Manager Intern","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2015","5.0"
"Web Based Banking","WBB (Web Based Banking) helps online banking customers to see past transactions and plan for future ones that will apply for selected accounts. WBB online banking tracks the incoming and outgoing cash over time. WBB is integrated with CFI (Cash flow Insight) and BDC (BillDotCom) services for maintaining Cashin/Cashout accounts in CFI and bills/Invoices in BDC.","Senior J2EE Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2015","4.0"
"I love working at this bank","I go to work and try to meet sales goal and help my customers. I learn to solve customer issue. Management is very pretty good and I know what I need to do. My coworkers are all very friendly. sometime is hard to make sales goal. I enjoy talking to different people who come in to the bank.","Floating Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","July 30, 2015","5.0"
"The most enjoyable part ot the job","I enjoy working face to face with clients and giving them the best advice I can for their financial well being. I enjoy most when as a team with go great in a Gallup survey and get bonuses for it.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, Illinois","July 30, 2015","5.0"
"Na"," this bank is a company that is ever evolving. The most enjoyable part of my day is helping the customer and my coworkers. The company encourages their employees to stay abreast on their procedures and policies to ensure that all government regulations are being followed.","Commercial Loan Support Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2015","3.0"
"Love working with customer","utilize my extensive sales, customer service. Making sure that all work get done on time, coached, and developed new plans so that we can meet our monthly goal Love new challenges.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Touhy, Niles IL","July 28, 2015","4.0"
"Not for everyone","Very demanding and heavy call volume always. Very strict guidelines to meet. The company asks for our opinions of how to approve but then lacks the follow through.","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","July 28, 2015","3.0"
"Nice place to work and make a career out of","The management works hard to make sure everyone is happy. benefits are wonderful. this bank really cares about their employees health","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Elkton, MD","July 28, 2015","4.0"
"Productive","Some branches are busy and others are slow. Have to know how to adapt to each type of customer. Learned great money management skills, and working with various teams in different branches. Great people to work with. Benefits are okay.","Floating Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlantic City, NJ","July 27, 2015","4.0"
"Love my job","Customer that came in for mortgage needs the bank referred to me. Hardest part was building relationship for customers in the bank.","LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 27, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","it was a great place to work. I learned Responsible for interacting with customers to provide information in response to inquiries about products and services and to handle and resolve complaints. Resolved customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, and adjusting bills. Contacted customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results and any planned adjustments .Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.","Temporary Contract Assignment","Former Employee","Rocky Mount NC","July 26, 2015","5.0"
"productive customer service driven environment","A typical work day consists of a jump start meeting in the mornings. followed by opening the location. We then begin to prepare for clients to walk in as well as making cold calls to perspective clients and current clients who are due for a financial review Working at this bank has taught me how to assess credit applications, open checking and saving accounts, and also many things about retirement and investment accounts. My immediate supervisor is great.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wynnewood, PA","July 26, 2015","3.0"
"Great company to work for, diverse environment, great experience.","A great diverse environment that values their employees job performances, driven focus on customers financial needs to companies standards. Team oriented, awesome experience.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 25, 2015","5.0"
"A Hot Mess of Really Terrible Management","I don't know what more to say outside of the title. I have worked in management for a couple banks, and have never seen anything as horrible as this bank. The culture is so fake, phony, and full off booty kissing it literally makes me sick to come to work. Pay is barely average. Support from Pittsburgh is non-existent, products are a joke, and don't even get me started on line of business partners. Turnover is ridiculously high. Don't do it.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 23, 2015","2.0"
"A day of a bank manager","My day consists of coaching my employees on outbound sales calls as well as during client interactions. This goes on throughout the day. When I am not doing this, I will make outbound business calls to generate business appointments. I make action plans for various goals such as CIQ (customer experience) and EIQ (employee experience). Take care of clients as they come in for their various needs. My coworkers/the team I manage consists of 4 individuals at all different levels. One in more tenured at over 14 years of service down to one that has been with me for only three months. I would not say there is a hardest part of the job, I see challenges as opportunities to learn and grow. The most enjoyable part of the job is the different clients I meet and get to know on a daily basis.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Michigan City IN","July 23, 2015","3.0"
"Nice Place to work","Bank teller, handling money, ATM, learned a lot. Hardest part of the job is balancing at the end of the night, and making sure all is accounted for at the end of the night not a full time job for me so that was the downfall","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Sellersburg IN","July 22, 2015","5.0"
"Eh","under-staffed and underpaid. company was about client services and then it became more about suggesting and selling things this bank wanted not what the client needed.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","VA","July 22, 2015","3.0"
"Great hours, flexible schedules, great experience in the financial world"," this bank has allowed we to grow, provided me with the education I needed coming from traditional retail to banking. A great company to gain experience from. I like that this bank is involved with local communities, especially like the Grow UP Great program partnered with Sesame Street. I can say I'm proud of where I work. Do not offer competitive salaries for branch positions, much lower than other banks of comparable size.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","July 21, 2015","4.0"
"Relationship Manager for business customers","Spend days doing book reviews, executing on sales and follow up. Work with many internal partners on additional sale opportunities. Customer service is big part of job as well as sales for TM, merchant and loans.","Business Banker","Current Employee","cleveland ohio","July 21, 2015","5.0"
"Decent Company to work for.","My experience here has been pretty positive. Diversity is seen and if in the right department you brush shoulders with move makers.","Risk","Current Employee","Pittsurgh, PA","July 20, 2015","4.0"
"not fair Compensation","limited growth and pay, advancement is limited andvery slow during the selection. Too big for its own good people are retiring and leaving in large numbers who have been there for years","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 20, 2015","3.0"
"Solid Bank","Great bank to work for but management can be chalenging. They do not pla ce the right people in the management role; people who have been financial services producers in the past. The bank does a very good job of recognizing acheivments.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Marriottsville, MD","July 20, 2015","3.0"
"Great workplace, they really care about their employees"," this bank creates a great workplace for their employees. Everyday is different yet challenging. Their is always room for advancement. At times, client problem resolution can be challenging but this bank always assisted in solutions to the best of their ability. Every branch I have worked in my co-workers were very happy engaged employees. Upper management was always an e-mail away and here to help.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Campbell, OH","July 20, 2015","5.0"
"Typcial Day at Work","Was able greet and handle cash handling issue with each customer who came in to the branch. I enjoyed that job very much, but the monetary portion is what made my decision to look for other avenues to find work.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville Road, Louisville, KY","July 20, 2015","4.0"
"Great Job! Rewarding at times","Cool Place to work, Great benefits, Satisfaction gained from helping people save their homes from foreclosure. The job can be stressful at times when volumes are high and deadlines are near.Co worker are pretty cool.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 20, 2015","4.0"
"Good bank, not a great place to work.","- Sales culture was extremely aggressive - Bottom line driven - Colleagues were enjoyable to work with. - Young and fast paced environment.","Relationship Manager II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 19, 2015","2.0"
"Bank with a lot of cross functional opportunity within Retail Divisions","Management launches many campaigns without fully completing prior objectives. Needs to have a more standardized methodology to launching company priorities Good opportunity to get exposed to different lines of business. True belief system in providing a sense of financial well being to it's customers Look for opportunities to increase penetration rate for investment clients within bank's book and outside of book.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","July 19, 2015","3.0"
"Micro management , very poor training , nice offices , very clicky, in underwriting not one manager / team does anything the same or any of the center","Very poor training~I was a temporary senior underwriter employee hired in to help with the back flow of underwriting ! Everything I was told by the recruiter was not true/ or correct! It was somewhat of a BATE and SWITCH technique! Travel was a cluster mess - hotels were supposed to be paid for when we checked in ~ they were not we had to pay for two weeks of a hotel stay and get reimbursed - which recruiter and manager said it would ALL be paid for! MICRO management is not the word ( and I was a remote employee! My manager was a very pushy rushing person who did not take any time to explain anything - just thought that the one week in impact traing (system) would be enough - which would be if it was properly done! My former manager cannot keep an in office employee at all she has lost three employees in three weeks ( I was told ) and one girl left bc manager told her she got up out of her seat too much ( mind you she was using bathroom and getting water and making phone calls on breaks to her newborn daughter who was being watched ) and yet she was hitting her numbers and completing all work at a timely manner! Not one of the managers or teams or operation centers do anything the same - others rec'd better training depending what team you were on! Worst bank I have ever worked for ! I've been underwriting for over ten years and in the mortgage banking business for 19 years ! I was treated like a child im 40 years old !!! Pay was ok - but they hired temp employees at same skill level and paid everyone different wages people sitting in the office are making almost 9$ less than - more...","Senior underwriting","Former Employee","Jacksonville , Florida ( remote )","July 16, 2015","2.0"
"Teller","Love the job and the people that work with me. The only thing I didn't like about the job was the pay. Everyone got along and it was a great place to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Covington, KY","July 16, 2015","4.0"
"A typical quibicle job","Mostly about numbers, not so much of the persona treatment at work. Management is good to work with. Benefits are worse than before; cut in insurance plans. Not many if at all opportunities to advance","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 15, 2015","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great company at which to be an employee. My only complaint is that the extremely risk-averse policies can sometimes be a barrier to making progress.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 15, 2015","4.0"
"Very Deceptive Company","Be wary about starting a career with this company! I was an employee for two years. Started as a CSA which turned into a Universal Branch Consultant. The amount of work that is put on you is nothing less than stressful to the point of needing a psychologist. There are before hours conference calls, and mandatory after hours cold calling. You are NOT in the best interest of the customer. You are stressed because of CIQ (Customers rating of how well you kissed their butt), and managerial lack of engagement. When I asked for a raise to the Regional Manger (due to all the responsibilty I had taken on in the past year), I was told...'I guess you should have negotiated better when you started, huh?' That was the true this bank coming out...A few months later I was discharged for no reason at all. They seriously are out for profit, not to help customers financially. They left a family that day with no income, but much better off now!","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Michigan","July 15, 2015","1.0"
"horrible company","the whole company was awful from the first day I started I started looking for another job. I hated all of it. only 2 people were nice. and the customers were terrible manager was a troll. hardest part of my job. Smiling best part, locking the door and leaving.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Minerva, OH","July 15, 2015","1.0"
"Community Culture"," this bank is about work life and home life balance. They are a 'pay it forward' kind of company and are an active supporter of the United Way. They are one of the top companies to work for, for women as well.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 14, 2015","5.0"
"Consistent and Customer Friendly"," this bank generally is all about 5 star service to its clients and maintaining brand consistency within the this bank footprint. A typical day for me would be operating as a Teller, Personal Banker and Staff Support. I have to wear many hats as a Customer Service Associate. Managements job primarily is to make sure that all goals are met regarding sales & customer service scores. In addition to ensuring that policy and procedures are being followed at all times. Everything is very team oriented with regards to both wins and losses as a branch. Therefore, a morning huddle is done each day to ensure that the branch team is on the same page. I have learned how to seriously multitask and continuously learn how to prioritize according to urgency. Some challenges may have included dealing with needy or disgruntled customers on occasions. Nevertheless, when I see that someone has truly been blessed by my services that definitely puts a smile on my face. At the end of the day if me doing my job made someone else's life better that is a great reward.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Greenbelt, MD","July 14, 2015","4.0"
"Good experience","Position provides great investment experience and plenty of networking opportunities. Management seems to be in constant cost cutting mode and are just now trying to build company culture.","Investment Sales and Service Coordinator","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 13, 2015","3.0"
"Great work environment, love the customers and my co workers","Everyday is different. I go to work assist customers, talk to them as if they are my family. They ask about my family and I ask about theirs. Every week I am in charge of balancing the ATM, as well as every month I order the branch supplies. I love my co-workers, they are my other family. There really is not a hard part about my job. The most enjoyable part about my job is seeing my customers and getting to know them on a personal level. My job is located in a small town so everyone sticks together.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","July 13, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","Answer phones, count vault, have meetings about getting non customers to open accounts, different scenarios to better customer service","Teller","Former Employee","Crisfield, MD","July 13, 2015","5.0"
"Good Place to work"," this bank has a good work/life balance and decent benefits. Good place to start in the financial world too with the ability to move up","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2015","3.0"
"exciting work place","good communication by management and team between bar and restaurant as well. Had bands on the weekends and made for a very exciting work day and night.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 13, 2015","4.0"
"little room to grow","I worked for this bank for many years and through the years, I could see that the culture was changing as the bank was growing. The focus was more on sales and less on employee engagement. To me, it is important to work for a company who values their employees just as much as their revenue because we are the frontline individuals who are helping the bank grow and prosper through our every day interactions with clients.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","July 13, 2015","3.0"
"a really solid bank to work for","-learn a lot, challenged everyday. -people are competent. -management is fairly strong, people you can look up to and learn from for the most part. -people are proud to work for the brand which has a nice image","AVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 12, 2015","4.0"
"Productive atmoshphere and fun"," this bank bought and sold mortgages, for the most part my job was approving easements for the city, if work needed to be done by the city I had to make sure there was enough equity in the home before allowing this. My co-workers all had other jobs so I didn't get to interact a lot but all were very nice. There was so much to this position I didn't get the chance to learn the hard vs good. I left there to work for Abbott.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","July 12, 2015","4.0"
"Many changes from day to day","A good place to work, but much turnover in the WM department. There also was much confusion since the bank N merge had just occurred. I believe it was a bad timing when I started there and a reason for this lack luster review.","Sales and Service Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2015","3.0"
"Management is uncertian of what they are doing","Upper Management is uncertain of what they are doing, massive changes and overspending lead to hiring / pay freezes. The potential for movement used to exist, no longer much of a possibility","SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","OH","July 9, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and learning ground.","Always a good day start. New technology. Timely management. Work culture is Friendly. Non, as long as you love your work. The challenges","Data Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2015","4.0"
"Solid company with a good foundation.","Clear guidelines and ample opportunity for growth. Worked in the north east region. Good bonus structure. Plenty of other incentives as well.","MD","Former Employee","Anne Arundel, MD","July 8, 2015","5.0"
"Fast paced with many changes often daily","Leads the teller line daily with cash management and sales referrals. The teller supervisor work hand in hand with the branch manager on a daily basis.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","July 8, 2015","4.0"
"Financial Sales Consultant","- Ten Plus Hours per Day. - Financial Sales and Consumer Banking. - Great Management. - Reliable Co Worker - Hours and Flexibility Sales","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Largo, MD","July 8, 2015","5.0"
"Great Company","I have 21 experience with this bank and it's a great company to work for. I've been in serval different departments throughout my career with the company","Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2015","5.0"
"N/a","• Opening/closing of personal and business accounts including but not limited to checking, savings. CD's and IRA's. Taking applications for personal and business loans including credit cards, lines of credit, and auto loans. Handling customer's financial accounts on a daily basis. Balance currency, coin, and checks in cash drawers at ends of shifts, and calculate daily transactions. Handle customer's daily needs with withdrawals, deposits, and balancing of their bank accounts. Also responsible for sales of new or improved products that this bank offers.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","July 7, 2015","4.0"
"Adustment clerk","Audit and research and correction of individual, corporate and federal reserve checks. Internal and external customer relations.","Adjustment Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh Pa","July 7, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","My typical day was taking care customers, working closely with my co-workers. Going outside the branch to get new relationships.","Customer Service Employment","Former Employee","Orland Park, IL","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"Excellent Place to work"," this bank is an excellent employer. The management is style is exceptional. I'm provided with everything I needed in the high energy Loan Modification department.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"Gradifing","I loved all my customers I got a chance to meet and get to know some great people. It allowed me to not only make great friends but help them organize the finances. I worked with a great bunch of people I miss taco Tues.","Teller","Former Employee","Pikesvile MD","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"Really care about the children in our communities","I regret it did not work out, but I moved into a wrong position and could not return to what I was best suited for. I wanted to return to Branch Management and did apply, but for not the right areas.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","North Palm Beach, FL","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"interactive and productive","Engaging with my customers and meeting their needs is the best part of my job. I learn something new every day at my job.Knowing that others trust me with their financial well being gave me a great pleasure to continue to do the best at work everyday.","Full-Time Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Hopewell NJ","July 5, 2015","5.0"
"Poor Management"," this bank has the best processing system in the industry however management is horrible. The pay is decent but if you like being micro managed this is the place to go.","Mortgage Operations Processor III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 5, 2015","3.0"
"Great work-life balance","Generally stress-free work environment but compensation is below market. There is not too much emphasis on higher education, the CFA exams are not reimbursed.","Derivative Products Group","Current Employee","Houston, TX","July 4, 2015","3.0"
"Great place to work, as if family.","Very happy working there, easy going staff and environment. Hope to find a place like that again. Forward- thinking, team driven, focused on customer service, add value and excellence.","FULL-TIME TELLER / BACK UP TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 3, 2015","5.0"
"a great place to work","I enjoyed working a this bank Mortgage very much. They are very employee orientated. They were very supportive and helpful when a problem arose while working my processess. If I had a question they were very helpful in getting me an answer","Document Retrieval Processor - Requested","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 3, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","A great place to work. They are family oriented and understand your life needs. I have learned so much working here and continue to learn.","Teller","Current Employee","Delton, MI","July 2, 2015","4.0"
"Good at Job Work/LIfe Balance Poor on Compensation","How I was told the job would be when hired vs. how it is today 2 years later is totally different. The level of undue stress due to lack of upper management direction tends to overshadow the benefits of work/life balance. Then when you find out that you are 20k under paid vs. the industry average it is really hard to find a motivation to stay.","IT Business Solution Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 2, 2015","2.0"
"Not a great company to work for.","- At this bank, the training was really bad. The content of the CSR's and Branch employees is almost nonexistent - PPO medical insurance is all that is offered - Schedule SUCKS!!! You never get 2 days off in a row. That's tiring after a while The employee assessments were pretty much made up of weekly call scoring. The process is not consistent and was just a horrible process this bank thinks pretending to be nice on the phone is a good way to cover up our lack of knowledge. I am a type of person that loves to help people when I can, this bank's policies and lack to content training makes it almost impossible to give great customer service. They rant on and on about confidence on calls, confidence to this bank is making stuff up on the phone to sound like truth. I've had coaches tell me to get better at making stuff up I HATED working there. I left before a year because I couldn't stomach working for such an incompetent corporation. I've worked at Bank of America before and LOVED it. If you want to work for a bank, choose another one to apply to. Be warned. There are a lot of middle (little) men at this bank Poor training, hours, benefits, and customer services. Period!","Core Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 2, 2015","1.0"
"A good stepping stone job","This job taught me a lot about the industry and how to work with people regarding personal finances. The job expectations are clear and the company provides recognition for hard work and accomplishments.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","July 1, 2015","4.0"
"My professional opinion- this bank cares about credibility"," this bank Rewards Performance, should make stock holders happy. Upholds a professional culture. I enjoy being able to serve as a contribution. Upper management encourages employee feedback. this bank strives thru change. My favorite part about working for this bank is by far the leadership examples. And it is by example, that one earns credibility.","Team Leader","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","July 1, 2015","4.0"
"productive place to work","have learned to multitask in different situaions. learning to manage more employees. typical day at work involes handling cash desposits and withdraws. ordering cash for the banch, sending out cash to our back office,","BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 1, 2015","3.0"
"Loves to Hire Within!","I have been with this bank for almost 4 years, and I have been promoted two different times since being hired. this bank recognizes great work ethic, relationship builders, and someone who really believes in the mission of the company. Being in a Management position currently, I would say the hardest part of my job is when other branches need help and we have to send an employee to their branch for the day. This creates inconsistency and we lose that employee's engagement by sending them all over the place. The most enjoyable part of my job is dealing with customers every day and helping my employees develop and grow within the company.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2015","5.0"
"Day in the Life","A typical day as a Senior Manager consists of a jam-packed day of multiple meeting usually being double booked. As one matures in their career, he can determine importance. A typical day for me was attending these meeting but more important addressing the needs of the companies most important asset.....people.","Enterprise Asset Group Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","June 30, 2015","3.0"
"Great Company","This company was great to work for. They are a company that follows everything by the book. If you stay with this company you will grow with it.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","June 30, 2015","5.0"
"Company has gone down","The company was ok in the beginning. All of the old regional managers were told they were no longer needed and new regionals came in and the company started going down. Very sales driven and you can be terminated in 2 months, The Human Resources department is terrible. Not concerned about employees","Vice President","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 29, 2015","2.0"
"The life of finance","Going to work everyday was a joy for me. Not only did I love what I did, but I loved being able to help others and not just myself on a daily basis. The hardest part of my job would of have to be that sometimes you have to accept the fact that you cannot help everybody. Sometimes there are things out of your control in life and you just have to accept that fact. The most enjoyable part of my job working as a customer service representative was that when I was able to help others I was not only helping them, but I was supporting there decisions and making sure that they knew that when something went wrong that I was there to help them the best that I could. Also, I loved working there because you could help people plan for their futures. Far and wide. You could help people. Even around the world. You will never see them or talk to them again after that call ends, but in the end you knew that you helped that person the best that you could. Thank you.","Bank Regional Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall Ohio","June 29, 2015","4.0"
"fast paced high sctress sales environment","its a good company to work for comes with its share of challenges sales goasl can be high but the financial rewards are great if you can deal with the pressure.","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","June 28, 2015","3.0"
"Lacked Structure, and training","Training was very confusing and frustrating. Company only concerned about their profit. Underwriting center not efficient. Heavy employee turn-over.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Huntsville, AL","June 28, 2015","2.0"
"Bank Job","Working at a bank was a different experience for me. I learned a lot and was excited to grow in the company. I had a great Supervisor who was so patient and willing to teach and a great co-worker who became a good friend of mine!","Teller","Former Employee","Sebastian, FL","June 28, 2015","3.0"
"Fun workplace with lot of training to keep you updated","A typical day at work involves planning sales activities, assisting customers with account opening, holding in-depth conversation with customers to identify their financial needs and completing Teller transactions. That aspect of in-depth conversation with customers and valuing their business is something worthy of mentioning. Customers are always top priority. Typically, getting promoted takes longer period, averagely 4 years. Benefit/compensation program is not the best in the industry. Colleagues and management are friendly and fun to work with. If you're a starter in banking, then I recommend. But if you're looking at better compensation and quick promotions, then you're are looking in the wrong direction. There's high attrition rate probably due to compensation and other factors earlier mentioned. But overall, I think it's fun place to start a career.","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","June 28, 2015","3.0"
"decent place to work","decent place to work, pay is lower than competitor financial institutions, working Saturdays were acceptable until they went to extended hours","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Newark, DE","June 26, 2015","3.0"
"Poor Pay, High Work Load with Little Bonus","Sales goals for branches are the same across the board no matter if you work for a small branch in the middle of nowhere or a branch on campus, goals are still the same. Very difficult to advance. Structure of the company is changing to where everyone at branch level will have to do everything without getting paid adequately. I researched my pay based on the skills I have and I am getting paid $10,000 LESS than the average."," this bank Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Galesburg, MI","June 26, 2015","3.0"
"Good Company","Great company to work for, but the pay is horrible for what all you need to do. There is not much room for advancement. People in upper positions stay forever.","Loan Servicing Analyst II - Midland Loan Service","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","June 26, 2015","5.0"
"Efficiently run company","Quality management, good benefits, caring professionals, desire for success. Challenges related to compliance and proven production.","Regional Sales Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 25, 2015","3.0"
" this bank (customer service rep)","there requirements are not realistic, i didn't mind talking to customers however every called is critiqued and they always pic short calls to review which aren't fair enough bc your not always able to hit your points. They want you to talk to customers like you literately know them and at the same time think about your time.And most customers like to tell you their life story lol. I believe they need to change some other requirements. Because too many people loose their jobs from this issue, or they are quitting bc of the stress of this issue.","customer service","Former Employee","columbus ohio","June 25, 2015","3.0"
"Productive workplace","Coming in and doing all the safety procediures before opening the bank. Making sure I have enough money to start my day. Greeting customers as they enter and making sure their needs are met.","Teller","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 25, 2015","5.0"
"Great people to work with, caring environment.","I loved working at this bank, management was awesome and I had coworkers that would assist me as needed. It was nice working with a group of people that wanted to see you succeed.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","June 25, 2015","5.0"
"Same for all","I only worked for a year and half at the company and I worked part time. My co-workers were friendly and easy to work with. I did not receive many benefits working part time.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","South River, NJ","June 25, 2015","5.0"
"Stressful job for low wages","Lots of rules and regulations. Constantly being watched by management. Great opportunities to help people better manage their money","ATM Administrator","Former Employee","Robinson Township, PA","June 24, 2015","3.0"
"Knowledgeable Workplace","• Utilize dialer systems to contact assigned delinquent customer • Interact with customers suggesting methods for resolving short term and long term financial problems. • Use analytical skills to assess alternative solutions for account remedies using influence and counseling skills to educate customers on their alternatives and ramifications of their actions • Negotiate account resolution, accurately input and document actions within the collection systems while maintaining company performance and productivity standards. • Maintain good customer relations with borrowers and effectively solves problem in an effort to resolve account delinquency and prevent losses • Work High Balance Sheets. • Review and refer files to Loss Mitigation to assist customers with maintaining their property and preventing lost to the company. • Assisting team members with second talk-offs, which attempted to secure arrangements. • Assisting customers facing financial hardship as well as foreclosure with home assistance by pre qualifying and identifying room for potential modifications.","Retail Credit Collections Representative III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 24, 2015","5.0"
"Busy and productive place with a beautiful state park next door"," this bank was a great company to work for, but they had to sell the global investment servicing arm in order to pay back its TARP money.","Mutual Funds Accounting Pricing Manager II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 24, 2015","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank has been a good company to work for. I have been with the company for 6 months and I don't have many complaints. The few complaints i do have are hours, and management.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pennington, NJ","June 23, 2015","3.0"
"Fun place to work","Enjoy working at this bank. Great place to lean and great co-worker. Retail environment lots of selling and customer service","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","cleveland, oh","June 23, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Review","My experience at this bank was a great one I learned a lot from management team and upper management, Developed close knit freidn","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","June 23, 2015","5.0"
"Financial Sales Counsultant","Great company that is should never be bought out. If anything this bank will probably acquire more banks in the future. That gives every employee a nice sense of relief for job security.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","June 23, 2015","4.0"
"Unsatisfactory workplace with little room for advancement","With this bank's ever-changing policy changes, it became nearly impossible to truly feel secure in the direction the company was headed or in any advancement opportunities The pay is dismal, particularly for the amount of work done and the expectations placed upon the tellers.","Teller","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","June 22, 2015","3.0"
"Productive","Sales associate main focus on obtaining new accounts and meting sales goals. Poor management on all levels of the company. Looked for better opportunities","Financial Sales Associate","Former Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","June 22, 2015","4.0"
"Very settle and work/life balance was very good.","The company did care about their employees opinions through Employees Engagement Surveys that come out twice a year. They could much better in paying their employees. In fact, the turnover was very high and at some points I was working just by myself for six months.","P Branch Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 21, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work","loved working at this bank. Would still be there, but my husband moved us out of town. Learn a lot about computers there. The management was terrific.","Credit Policy User Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 21, 2015","5.0"
"Great branch team and overall great company","I'm part of the management team. Typical day includes assisting customers. Many branches and opportunities in Kalamazoo, MI","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Portage, MI","June 21, 2015","4.0"
"Customer Core","My typical day at work consists of answering phones and assisting customers with any questions that they have in regards to banking.","Customer Care Center","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 20, 2015","2.0"
"corporate doesn't care","Corporate and regional managers only care about their pockets and have no feelings for anyone doing the actual work. They pressure everyone to meet high numbers that are unrealistic and then fire people because they want less people to do more work","Teller","Former Employee","Port St Lucie Fl","June 20, 2015","1.0"
"fast paced, , challenging","had to receive 5 star rating in customer service, got to know a lot of customers, great co-workers had to make sure drawers and vault balance","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","June 18, 2015","4.0"
" this bank was a great place to work","On a typical day at work I would complete the customer's transactions, pull my daily reports, help with other area's in the bank. I also order the branch supplies, such a the cash and other materials that they need to make their job easier. I would coach my tellers and other team members. I enjoyed what I do because I love my customers and it makes me feel great every week when our report comes out and it show's how much they greatly appreciate me and the service that I give to them.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","June 18, 2015","4.0"
"corporate minded","There were busy times, and down times, but always something to do. I learned a lot about laws, and regulations. The branch based management I had were all very good. I am still close with my coworkers I started my career with. I enjoyed helping my customers the most.","CSA","Former Employee","Nicholasville, KY","June 17, 2015","3.0"
"Good hours","My day is always busy,I do a number of things thorughout my day. I came in as a Teller and within 4 months I am doing the Teller Supervisor position. I deal with a variety a customers some good and some bad.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 17, 2015","4.0"
"Great","Great company to work for. The work life balance is great. The pay could be higher though. There are a lot of opportunities to learn different skills.","Business Systems Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 17, 2015","5.0"
"Fun","Bankers job i Liked it, Helping Customers out was my favorite putting a smile on their face, getting them approved for a new loan or a new mortgage.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Saint louis","June 17, 2015","4.0"
"Run!!!","This bank is focused only on making and saving money no matter how many customer's or employees are screwed over in the process. They claim they care about being green, employees, and customers but it is all a lie. this bank is moving toward branches operated by two people with no teller lines to save on payroll. If you want to cash a check a person will walk you to an ATM that is able to cash it for you if you have a this bank account. No face to face human interaction other that the wall the bank of ATM's along the wall where a teller line used to exist. You can only sit with someone if you are interested in purchasing another this bank product. This bank is a joke, if you're thinking of applying, don't.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 17, 2015","1.0"
"Unable to Grow","• Manage Reconciliation of SWIFT and Spreadsheet. • Manage SWIFT Verification Report. • Reconcile Accounts Receivables. • Enter Special Pricing when new clients onboard. • Manage Party ID Maintenance Audit Log Report. • Manage personal WIP and update notes accordingly. • Updating Procedures/Manuals. • Process Export/Import Letters of Credit and set up new clients when onboarding. • Enter due diligence by ensuring Client Profile on file for subject client • Collaborate with International Banking Officers to resolve any outstanding issues such as missing Legal Documents or credit related discrepancies. • Prioritize work and transactions and complete within the appropriate Service Level Agreement (SLA). • Familiar with various policies and procedures. • Participate actively in group meetings","Trade Service Analyst","Current Employee","East Brunswick, nj","June 17, 2015","2.0"
"the organization doesn't foster upward mobility .","Few very qualified people are recognized. they talk a good game until you really want to move up Unless you know someone up high you won't have a chance. Diversity is only a phrase they use. the reality is diversity doesn't exist in the Executive Suite.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh,PA","June 17, 2015","2.0"
"Ok place to work","not much advancement, great co-workers, sometimes fun environment, ok pay, family atmosphere, pretty good working hours","Mortgage Collector","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 16, 2015","3.0"
" this bank is a good place to work."," this bank is a good place to work. They treat their employees well and give them several benefits throughout the year. Unfortunately the raises and advancement opportunities are not very good.","CHANGE AGENT","Current Employee","Miamisburg Ohio","June 16, 2015","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good company that truly cares about its employees. My daily activities include helping customers in any way that I can and trying my best to improve their financial well being.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","June 16, 2015","5.0"
"fun enviorment","The job was very customer based and I enjoyed getting to help customers and show them how they can save money and get the home of their dreams","fsc","Current Employee","Marlton, NJ","June 15, 2015","5.0"
"A typical day at work","I work almost everyday of the week except for sundays. Every morning when we open the doors, the same business customers come in and we talk about how business is going. I take deposits, and do withdrawals, and make sure all of the transactions are processed during the day.","Part-time teller","Current Employee","michigan","June 14, 2015","4.0"
"Company is very forward thinking.","Second to none in technology. Very advanced in migration in using self-serving behaviors, therefore preparing me for the future of banking.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","June 13, 2015","4.0"
"Poor management","I really enjoy working with the public. Management did not carry the title well. Relationships with certain employees were more personal than professional.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Milford, OH","June 12, 2015","3.0"
"Great Place to work","Great place to work. Love my fellow employees. Work 9-5 and an occasional Saturday. Assist customers in their daily banking needs.","Banker","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 12, 2015","5.0"
"Excellent Company","The this bank , Inc. is an exceptional place to work. Their values show the commitment that they have to their employees. There are growth opportunities, excellent benefits, a strong commitment to work/life balance.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2015","5.0"
"Great Place to work where employees become friends.","A typical day at this bank would entail the installation and troubleshooting of local and remote desktops/laptops. I have learned a great deal about Network support in my 15 years at this bank. Management seems very knowledgeable and genuinely care about employee advancement. I have worked with a great group of people at this bank and would call all of them friends. The hardest part of the job is not being able to help a client due to hardware failures or necessary policy restrictions. The most enjoyable part of my job is the joy I get from helping people every day.","Technical Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"Great co workers but no room for growth","they expect you to make phone calls even with clients coming in to open accounts. They prefer appointment only and expect 15-20 calls everyday","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hinsdale, IL","June 11, 2015","3.0"
"Calm and comfortable environment","Foot traffic in banks is slowing down as online banking becomes more popular, so it was a bit slow working in the actual branch. Customers were generally very friendly, co-workers as well. Management...well it depends on who you count. My direct supervisor was a bit passive aggressive and rude, very loud and intimidating. Her superiors were very nice, and very understanding of my scheduling needs and availability. I guess depending on the location, you may either sit at your computer scrolling through the same news feeds day after day, or you may be on your feet running back and forth for hours. Hour long lunch breaks, VERY nice. Shifts were reasonable, and it was fantastic to have every sunday and most of saturday off. The hardest part of the job was training, considering it was 55 miles one way to get there and lasted about 6 days. Miles were compensated, no issues or hassle there.","Teller II","Former Employee","Howell, MI","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"well run, poorly paid","good culture, respectable management, considerable training available, but company is like a training ground for other firms. this bank takes great effort in hiring and training good people but seems to have a difficult time retaining talent because they refuse to pay at a competitive level.","Institutional","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"My Job","I am currently a loan support analyst to where I work in the host system and changed the system to show the modification that the customer applied for. At times, the job is not hard but can be stressful. The team that I work with is awesome and are willing to help each other out if need be. Management is laid back and very easy to talk to. It can be hard to get the coaching and development that is needed since they are all in meetings.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"Don't even waste your time","Don't even waste your time...I did and will regret that I put in almost 2 years of my life that I will never be able to recoup again. From branch management (or should I say lack of?) all the way on up, I just felt like it was an out of control 3 ring circus each and every day. The only thing that really an truly kept me going was my client base even if they were unwilling to commit to new solutions more often than not. I did not force solutions on them even that seems to be the accepted norm.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 10, 2015","1.0"
"Open to employees opinions"," this bank was a nice place to work but advancement was slow and not consistant. Great leaders in place to try and help you as much as they can.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 9, 2015","4.0"
"Not my cup of Tea","Not much to say about the company management was not supportive however customer treatment was great. Training was very informative however this can be a cut throat job due to it being a sales job","Supervisor","Former Employee","Fayetteville, GA","June 9, 2015","2.0"
"Our bank was purchased by this bank and did not make our team feel welcome!","Managed several stores and handled business development. Former bank was fantastic; however when purchased by this bank they assumed that none of us knew how to do our jobs. Hardest part was listening to co-workers that were hired by this bank an only in banking a few months telling me my 15+ years of banking did not mean anything. Most enjoyable part was finding another opportunity and being able to tell this bank goodbye!","Sales and Business Development Manager","Former Employee","Virginia","June 9, 2015","2.0"
"Good place to work/ decent pay","Overall this bank is a good place to work. The retail banking enviornment is stresful in general and this bank is no different, but this bank pays it managers well and the compensation plan was lucrative when I was there. I have heard it has changed though","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 9, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work!","Great place to work. Everyone worked extremely hard and they were great to work for. They really valued your work life balance.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, Ohio","June 8, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","I Love working in the Call Center environment. I'm a team player, so lover working a Group of people everyday to achieve our goals.","Customer Consultant II","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 8, 2015","4.0"
"Awesome banefits","Nice to work. However one particular manager, she always on people case. was not considerate of other peoples feelings. she would start insulting ad downgrading you in front of other colleagues. The top manager didn't care because hi to busy sleeping with the employees.","Senior operations Specialist","Former Employee","Richardson Tx","June 7, 2015","3.0"
"Horrible. Uncaring. Slave Drivers. Sell sell sell!!!","Do not work here. Just don't do it to yourself. It's not worth the aggravation. Regional and distract managers don't care about you. They will not promote you or advance you. You will make 11.00$ an hour for as long as you work here and will be expected to run the office as the only teller on the teller line and make referrals, perform cold calls, provide great customer service, do atm demonstrations, maintenance the atm machine, order supplies, count the money accurately, get surveyed, meanwhile management plays on their computer and cell phone making triple the pay of what you make. You are a machine and cannot even pay your own bills. It's disgraceful that a company who makes so much money pays so little and will hold you back when you try to post out. Your job in banking will soon be outsourced by technology. Find something better, it's not at this bank. The CEO changed a few years ago and this bank went from caring about their customers to harassing them about products and services they don't want or need. Unless you want a telemarketing sales job don't put yourself through it.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","June 6, 2015","1.0"
"Great!"," this bank was wonderful to me. The management is very supportive and it is a great learning environment where growing is encouraged.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","June 6, 2015","5.0"
"Great work life balance","I am currently employed as a Quality Analyst assigned to Business Banking Service Department. My typical day includes listening to conversations for my assigned teams and providing quality feedback and coaching comments to help meet the company's standards What I have learned from this position is the ability to analyze situations and provide feedback to help the consultants have stronger conversation making sure to promote the this bank Brand. I have strengthened my time management making sure I can meet all necessary deadlines and daily productivity goals The hardest part of my job is that it can be very stressful to meet productivity goals with work load while also being available to Team Leads to answer questions and also attend/lead conference calls as scheduled The most enjoyable part of my job is that I feel that my job is very meaningful and that I help to make an impact on the consultants I evaluate as well as the this bank customers making sure that we are delivering exceptional customer experiences and providing constructive feedback on opportunities to achieve this goal There is great work life balance in my current position with my manager being very focused on personal well-being and the impact it makes in the workplace. We are very engaged group and there is an equal trust between co-workers and management that each member of the team performs to their best abilities.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Work from home","June 5, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","Responsible for providing exceptional customer sales and service while exemplifying this bank's brand of Ease, Confidence, and Achievement.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall,Ohio","June 4, 2015","3.0"
"Copacetic environment with video games for break and lunch relaxation"," this bank was very good with training specific to a SPOC's role and Freddie and Fannie Mae guidelines. Management was very sensitive to any personal or professional needs that may affect your performance and always maintained an open door policy Most enjoyable part of job is the interaction with the client and being able to resolve that client's issue timely and effectively. However, it is never easy to to advise a client their request for a retention or liquidation option had been denied. My coworkers are all seasoned and willing to assist in any knowledge exchange or back log scenario and management is equally willing as well. A strong team ethic is apparent and management certainly encourages it. A typical day at work would begin logging into the dialer phone system, CATCH. Any inventory of voice mails would need to be return called per standard and file notated first in the early am. Incoming calls would need to be researched and resolved with the file notated as well. Client contacts for trial modification would need to be made to ensure timely payments were made in the late pm via Western Union transaction and with appropriate notation to the file. At this bank I learned detail specifics of the mortgage servicing industry, the importance of keeping a smile on your face when talking to an internal or external client in a high paced environment and how the industry can change.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 4, 2015","4.0"
"Overall Satisfied","Good place to work. My department very flexible with work/life balance. Room for advancement. Friendly co-worker. Great community programs.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2015","5.0"
"Working in the basement with no windows was a big adjustment"," this bank was my first full time job. A typical day consisted of picking up the mail at the post office then sorting it and distributing the mail, followed by processing savings bonds and Abington heights taxes.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","June 3, 2015","4.0"
"high paced, detailed orientation environment full of diversity","As a teller primary responsibilities were to accurately process daily transactions while consistently creating an excellent customer service experience; Helped to build new client relationship; Ensured that requirements such as Bank Secrecy Act and Anti- Money Laundering protocols were consistently being implemented; Identified customer needs and referred financial products and services; Kept a proactive knowledge on key policies, procedures, products and services; Replenished Branch ATM","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 3, 2015","5.0"
"Great company to work for","Had a lot of fun meeting new people and helping them everyday. I had good hours, pay was good. Great company to work for, employees to management. Busy main branch. Dealt with a lot of businesses and large sums of cash of a daily basis. Helping all type of customers and their individual needs. Management was always flexible and worked with me if ever a personal matter came up and needed to be addressed Strengthened my customer service and cash handling skills, also was always very friendly and helpful to customers, face to face and over phone. Always made sure to follow up with customer till everything was satisfied completely.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","June 3, 2015","5.0"
"Great place","Great customers and coworkers, family like setting. The referrals are the hardest thing but when feeling comfortable it comes easily.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","June 3, 2015","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank was a great company to work for. They had flexible work schedules. It was a great work environment. They provided great training classes.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 2, 2015","5.0"
"A nice place to learn and excel","Work was enjoyable, except company/management wont sponsor visa for even highly qualified foreign associates. Management is nice, co-workers share knowledge and learn from each other.","Informatica Administrator","Current Employee","cleveland","May 31, 2015","4.0"
"Enjoying my work, with little work pressure","Most of the time I am doing office work due to work pressure. I learnt many things from this project like mainframe file reading, server related activity, communication with different Team. The client is also very happy with my activities towards the project. Management is good, but cross functional activities is more. My co-workers are very good in internal communication in project work, they are very helpful and we are enjoying our work. When from different projects, change request comes, then we all started working as a Team to this work.","Production Support work of Banking Project","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 30, 2015","4.0"
"Enjoyed the job and people.","I really enjoyed my job very much, and the people were great. My supervisor was outstanding. I was noticed for my hard work. We were all treated equal, and exceptional chance for advancement.","Data Control Specialist","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","May 29, 2015","5.0"
"Refresh Technician","Nice environment with people that understand you are there to help them. Coordination with end user make my job much more pleasant.","Senior Refresh Technician - Mortgage/Bank","Current Employee","OH","May 29, 2015","3.0"
"Great workplace and employees"," this bank was a great company to work for. I enjoyed working with everyone I came across. I worked in different branches across the cincinnati area.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 29, 2015","5.0"
"My branch manager was amazing","If the branch manager is good, then this bank is a great place to work. If he/she is a poor manager, it's a miserable place. The benefits are top of the line for that pay grade.","Teller","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","May 28, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fast paced enviornment","Working for this bank was a delight. Encounter with clients and being able to engage with clients to meet their financial needs. Also to try and meet financial goals.","Teller","Former Employee","Bensalem, Pa","May 28, 2015","4.0"
"Positive fun workplace","A typical day at this bank consist of me get my work area setup then its time to do my jobs processing work . I learned the process it take for customers to receive there funds.Had the best co-works they helped me nand also teached me a lot","Sorta Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 27, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","The opportunity to connect with people and the challenges that comes along is what I love most about my job. I have been in the customer service industry for the past three years particularly in retail stores. My most recent experience is in retail banking where I have the opportunity to work with a great team of which at the end of the day we strive to achieve one major goal and that is customer focus. My real strength is attention to detail and do right at the first time. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to assist customers and provide appropriate solutions to their inquires quickly and effective.","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 27, 2015","5.0"
"n/a","I really enjoy working for this bank. The core value of the company keeps me wanting to work there. The company really stripes to keep work and personal life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","May 26, 2015","3.0"
"Do not work here"," this bank only allows you to move up 3 pay grades at a time. They support the gay pride parade every year. This company's management style is they love to micro manage you.","collector II","Current Employee","OH","May 26, 2015","3.0"
"Typical Day"," this bank Mortgage is the principal subsidiary of the this bank , Inc. Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, this bank offers consumer and corporate services in over 2,500 across America. this bank Mortgage "Formerly bank N Mortgage) is the mortgage division of this bank BANK. Acquired through the bank N deal, this bank Mortgage is credited with the first mortgage in the States. Major tasks were developing and maintain for DATAMART, Creating packages, Package tuning, Optimizing Indexes, Views, Stored Procedures using PL/SQL.","Oracle Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburg, PA","May 26, 2015","4.0"
"Good learning experience","Great training program, accountable for individual production, great managers and a great company to learn from. This company is still growing and has a large customer following.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","new jersey","May 26, 2015","4.0"
"Fast Paced","Great boss & co workers but had to sit in chair the whole shift while keying in the same position and it was a third shift job which was very hard on me to get used to.","Data Entry","Former Employee","Hunter Hill, Rocky Mount, NC","May 25, 2015","3.0"
"Draining place to work.","I transferred from a this bank customer care center to a branch location in another state! I have been in my new environment for a very short time (1 month) and can already feel the pressure of management for sales production. Although the morale of the employees is very low at the customer care center, outbound sales level...the morale of the employees at the branch level is extremely low. There is a severe disconnect between service partners within the company (branch/experiential team) Absolutely no work/life balance. I gave my manager my cell number the first week of starting...I thought for emergency purposes, but I've been receiving off the clock group text messages (before and after work) inquiring about sales and how the sales for the next day better increase... for the last 2 weeks The training for an internal transfer from a customer care center to a branch is ineffective. Although sales and sales conversations are similar, branch operations (security, policy and procedures) are very different. I was given some web-based training, that really had nothing to do with my new role and I am now expected to be a pro at the branch level as a universal sales consultant. I also found out through other employees and now receiving emails from people I don't even know, that I am expected to volunteer off the clock time to events that are happening within the community, to get the this bank brand out. Yes, I will be compensated for these events, but they are usually nights and weekends. So I would be expected to leave work after a full 8 hour workday and set up shop at another location - more...","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 23, 2015","2.0"
"Good company to work for but not secure","Good company to work for but not secure. High pressure It does teach you a lot about banking. Good programs for the clients. But very tiring for the employees","Senior Workplace Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","manassas VA","May 22, 2015","2.0"
"Fast paced bank with great coworkers.","Fast paced bank focused not only on building strong customer relationships but also on ensuring that all employees are treated fairly. Management made sure you had all the tools needed to get the job done plus would speak to you about opportunities to grow in the company and your overall development. Coworkers are great, varying personalities and generally a great environment to work in.","Peak TimeTeller","Former Employee","East Orange, NJ","May 21, 2015","5.0"
"The best work experience I have ever had.","During my internship, Performed audit services for First Energy, Ohio Edison Connection, Transstar, and Novelis. Observed risk assessment protocol related to the generation and distribution of energy for consumers Partook in meetings with those charged with governance to discuss internal control over financial reporting. Participated in substantive procedures and tests of details related to cash accounts, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. Worked 50-60 hours per week throughout internship.","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","May 21, 2015","5.0"
"Good Pension bad company progression","There where many ups and downs to working for this bank, but the pay is a down the benefits is an up. The company dose suffer from lack of communication across all job functions but has been trying to improve that with training across departments.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","May 21, 2015","2.0"
"Productive work environment with opportunities for advancement.","Typically my day begins by opening the branch, going over our plans for the day with each other so we know who's doing what, communication. From there my day consists of calling clients, assisting clients who visit the branch, doing outreach events during the day for the community. My direct manager is great, our regional manager gives very inconsistent goals and expectations. I'm a firm believer that in banking, there is a balance of sales and operations. If the branch is operationally sound, things run smoother, safety is upheld and we can produce more effectively. However, any time we tried to ensure all team members had an equal opportunity to spend time on operations, we were scolded. So my direct manager is outstanding, this bank upper management is not supportive or understanding. I will give an example, I had serious back surgery 3 months ago, I was out for a month. I received a phone call from my regional manager questioning whether I had cleared that leave with my manager....not how are you feeling, but simply scolding me. I filed for leave well in advance, notified my manager who gets correspondence from this bank leave. So to me that was completely out of line. To even think I took a month off and told no one was absurd. One of the things that drew me to this bank was the fact they preached about a work life balance. I've found that is truthfully not the case. There are constant events that we are asked to attend outside of normal schedules, nights, Sundays (Mother's Day)......things that are not possible for me with a 2 year old daughter and my wife being a FT nurse. - more...","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","May 20, 2015","1.0"
"My history with this company is long standing. I'd like to continue to increase my skillset and grow.","A typical day at work is fast paced with many responsibilities to help us to provide exceptional service. We make our main goal to offer products and services that represent our brand as well as best suit the needs of our customers.","Fraud Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 19, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Teller","I loved working as a bank teller dealing with the public each and everyday. you would meet new people everyday and you always had had to have a smile on your face at all time no matter what you may be going through. if you had a bad transaction with one customer you had to shake it off fast and get over it for the next. Loved being a bank teller and dealing with the public","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 19, 2015","5.0"
" this bank Call Center","Working in a call center was a fast past fun job, talking to over 80 customers a day not knowing what the customer needs help with you have to be ready at all time. You have to assure the customer you will help them with their problem and after the phone call is over your problem you called in about will be too, keeping the customer relaxed at all times","Call center this bank","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 19, 2015","5.0"
"Culture","The environment was a great place to work at. The focus of improvement and change was astonishing. Technology and compliance was a main focus on improvement in leading the industry. Overall great ethics and kept busy.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 19, 2015","5.0"
"The people that worked at this bank made the job fun","I like working at this bank. I liked what I did. I worked well with others and my managers. There is not much really to say about the job. I liked working in the encoding department.","Check Encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 18, 2015","4.0"
"Good leadeship and friendly enviornment","Busy day. Always active. Good learning enviornment. Policy and procedure work enviornment. Communication is very important. Hardest part of the job is balancing your task with customer demands which change daily.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","May 18, 2015","4.0"
"A very good place to Work in this Environment","Good management and all the business analysts are friendly and more supportive during work. Flexible to do work from home when needed.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","May 18, 2015","5.0"
"n/a","Nice company to work for. Constantly evolving to keep up with industry trends. The hardest part of the job are the hours Late Friday evening and Saturdays.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Newark, DE","May 17, 2015","5.0"
"Great co-workers, long days","I love the people that I work with, they make the days fun and are very patient when someone is in the learning process. I also love my manager, she is very involved and always available if needed. But, I haven't had an entire weekend off for a month and likely won't until July. Saturdays off are supposed to rotate. They do offer benefits, but the health insurance and dental plans aren't the best. The deductible is over 2 grand for health insurance and the dental plan has a $1,500 annual cap. Hourly pay is ok, but don't plan on being able to support yourself solely on this income (Unless you are a platform banker, then you may have a chance). One highlight is that we get an hour for lunch, the con is long work days. Fridays are usually 7:45 am to 6:15 pm. Then you have to be back Saturday morning at 7:45 am. Most days you are 7:45 am to 5:15 pm. But some days you may be 10-2 or 9-5. The only thing consistent is you know you'll have to be there at some point 6 days a week.","Teller Rep I","Current Employee","Missouri","May 17, 2015","3.0"
"A typical day at work","A typical day at work will consist of 25% of customer service, 25% teller, and 50% sales. I've learned to pull in customers from the supermarket to the branch and uncover their financial needs to complete a share of wallet. Management can be very pushy about sales but they definitely provide us recognition for accomplishing our goals. Full staff at the branch is a maximum of 5 employees including the manager. The hardest part of the job is overcoming the fear of approaching customers while they are food shopping. The most enjoyable part of the job is saving my customers time and money after recommending/closing the best products and services for them.","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","May 16, 2015","4.0"
"good work environment","good company to learn about banking life. overall very solid employment and much opportunity for improvement and self growth","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","east windsor","May 14, 2015","1.0"
"Good team to work with","Good Tea Helpful Managers and Leads. Encouraging career wise. Team was friendly. Used to take as challenge when it comes to deadlines and meet them.","QA","Former Employee","New York, NY","May 14, 2015","3.0"
"Good company to work for","I started off with the company as a processor for my current position now. I looking for a change I really have learned a lot here and now I'm time to move forward and try my hand at something else. The hardest part for me working here is working the weekend been on the weekend for 10 year now. The part I do enjoy is my co-works","Operations Work Lead I","Current Employee","College Park, GA","May 14, 2015","4.0"
"Great Company","The sky is the limit with this bank, their job portal is wonderful and advancement is very simple to begin. Although you do have to hold your current position for 12 months. They treat employees quite well and I think this is one of the better banks to work for.","Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 14, 2015","5.0"
"Okay place to work, no work life balance, no support, or teamwork, or leadership","3 Stars, not a great place to work, no work life balance, no support, or teamwork, or leadership. The schedule is terrible the management is terrible and the system is terrible. I would not recommend this job to anyone.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Stafford, VA","May 13, 2015","1.0"
" this bank","I am not impressed with this company overall. They do not care abut their employees. It shows in the overall attitude of management, their benefits package, and the work life balance options available. They are available, however, extremely hard to get approved.","Treasury Management Client Services","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","May 13, 2015","1.0"
"Great place to work!","Currently work on First Mortgage Defaulted accounts. Very challenging in regards to investor guidelines/requirements","Officer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 12, 2015","5.0"
"Not the greatest","Some of the management are decent. The pay and benefits are awful, especially in retail side, not competitive with local banks. Poor on the job training.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Crescent Springs, KY","May 11, 2015","3.0"
"ok"," this bank was a great company to work for till upper management changed. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv","Account Executive","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2015","4.0"
"Realty Services Coordinator","Always available to assist branches with issue to maintain readiness operations. Processing invoices, provides attentive customer service to all.","Administrative Coordinator","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 10, 2015","4.0"
"Top Heavy","The company is unfortunately very top heavy in terms of salary. They have internal limits they have set on how much of a pay increase you can receive when promoted. There is no accountability for other lines of business and they are hurting to attain and retain staff.","Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","May 10, 2015","2.0"
"Collector","Best volunteer work ever. Management not good. Co Workers Excellent. Hardest part not living sooner. Helping others.","Collector II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 9, 2015","5.0"
"Knowledgeable workplace","Customer Service 24/7, new product knowledge everyday. Came into this job not knowing all too much about banking what so ever. Now I know so much in a short period of time thanks to their training, and knowledgeable co-workers.","Teller","Current Employee","Largo, FL","May 8, 2015","4.0"
"Its a bank","when i first started it was bank N. they were eventually bought out by this bank. very goal driven and customer/goal focused. They do not place much stock in their actual employees. which is sad.","ATM Teller","Former Employee","Lewis Center, OH","May 8, 2015","3.0"
"A fast paced work environment","A typical day would consist of managing the Branch Vault, handling business deposits, focusing on branch audits, training tellers on sales.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Belmont, OH","May 7, 2015","3.0"
"Great company that is serious about empowering the communities it serves!","There were two great lessons I learned at this bank #1 - The art of building relationships is very important to the success of the any role #2 - There are many advantages to business and community collaboration.","Program Manager, Volunteerism","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 7, 2015","4.0"
"If starting out in banking this is a good start","Customer's are great!! Working here has given me great customer service skills but not much else. Management is disorganized and unreliable. Constantly short handed. The hardest part of the job is meeting the demands of corporate while trying to perform daily functions. Unrealistic expectations for tellers especially when there is never enough employees to help with tasks at hands. Consistently expected to handle tasks that management is supposed to handle. Always changing policies, employees DO NOT stay long, get there experience then go to another bank with less drama!!","Full-time Teller","Former Employee","Mount Airy, MD","May 7, 2015","2.0"
"A very Productive and Deadline driven atmosphere."," this bank is an awesome place to work. My typical work day is very busy, which I love. Here at this bank, we try our best to keep our customers satisfied and we do our best at processing customers payments in a timely and professional manner. I've learned a great deal of things from the management team here like communication is always the key and how much it means to always be fair and consistent. The hardest part of my job is leaving at the end of the day and the most enjoyable part of my job is having the opportunity to work with a great team.","Trainer","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","May 7, 2015","4.0"
"N/a","I enjoyed working for this bank. They offered tuition reimbursement. I also liked the fact that they had 401k and many other good opportunities within the company.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 7, 2015","4.0"
"Loved it","I loved working here. The training is 8 weeks long and they made us do lots of fun things. I learned a lot. I didn't like the hours but I loved the pay and the benefits.","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 6, 2015","5.0"
"Not a Great Place to work","Employees get very little consideration. This company is ALL about numbers. Favoritism is a big factor in the day to day.","Bank teller and Customer Service Rep","Current Employee","Saint Charles, IL","May 6, 2015","1.0"
"Fast pace Changing Detailed","Typical day at this bank would be servicing all issues that customer may have. Giving this customer perfect assistance and completing their request earns me the right to see if there is any additional products that this bank would be able to provide for them to expand our relationship. This job has shown me a lot about the world of finances and important values of small details make a differnce. Co-works are great team envoirment that allows everyone to help and share how to make the next one better. The hardest part about working in the banking field is the problem and issues you come across they may upset someone or prevent them from their funds. The best thing is getting someone the help they need and knowing that you've helped them in a way that can help them a long term","REGISTERED SALES CONSULTANT III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2015","3.0"
"Good Company to work for","Working with customers was my favorite part of this job, not only did I start to know that regulars, but I started to have my own customers that only wanted to work with me. I love meeting new people and I enjoy this work environment. I've learned that sometimes you just need to be yourself. This was also a good place to work when you have children. They worked with me and understood family life. My co workers made it fun to come into work, we were not only coworkers but family.","Teller","Former Employee","South Bend, In","May 4, 2015","5.0"
"Nice Place - Good Learning Experience","It was good experience , I was hired for a short 6 month job as a contractor.My job wast to upgrade there existing database cluster environment to higher version. I have no complains with co-workers or Management , I found all of them helpful.","Oracle DBA","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 4, 2015","4.0"
"Procuctive and great place to work at","Great company to work for. Possibilities to grow and to build up self-confidence. Great people to work with Regarding the management, much more could be done. My most enjoyable part of my job is to get the opportunity to meet with people. Customers from different origins and background that sharpen your intelligence and your abilities to cope with others","Full-Time Teller","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","May 2, 2015","5.0"
"Hsbc","HSBC gave me many chances for promotions and experience which I will always appreciate. At the time I was employed there the salary was poor but the benefits were very good.","Bank Officer","Current Employee","buffalo, ny","May 2, 2015","4.0"
"Account Integrity","A typical day at work consists of working on ARC reports around CFPB regulations. Entering modifications into the system that customer's apply for.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 1, 2015","4.0"
"Nice pay Good benefits","Sales driven company, advancement is reasonable. Easy job, really focused on exceptional customer service. wish that the schedule is typical banking.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Towson, MD","April 30, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work with great people and flexible hours","I filed mortgages for this bank. Mainly just sorted papers and stacked them on shelves. Stayed pretty busy for most of the day,","Consultant","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 29, 2015","4.0"
"Very sales orienteated","Company focuses on sales rather than relations. Provides great benefits. Great opportunity to gain experience with handling confidential information and client issues.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","April 29, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and good ambiance to work for","I really enjoyed working for this bank and advanced over my years with this bank. The pay was good and benefits are great. I worked with a great group of people. Good ambiance to work for.","Tableau Developer","Former Employee","pennsylvania","April 28, 2015","5.0"
"Good place to work","Many benefits, they treat you equal. Great co-workers where I used to work. Customers are very nice and friendly. Sale a lot of accounts to customers but as always good.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Woodbridge, NJ","April 28, 2015","5.0"
"Great Work Life Balance/Low Pay","Great work life balance and low pay. Too much work and not enough pay. Too much documenting and not enough time to bring money into the bank.","Financial Sales Specialists","Current Employee","Sanford, NC","April 27, 2015","3.0"
"Infrastructure project manager","Responsible for on boarding, applications throughout the banking network Providing the MIS teams with resources to redesign their environment into a cloud data center. build out the future state environment for applications moving into the new data center. Creating a statement of work of the new future state for applications managing the approval process for the buildout of the future state. Managing the project in clarity, along with all milestones, financial reports, managing resources, and project hours. Managing calls to resources and MIS team to discuss the future state buildout of their environment.","Infrastructure Project Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 27, 2015","3.0"
"Very diverse atmosphere.","Enjoyed helping people with their accounts and fixing anything that I could. The diverse atmosphere was very enjoyable, as well.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","milwaukee,wi","April 27, 2015","4.0"
"Great compensation, comfortable work environment"," this bank Wealth Management offers an above average compensation package, with the exception of the health benefits, which I would rate average. The work environment is very comfortable, primarily because of the people that work there.","Vice President Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","April 26, 2015","4.0"
"Great Place to work"," this bank has done a great job at serving the communities within its footprint. They have very competitive products and services that allow them to be amongst the top Financial Institutions. The are very focused on Customer Service and Customer Loyalty and they achieve this through Employee Engagement.","VP","Current Employee","NJ","April 25, 2015","4.0"
"Productive work environment","Constantly on the go enjoyable work environment. new technology and device deployment. good management. great people diversity. meeting people","Technical Support Specialist","Current Employee","Atl antaGa","April 24, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","• Utilize analytical and relationship building skills to troubleshoot client's account inquire • Completed and excelled at rigorous retail and lending sales training program. • Within the first six months tested into the this bank mentoring program, to assist with the training and development of new employees. • Played a pivotal role with clients through the conversion of bank N to this bank. • Provided superior customer service to clients, which resulted in multiple 5 star Gallup scores. • Participated in the Grow Up Great Program.","Senior Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 24, 2015","5.0"
"Branch Employee","Opportunity for advancement is present. Clear communication to upward management. Low to moderate starting salaries. Work/Life balance as a branch employee is mediocre due to branch hours.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 23, 2015","4.0"
"productiveself pace work place","I answered phone calls from customers all over the United States. I was given confidential information as well as working with it. I filed disputes, complaints,i gave balance, I gave customers knowledge on new products the bank offered, overall I tried to make the customers banking experience a great one with trust and communication.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo MI","April 23, 2015","4.0"
"Great company","Co-workers are very supportive. Enjoyed working there. Learned everything about banking. Good training program. I would recommend this bank to recent college graduates.","Branch Manager - II","Former Employee","Florida","April 23, 2015","5.0"
"A typical Work place"," this bank is a typical work place with very controlling atmosphere. They are a corporation that only thinks of themselves and not there employees.","Analysis II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 23, 2015","2.0"
"Good bank to work for","The bank has so many programs for employees, and customers. they make sure you have the tools you need to be productive. Your path to success is dependent on your motivation.","AVP","Former Employee","Baltimore MD","April 23, 2015","5.0"
"Just like any retail bank out there","Very bureaucratic levels of management. The only way to succeed is to step on others. No real growth potential. Job availability depending on the geographical location. The closer you are to Pittsburgh the better your chances.","Finance","Former Employee","New York, NY","April 22, 2015","2.0"
"Upper Management","Overall I didn't have a great experience at this bank. The upper management has no clue to what is going on in the branches. I would recommend going to a larger bank that actually values their associates","Branch Manager III - VP","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 22, 2015","1.0"
"Great Associates","The company has an urban and new way of banking, but lacks some advancement in products. Job security is always a threat which isn't a great thing to face on a daily basis.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 22, 2015","2.0"
"Toss Up","Dependant upon the department or section an employee works for determines the work life balance, compensation, job security, management, and job culture because some are better than others.","Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 22, 2015","3.0"
"A decent company","A good company, needs more structure and better management training. Location plays a major factor in quarterly targets. Good vacation and sick day benefits.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","April 21, 2015","3.0"
"Great Place to work","I loved working for this bank. This company is very progressive and encourages the personal growth of each of its employees.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Calabasas, CA","April 20, 2015","5.0"
"Great training, great people work here","This company has 5 star star training for its employees. They offer lots to enures they know what everyone is doing and they offer advancement The pay stinks , its so low -you can support anyone on this salary. Which is ironic because they're all about quality of life, but they don't they're people at all. Only if your a district executive - even managers aren't paid that well.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Emerson, NJ","April 19, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Investments","Fast paced, large sales goals, fun environment, opportunity to advance, enjoyable co-workers, nice benefits, competitive salary.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Erie, PA","April 18, 2015","3.0"
"It's a great place to work","Loved working at this bank, they are very family and community oriented. Loved the work from home policy twice a month. Co-workers are there for each other when needed. The hardest part of the job was trying to learn more when no one wanted to show you. Working there was very enjoyable and you learn a lot once you get someone willing to show you new things.","Corporate action closed account processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 16, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, fast paced","typical day consists of lobby management,engaging people in the aisles of the supermarket, providing customers with the knowledge about different products and services","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Plymouth Meeting, PA","April 14, 2015","4.0"
"Almost 10 Years"," this bank was a wonderful place to work. Company downsizing is understandable when foreclosure is at a low. I simply wish I was able to continue my career at this bank. I was laid off a few months shy of my 10 year anniversary.","MEDIATION CREDIT ANALYST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 14, 2015","4.0"
"Loved the customers","A friendly relaxed work environment, however leadership was lacking Co-workers were phenomenal and everyone pulled together consistently to achieve branch goals.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Wellsville, PA","April 14, 2015","3.0"
"Great job, little advancement opportunities, lousy benefits","Pay is fantastic, ability to work from home, good work load. Little to no advancement opportunities. Such a big and profitable company should offer better benefits, the benefits are a High Deductible plan and it is very high.","ALM Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 14, 2015","5.0"
"Individual Branches Cave in Performance Under Corporate Demands","Management is not chosen wisely. Employees are constantly receiving mixed messages. Customers are hard to come by considering all the competition. The banker role is good for someone who is very driven.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago","April 13, 2015","4.0"
"Its okay place to work","Expectations are too high. Many turn overs and change is constants. Manager is okay. Co-workers are fine but its always new people.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 12, 2015","2.0"
"Sales sales","Sales was the main focus and performance determines how big the bonus is. Scheduling your shift was a plus. A longer Lunch would make performance better and setting attainable performance goals would also be a plus.","SALES REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","49009","April 12, 2015","3.0"
" this bank is currently growing and changing the way of doing things new","I would highly recommend someone new to this Organization great! for starters good management team we have deadline on a daily basis we have huddles to make day go smoothly the hardest is being one team one shop one goal sometimes","Senior Clerical Technician","Current Employee","College Park, GA","April 12, 2015","4.0"
"productive and organized company to work for","Great company to work for. xtremely organized, love working for the company. family oriented company. Great location from where i reside. love people that work there","Customer Service IV","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 11, 2015","5.0"
"Great Staff"," this bank has a great staff to work with. They work hard together as a teamn and help each with the branch goals. I enjoy the moring meets and the wards and recongion.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Easton","April 11, 2015","4.0"
"Teller","The typical day would be just like at any bank. Since i have already answered i am not exactly sure what else i need to say. It was great working here but i guess it depends on your team and manager.","Teller","Former Employee","sterling,va","April 9, 2015","4.0"
"Not helpful to men with ill wives","Co-workers were okay to work with, managers (depending if you're in the inner circle), will take up for you...hardest part of the position was keeping up with all of the new laws and regulations that the government sends down the pipeline, however the work was fairly easy. My wife was ill and I had occurrences rack up for it (no FMLA). They let me go the day before our wedding anniversary, and when I tried to challenge the termination, they came up with a day I was late due to our car doors being frozen No job security whatsoever, although I was being molded for team lead position and had received district and headquarter praise for the lowest handle time in the call center.","SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 9, 2015","2.0"
"Great","Geat work environment, management and co workers. I learned a lot about the value of your customers. I had a great work life balance.","Senior Operations Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2015","4.0"
"work place","always tense and very micro managed. Very stressful work environment the breaks and lunches were very short. The most enjoyable part of the job was I had good coworkers and a good help team","loss mit","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 8, 2015","3.0"
"A good place to work","They say they're a family oriented company but during hard family times they don't show compassion to situations such as death. This is a very fast paced job and they are very short staffed. Someone is constantly getting fired and they have no problem replacing you.","Floating Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 7, 2015","3.0"
"The compensation for your work is minimal","There is no sales training for a job that strongly focuses on sales. Management was lazy and ill prepared to handle tasks.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","April 7, 2015","3.0"
"Not the job it's presented to be!!","Similar to another review I saw on here, the job I was hired for and the job I performed were two completely different things. Banking is moving in general to a universal banker format where everyone in the branches are required to do everything. Branches are forced to make a ridiculous amount of cold calling to try to drive in appointment traffic to sell products to customers. My particular branch was constantly short staffed. I was forced to work overtime for weeks on end. My manager would also show up and leave whenever he wanted claiming to be out on 'business calls' from which our team never seemed to see any business. I was trained for platform banking and was never allowed to do anything with it. Times when we would be short a banker for a random reason they would want to throw me on having no real training. There is no real room for growth either which was very upsetting. Regardless of whether I tried to go the banker path or the teller supervisor path, I was shut down and faced with obstacles. I was also made to cover the teller supervisor position for a few months and given no additional compensation or opportunity for advancement. Maybe if you are a young kid and want a decent job while living at home this could be a good opportunity for you. However, the salary does not make it possible for you to live as an independent adult. I will say that I did have two of the greatest co-workers I have ever had the pleasure to work with. They are the only part of the job I miss.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","NJ","April 6, 2015","1.0"
"Most of the IT employees are over-loaded","Too much work, too much overtime. The company culture has changed in the past two years. Most people can't balance work and family.","Lead Software Engineer","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","April 3, 2015","3.0"
"Favorite place I've worked","There is no other place in the history of ALL my jobs that I enjoyed as much as this bank. I got along with everyone and was trained well. They wouldn't accept failure, and that's awesome! They also treated their customers well.","Teller","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","April 3, 2015","4.0"
"Value Driven Organization"," this bank strives to bring value to customers through a thought out training process to give staff members to opportunities to show case their value creation during customer interactions.","Bank Officer","Current Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","April 3, 2015","5.0"
"Great Team members","Handling client transacations and questions. Uncovering additional financial needs for now and future. Enjoy working with a great Team. Having the ability to train other onboarding employees.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","NJ","April 2, 2015","4.0"
"Great way to interact with customers","A great customer service job but not much room for advancement. A great way to get your foot in the door with the company. A great job that requires you to be detail oriented.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2015","2.0"
"Productive workplace","Although the organization maybe a tad bit unorthodox, The company is overall a great opportunity for those who are just starting their career in sales.","Registered Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh,PA","April 1, 2015","4.0"
"Washington Mutual was bought out by JP Morgan Chase","A typical day work at Wamu was reviewing files and submitting to quality for approval. The only thing that I did not like about this process is there was not good communication between loss mit and quality.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 31, 2015","3.0"
"Family feeling again with co-workers and bosses","This job was a very long time ago. It was Valley American Bank back then and Darr Weikamp was the owner of the Bank. I worked at the main office and loved working with all the officers of the bank and got to know most of them. I worked the Drive Thru there so it was very fast pace which I really liked. I was prime time so I was locked into 19 hrs. a wk. Perfect for me at the time. Hardest part was watching for fraud.","TELLER AT Valley American Bank","Former Employee","Mishawaka, Indiana","March 31, 2015","5.0"
"Wonderful Bank to work for however not many opportunities for Human Resources Professional left in this area. I would have had to relocate.","I built my professional career at this bank. It was an opportunity that I will always be grateful for. I had the experience to manage multiple teams throughout PA and NJ and welcomed the challenges that provided me. I built my foundation of knowledge there and continue to build on everything taught to me.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","March 30, 2015","5.0"
"Great company","Understanding of work and home life. Treats employees very fairly. Good benefits. Excellent retirement benefits. Good vacation options. Lots of opportunity to grow within the company.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","March 30, 2015","5.0"
"Good Entry Level position","decent place to work, good for most entry level help desk position, if that is what you are looking for. Corporate culture is on par for most help desk departments","Corporate Help Desk Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 30, 2015","4.0"
"Wonderful customers","Provide wonderful customer service to many different cultures in Southern Maryland. We even have Amish and horse and buggies. Loved the customers dispite so many change overs in management.","Teller","Former Employee","Charlotte Hall, MD","March 29, 2015","3.0"
"Mediocre","Good job If you are looking for a temporary job to add some qualifications on your resume. Nice community bank, great hours, okay incentives.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Washington, DC","March 28, 2015","3.0"
"Great for advancement","Hours are great. Job is fairly easy. Company spent all of 2014 getting customers out of the branch by showing them other methods of banking, now they're spending all of 2015 trying to get customers back into the branch","Teller","Current Employee","Madison Heights, MI","March 27, 2015","3.0"
"pay not good. paid to have fun","always looking over your shoulder micro managing management. The days off/flexibility not great. Bankers should not be broke and not able to get a personal loan or day off while expected to smile and offer credit and loans to people. pay more. be more.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lorton, VA","March 26, 2015","3.0"
"Alabama","Hard to advance in this area. Regional manager has unrealistic expectations and does not look out for her employees. Most of the staff in my area is new because she has ran them off. The employees at the branches are typically great but regional manager is not.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","mobile al","March 26, 2015","3.0"
"Team Lead in Final Documentation Dept","In this position I was able to lead employees in a daily workflow system to ensure that Investors were delivered quality and error free documents in a timely manner.","Group Lead","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 26, 2015","4.0"
"Interesting","The most enjoyable part of the job was the satisfaction that I was able to assist customers with their financial needs. Most co-workers were great.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Maryland","March 26, 2015","3.0"
"I absolutely love working in the banking industry and customer service.","I worked in the banking industry for years and I learned a lot about customer service and cash handling. In banking it is imperative that you are fully alert in all functions of the job. I was a full time teller working the drive up and assisting the lines, it was challenging, busy and fun.","Bank Fulltime Teller","Former Employee","Lawrenceville NJ 08648","March 25, 2015","4.0"
"productive place","i came in punch in and began my day i keyed what i seen on my double screen and had to do it in a timely manner, the enviroment was smooth laid back","Data Entry","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","March 23, 2015","5.0"
"Fun work environment more transparency needed","Normally a typical work day begins with a team huddle to discuss any changes and focus on making that a better day. The main thing I learned working at this bank is always be flexible and willing to make any necessary adjustments to complete an escalated issue.","Credit Analyst III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 23, 2015","3.0"
"Very calm work setting with set work hours","A typical day at this bank entailed arriving to work on time, making sure all opening procedures were followed, and always beginning your day with a second associate. We made sure the branch was opened on time and always helped customers with a smile on our faces and assisted them with any issues they had with their accounts. I learned a lot about the bank setting and how to handle cash, and maintain the operations side of the bank in order. I managed three tellers under my supervision and assigned them personal goals to ensure the branch achieved their monthly goals. The hardest part of my job was learning how to work in a bank setting, being that it was my first job at a bank. The most enjoyable part was being a part part of a branch that consistently achieved their monthly goals.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","March 20, 2015","4.0"
"Bank on the hours","Great hours and excellent co-workers but the hardest thing about working at this bank is there gray area in policies and procedures. One this bank will allow things to slide while others wont. Over all, this bank is a very good company and cares about its associates but can be lost when your faced with contradictions.","Teller","Current Employee","New Market, MD","March 20, 2015","4.0"
"Retail Banking in Grocery Stores Fails to Deliver","My position was placed inside of a supermarket where we would attempt to leverage banking needs to people buying their dinner, weekly groceries, or even their lunch - many failures existed and a lot of the opportunities were dead-leads The exhausting 10 week training course was great for someone like myself who was unfamiliar with retail banking concepts, but the repetitive nature became annoying quickly and felt like the company wasted time with internal principles that didn't fully apply to my position. They really didn't set an employee up to be successful in the supermarket banking world and could have provided more training to overcome objections and develop sales strategies One thing this company fails to understand in the Mid-Atlantic area is their branches in supermarkets are failing - plagued with overly high turn over, poor foot traffic, and ineffective marketing strategies for these branches it caused employees who have terrible attitudes about their jobs. I had the displeasure of being hired before a branch was built fully and was forced to float around the area - not only did I meet many dissatisfied people who could careless about their jobs at this bank, I witnessed many people simply quit from their jobs on a weekly basis As for the compensation it was rather minimal for myself and colleagues as a traditional branch brought more foot traffic in than we did and we were highly overstaffed with employees waiting for our new branch to be built / finished. Moreover, had my manager not been very supporting I wouldn't have stayed past training If you - more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","March 19, 2015","3.0"
"Good People, Good environment, High expectations.","Good place to work. Great people and a good balance for life. Sometimes things can get hectic. You have to really be able to roll with the punches.","Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 18, 2015","3.0"
"Great job!","One of the best jobs I have ever had. It has helped me grow a lot as a professional and is a great enviroment to be in. I can tell this compnay cares about its employees.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Leesburg, VA","March 17, 2015","5.0"
"big asset for my department","High energy Financial Professional with mutual fund experience and education. Proven expertise in management, strategic and financial planning, analysis, and reporting. Astute, performance-driven business strategist highly accomplished in successfully managing business development and marketing initiatives to increase revenue streams for maximum return-on-investment (ROI). High level of integrity and dependability with a strong sense of urgency and commitment.","mutual fund accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 17, 2015","3.0"
"Employee friendly and a good place to work","Working for this bank has been a great opportunity because not only are they committed to their employees, but they are always 100 percent about the customer and providing the best customer service there is. A typical day for me is investigating and researching the roots of any and all problems that occur within our customers accounts. I do business daily with not only this bank customer's but other banks. I adjust our customer's account(s) accordingly and respond efficiently and timely to any deadline. Being able to be there for the customer all day every day, is great. We do the best we can to meet every customer's needs and expectations to simply make this bank a great place to bank.","OPERATIONS ANALYST 2","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2015","4.0"
"Good company to work for depending on your department","It was a very high intensity fast-paced position. I worked in the operation center. High volume of work. High turnover. Non-flexible schedule. Management making major changes.","Sr. Support Analyst I - Record Services","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 14, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","I learned that being a Teller Supervisor is not a boring job. There are always different job responsibilities, depending on the situation or day. There are no hard parts of my job , it constantly brings new challenges. The most enjoyable part for me is for a client to leave satisfied.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 14, 2015","5.0"
"Internship","Overall, the internship was well organized and challenged me on a day to day basis. I was not hired full-time due to budget reasons and I wish that would have been made more clear in the beginning.","Public Finance Intern","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 12, 2015","5.0"
"A very good company to work with"," this bank is a very good company to work for. The people in general are what makes the company what it is today. They have a big focus on developing younger talent.","Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 11, 2015","4.0"
"Teller","Working here has given me great customer service skills.The hardest part of the job is meeting the demands of corporate while trying to perform daily functions. Unrealistic expectations for tellers.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 11, 2015","4.0"
"Complicated. Very weird with no advancement.","Hard to advance. Company does not allow to many internal employees to achieve to the next level often. It is not a company I would recommend anyone to work for.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","March 11, 2015","3.0"
" this bank Work Environment","Great work environment, motivating management, customer service focused, motivating growth development internally for their employees. Gallup Awarded.","Retail Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 10, 2015","5.0"
"Company Does Not Care For Employees","A typical work day you will be responsible for processing transactions, selling products, and making phone calls to set up customers for appointments. Working here has given me great customer service skills but not much else. Management is disorganized and unreliable. Constantly short handed. The hardest part of the job is meeting the demands of corporate while trying to perform daily functions. Unrealistic expectations for tellers especially when there is never enough employees to help with tasks at hands. Consistently expected to handle tasks that management is supposed to handle. Zero work life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Manasquan, NJ","March 9, 2015","2.0"
"Big Company, good benefits, hard to advance","I worked at this bank for 7 years total, 2 as a temp and 5 as a FT employee. The best part had to be the people I worked with. However, after several years of good reviews the compensation was meager at best and chance for advancement was difficult in both departments I worked in. They are trying to change that culture with job shadowing and working with employees to fit them into positions that best suit their talents but that is still probably a year or two off.","Human Resource Operations Service Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 9, 2015","4.0"
"Would like to see the other side","10 years in Operations and I have found that a typical Ops unit is not where I desire to spend the rest of my career. My typical day is filled with unexpected questions and issues that need to be resolved, some of which may or may not require my attention. Line of businesses lack effective, consistent communication which results in an unneccessarily hurried pace Direct supervisor is accommodating and understanding to personal needs and requests, which is appreciated.","Risk Purchased Loan Closer Associate","Current Employee","Brecksville, Ohio","March 9, 2015","3.0"
"x","answer customer's questions and concerns, trouble shoot and problem solving. Explore customer's relationship with this bank and find products to make banking easier for them.","Relationship Expansion Consultant II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 9, 2015","4.0"
"A busy day in the life of a financial sales consultant","The typical day for a financial consultant, at this bank, starts at 8:30am. We all arrive and enter the building following safety procedures. A meeting is held to determine daily goals and special projects. Continued maintenance from the day before is completed. The doors and phone lines open at 9am. Throughout the day you juggle phone calls and clients in your office. The interactions may be as simple as changing a pin number on a debit card to helping a client recover from being a victim of fraud. Each integration is unique and the work to conclude it can take from 2 minutes to many days. During each interaction my goal is to gain a full financial picture for the client. I want to make sure they understand their banking, have proper protection on their finances, have a true financial goal and plans to achieve it as well as to make sure that they are receiving all the benefits that their bank has to offer. The best part of my job is being able to help a client achieve their goals. I have many success stories and love them all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, Va","March 8, 2015","5.0"
"n/a","Short staffed, management poor, job security poor, great co-workers and I would not refer this bank to family or friends as a place to work or do their banking","Financial Sales Coordinator","Former Employee","Akron, OH","March 8, 2015","2.0"
"Proactively manage Banking portfolio","Manage portfolio of Banking clients. Work to uncover new opportunities while managing current pipeline. Enjoy working with a team of skilled individuals to create a client experience.","Banking Service Advisor","Current Employee","Mishawaka, IN","March 8, 2015","3.0"
" this bank","This is the place I had great experience on Retail Banking. Great customer experience and enjoyed learning new things and meeting new people. I was happy that I could help many people and help them reach their financial goals.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","March 7, 2015","3.0"
"A great entry level job","I love working for this bank. My branch was superb and the training was great. There is a week long training where you get some hands one experience with their system and procedures you would follow when you are finally placed in your home branch. Clients were mostly pleasant and my coworkers were all friendly and willing to help out everyone.","Teller","Current Employee","Carrboro, NC","March 6, 2015","5.0"
"fun place to work","Just they don't really consider the fact that you have a life besides this job. typical day is talking to about 110 people a day about banking issues they are having and trying to squeeze in a sale","Expander","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 5, 2015","5.0"
"Review of my day to day work at The Home Depot","Utilize sales techniques to uncover customer needs and match to bank's products and services. Sell full range of retail products/services such as deposit accounts, loans, credit cards and safe deposit boxes. Meet and exceed established sales goals to support branch's overall sales objectives. Market a full range of customer and small business banking services to existing and potential customers. through proactive techniques. Resolve a variety of simple to complex in branch customer maintenance requests and inquiries. Ensure completion of required periodic audits and inventories on a timely basis","Banker","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 5, 2015","4.0"
"Great Company","i advanced pretty quick with this company. built great relationship. employees treat each other like a family. really great customer service starting ground","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","March 5, 2015","5.0"
"Not a place you should work","Everything about this is really bad. No opportunities to grow. Diversity is not even a work they have ever heard. Really bad experience and will never work again to this company.","AVP - Senior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2015","1.0"
"Good work environment","I loved coming to work everyday to talk to my coworkers and customers but that's about it. There's nothing more left to say about working at this bank","Teller II","Former Employee","Waldorf, MD","March 3, 2015","4.0"
"Challanging","This is a fast paced, ever changing environment. The most difficult piece to the job, is the volume of work, but the most gratifying is solving a client's needs, and working with others that have the same goals as you.","Executive Client Relations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2015","4.0"
"A bank with big bank capabilities in a more regional feel.","This was a great work environment where my direct manager did a great time of supporting me and making sure that I knew my growth was important to her.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 2, 2015","4.0"
"great work environment","Best part about this bank is that everyone is like a family and works together as a team to get referrals and sales. The branch manager coaches well and did many trend based coaching sessions with tellers and bankers.","Teller","Current Employee","Montgomery, AL","March 2, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","I enjoy the coworkers I have, although I feel underpaid in comparison to other banks. We got Human Sigma 6 and were promised a reward for outstanding service and received nothing","Teller","Current Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","March 1, 2015","4.0"
"Good work environment","Good work environment but a little disorganized. Not much job security due to the growing and falling mortgage market. Would work there again if given the opportunity.","Mortgage Loan Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 1, 2015","3.0"
"productive and fun","Assist ONC BAnk customer with their Accounts . I learner the how the customers concern . Co-worker were very helpful to each other . The enjoyable part of the job was being able learn Banking .","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","March 1, 2015","5.0"
"Best Job I've EVER Had!","Banking is amazing! You learn so much about people and what they do and you become a teller-pist! ;) The business side of this bank is great. There's growth room and plenty of opportunities just for working for them!! Must be very sales oriented or just not afraid to offer people whats being marketed or to hear no! If you can stomach that then this is a great entry position.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Englewood Cliffs, NJ","February 28, 2015","5.0"
"very productive and learning environment","very fast paced and very focused co-workers opportunity to learn and grow. most employees are engaged. best place for working mothers.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","maryland","February 28, 2015","5.0"
"Pay and incentives are good","Not as customer service motivated as they were years ago. More focused on individual outcomes than working as a team. The most enjoyable part of my job was working with the customer. The hardest part was sitting in meetings that were unproductive. I still see most of my co-workers and have built long term relationships.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Somerset, PA","February 28, 2015","3.0"
"Banking requires hard work. You will either succeed slowly or slump quicly.","*I've worked in both solo and team oriented careers. Banking is team all the way, which I do like and prefer. *I learned much about cash handling, finance in general, and how important it is to secure people's information. *Coming from an unlimited commission career of over years, the hardest part of banking was not having unlimited earning potential. However the work/life balance trade off made it more than worth it.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Reston, VA","February 28, 2015","4.0"
"na"," this bank culture is good for my quality of life I enjoy working there, developing talented teams and managing P&L's. this bank is the best place that I have ever worked.","Vice President","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","February 27, 2015","5.0"
"Worse position i have ever had would not recommend","horrible experience with supervisor and management. the training to begin with is horrible. also they expect you to learn everything that the bank offers on your own with little or no help. i was in a predominant white area and have never been treated as bad as when i worked here. not only by customers but by my supervisor. the most enjoyable part of the job was being able to speak to a sincere customer and escaping from the drama of the workplace. hardest part of the job was maintaing a professional attitude in this work environment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Munster, IN","February 27, 2015","2.0"
"Very nice atmosphere","Company is very good to work for. Best Place to work. I like working for this company. Very thoughtful about disabilities","Consultant at Corporate Care Center","Former Employee","500 Smithfield","February 26, 2015","5.0"
"Productive and consistent","Process customers transactions in a timely manner. Promote and sell products that best suits customers. Fill in for different branches on a daily/weekly basis","Customer Service Assistant","Former Employee","Monmouth County, NJ","February 26, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and consistent","Advise clients of best financial practices. Promote company products. Work with coworkers in 'getting the business'. Ask for the business. Close the deal","Financial Sales Consultant - BANK NOVEMBER","Current Employee","Toms River, NJ","February 26, 2015","3.0"
"Fun and friendly workplace","My typical day starts at 7am in the office, where i have to review complex data , analyze them and translate them into simple and transparent reports for management","FINANCE PROJECT MGR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2015","3.0"
"Great company to work for, would recommend to anyone.","Great growning company with a wonderful culture. Lots of advancement opportunities. People are friendly and everyone is willingt to help you learn and adapt.","Contract Recruiter","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","February 25, 2015","5.0"
"A place to learn at","I would got to work and help people with their mortgage. I also setup tax buckets and help them with payment plans so that they could keep their homes. That was very rewarding.","Customer Care Specialist I","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 24, 2015","3.0"
"Fast paced sales oriented place","It was a very fast paced learning position with a lot of opportunity of advancement, highly organized and very customer friendly place.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 24, 2015","5.0"
"Earned a living but did not feel valuable","Very negative micromanaged environment that did not show appreciation for employees but once a year when the company had employee appreciation week company wide. Work can be fun and there are things management can do to make work more enjoyable and make employees feel valuable but it's all business and no pleasure with them.","Mediations Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton Oh","February 24, 2015","2.0"
"Strong top 5 Bank in US","Strong ability for growth. Great place for women in the workforce. Community involvement. Teamwork and focus on ease of financial achievement.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Pa","February 23, 2015","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Great, fast paced atmosphere with the ability to advance in your career. Work-life balance is great as well as everything this bank stands for.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Norristown, PA","February 23, 2015","5.0"
"Main Street vs Wall Street"," this bank is looking to move their business in different direction - CEO has a great message - Banking products are very competitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Voorhees","February 23, 2015","2.0"
"Not my cup of tea","Good company if you're willing to stay in one position. Not many people have the opportunity to move up. I feel as though this company is great if you have the right management team that is willing to help you.","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","USA, PA","February 23, 2015","3.0"
" this bank","A typical day at this bank for me would start out with reviewing and compiling various banking reports. Then as the day progressed I would assist customers with their financial needs and make some outbound sales calls. I learned more about the banking field. The management at this bank was great, always willing to help you and always had an open door policy. My co-workers became like family to me and were there to bounce ideas off of. The hardest part about the job was when I had to explain to a customer why I could not refund them any fees. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to help students start their first bank account.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 23, 2015","5.0"
"Great enviroment","A typical day would start out by everyone goofing around and laughing. The branch manager would begin with our morning meetings and sharing with everyone our CIQ's and how everyone is doing. My co-workers were great!! I made a family there for life, I expect where I work to gain a family. The hardest part of my job was not having enough time for my family, I was out of the house at 7am and home by 8pm. My most enjoyable part of my job was just simply being around the people I worked with, the group we have down there is by far the best group of individuals I had ever worked with.","Teller","Former Employee","Uniontown, PA","February 22, 2015","5.0"
"Pittsburgh Post Gazette","Pittsburgh Post Gazette is a very professional company to work for. The culture of the post gazette supports diversity. The bank has many platforms to share your ideas and opinions.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2015","5.0"
"Great workplace for women,","This company cares that you have a life outside of their bank, they promote from within which is rare, down sides are that when your are promoted from within you get only a get a small raise. the incentive pay for bankers is very competitive.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 19, 2015","4.0"
"looking to go back to work","I have worked for this bank for almost 20 years. I have worked in the Mortgage department with modifications then proceeded to be a loan officer for 16 yrs. When National City became this bank I worked in. Chicago for 2 years then transferred back to Michigan as a Loan Specialist for Home Equity loans. I worked with customers over the phone and processed and closed Home Equity loans for the this bank. My duties were collecting income documentation from the customer . Once received and reviewed from the customer the income docs were sent to the under writer to make decision . Once approved I prepared the closing documents and emailed to the Branch. I provided excellent customer service and made my required goals monthly. I enjoyed my co workers and still keep in touch with them. I retired December of 2014 and after 1 month realized how much I missed it.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 19, 2015","5.0"
"More than 8 years great experience with this bank","This was my fist interview and first job in the US. I happily worked with this bank for more than 8 years and took a break to finish my studies. I got my first promotion as a Teller Supervisor within two years. I wish I could work with a great company like this bank.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 19, 2015","5.0"
"Great Place to Learn"," this bank has one of the greatest training programs in the industry. This alone makes it a great place to start a banking career. Management can be a bit much at times, but I was lucky to have a great Mentor at this bank.","Vice President Business Banking Ag","Former Employee","Morton, IL","February 19, 2015","4.0"
"Always changing","I would not recommend this job to anyone. This company can never keep anyone, because of the low pay and the constant push for sales. Terrible management. I've never seen a company go through employees so quickly!","Teller","Former Employee","Spanish Fort, AL","February 18, 2015","1.0"
"Highly Charged Up young and dynamic environment","Provides the best training for a campus fresher. Helps groom a traine Has excellent hierarchical structure , has a great EnR for continuous learning and development. Excellent appraisal system.","Senior Software Engineer","Current Employee","Miamisburg,OH","February 17, 2015","4.0"
"A very nice a warm environment place to work in","Very productive environment to work in with good co-workers. Greek customers as they come into the bank with good cheer. A typical day a work is processing checks; cash, withdraw and deposit checks. Management/co-workers are very concerned about my productivity and how I'm doing in a positive way. The hardest part of the job is making sure that everything and everyone is safe and secure. The most enjoyable part of job is making sure that the customers are satisfied with my level of service to them at the end of the day.","Bank Teller Representative","Current Employee","Bainbridge, OH","February 17, 2015","4.0"
"Career Opportunities Abound","Stable IT environment with good leaders. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow within the different areas of the bank.","Technology Manager - Testing Services","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 16, 2015","3.0"
"not a good place to work","no communication any where in the company, I would not recommend working her unless you are friends with the manager or you like to kiss butt Thanks the only way you will get along or make it there","3rd shift Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","February 16, 2015","2.0"
"Productive and fun work place","Helping customers manage their daily expenses and perform routine transactions while provided beneficial alternatives to traditional banking.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Leola, PA","February 16, 2015","5.0"
"Leran as you go enviornment","I had been with this bank for 3 years and nothing has changed. Management/ Employee relationship is way too personal and not by any means professional. They hire the wrong people and blame you for not being able to turn them into selling all stars when they've had absolutely no selling experience. Micromanagement and favoritism among employees with no sense of recognition. No wonder why this bank has so many job openings, too much turnover, it's because they can't hire the right people and when they do, they do not pay well at all. I would not work for this bank ever again nor recommend them to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","OHIO","February 15, 2015","3.0"
"Highmark","Overall very good company, lots of perks for working for the company. Normal work-life balance. Worked there for 9 years, mostly enjoyable learning experience.","Transmission Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2015","4.0"
"Great summer job","If you enjoy being outside for the heat and a summer job, enjoying all the awesome concerts held in your town this would be a recommended job for you. Learned how to manage different groups of people towards managerial skills i would later use in my life","Aramark Supervisor","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","February 13, 2015","4.0"
"Fast Paced Environment","Would take phone calls most the day, with meetings and coaching sessions in order to identify possible areas for improvement. Would always get very positive feedback. Very stressful job, in which threats and being cussed out were a daily occurrence. Still, I absolutely loved the job. Learned to handle high stress, high pressure situations. Learned how to handle and manage large money accounts and acquisitions. Developed my customer relation skills further; mainly my communication skills, but also learning how to work in a fast paced, aggressive work environment. Learned a lot. Most enjoyable part of the job was being able to explain situations to people and help give them some piece of mind.","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 13, 2015","4.0"
"Decent Job","Each day is filled with different good and bad things happening. I learned I need to do my own research from even with other departments The Management Expect you to do your job and make their jobs easy Your co-workers depending on how long they have been there, can either be of great assistance or a pleasant way to blow off steam. The most enjoyable part is when you can help a customer your trying to collect from.","COLLECTOR III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","February 12, 2015","3.0"
"Very professional workplace that offers many opportunities for advancement","I really enjoyed how this bank values involvement with the community. The company makes sure their clients are taken care of and are made to feel special and important. My favorite part of my job was seeing my clients everyday and I even had some that would come in just to visit. I also really enjoyed counting large amounts of money on a daily basis managing the ATM, vault, and shipping and receiving money orders to stock the branch.The hardest part of my job was cold calling. People do not take well to that sort of thing but often times it must me done to make sales goals.","Switcher","Former Employee","Snellville, GA","February 12, 2015","5.0"
"Grocery store banking is a joke","The distribution model that this bank has put in place in the grocery market is laughable at best. The absolute lack of professionalism, and poor quality of senior management, guiding the process leaves the employee feeling like a preschooler approaching a school bully in the aisles of the store. I have never been more humiliated by my association with an organization than by this joke of a job, which was sold as a fantastic opportunity for a new career. I think not.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis MD","February 12, 2015","1.0"
"Review"," this bank offers employees great opportunities to grow individually and as a team. They are truly a good company to work for, but you have to work hard for what you want.","Commercial Client Services","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 11, 2015","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","I loved working at this bank. I am looking for a new career because I will be moving out of the Cleveland area. I would love to stay with the company if I was able to find work closer to where I will be living.","Screener","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 11, 2015","5.0"
"Management","The management is great to work with. They are very understanding during the training and are there for you when you need something.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","February 10, 2015","5.0"
"Fun workplace"," this bank acquired RBC (Royal Bank of Canada) after only one year of working for them. Never had a problem with RBC but i think this bank could it done a better job with the transition.","Bank Teller Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 10, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Enjoyed working with co-workers and learned how to be a team player. Had many great experiences in the 13 years that I worked there.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Boca Raton, Fl","February 10, 2015","5.0"
"High pressure, little management support, poor executive staff","Branch roles are all about sales and very little about service. Company executives expect a 30+ min solutions assessment conversation with 'every' customer or you must explain why you didn't have the conversation. Highly micromanaged with little support from upper management. Lobby engagement - or the 'WalMart greeter' job - is unpopular with customers and staff but upper management insists on making the staff perform it Some branch managers were absolutely horrible - one in particular went thru 14 employees in 2 years - yet was not only supported by but promoted by regional management. You have to be really liked by someone with influence or with a member of upper management to get promoted. You will not be promoted on skill alone (but this may be symptomatic of corp American in general).","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indiana","February 9, 2015","2.0"
"It's Banking","A lot of work for minimal pay. Great work schedule, with all holidays off, Sundays off and shorter hours on Saturdays. Account perks were nice.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Massillon, OH","February 8, 2015","2.0"
"A typical day","I work in the consumer direct division which is a call center environment working on retention of current customers. You get leads from the bank portfolio to call on and attempt to refinance. There are a lot of streamline customer's available. The biggest issue is when you do your job as a group and overload processing, they will turn the rates higher and slow production down.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 8, 2015","4.0"
"Not bad but pay stinks","I loved the company it's benefits and everything that I was able to learn there from coworkers and management but the pay is not good.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","February 8, 2015","3.0"
"Very good employer","Good place to work and healthy team environment. Work and Life balance. Excellent benefits and support from management","Business Banker","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","February 7, 2015","5.0"
"Good hours with competitive incentives","You are able to work 9-5 and have many holidays off. It takes some time getting to know customers. There are a lot of changes taking place in the banking world which can be hard to explain to the customers.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Indiana","February 6, 2015","4.0"
"Productive place and great place to work at","I loved this place. I learned a lot of thing in processing mail and I was also very fast at learning the different forms and techniques of processing. I loved that they moved me out of the processing room and trained me on the computer to put in the information for ATM cards. I was excited to move up and I truly thought that. I was going to get hired on permanently and they told me that. I thought that I had a job to grow from and I would be there for some years to come. I did everything they asked me to do and they told me that they where going to hire me and they turned around and gave the job to a person that was always late, or calling off and hardly knew what she was doing. They hired her permanently. I was so crushed. But all and all I did love that job","Mail and File Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2015","5.0"
"Interesting and challenging place to work","Working at this bank back as a consultant was a challenging opportunity as they were introducing processes and methodologies for managing their IT environment.","Release Management Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2015","4.0"
"Good work/life balance","It is a nice organization to work for if a person is clearly at an established level within their career who is looking for their last job. People tend to coast and are very comfortable not progressing or pushing boundaries for improvement. It is an environment that breeds stability and mediocrity.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","February 5, 2015","2.0"
"Bait and Switch at Miracle Mile","I applied for a CSA position, and was hired. I was informed that I would be working mainly at a service desk, with limited time on the teller line ( I was told 90% service desk / 10% teller line). I found this to be acceptable, having 8 years of banking experience, I was interested in learning more about customer service / account opening and sales than working on the teller side. I was completely mislead. I worked at the Miracle Mile branch for 8 months, and in that eight months, was on the teller line everyday, with very minimal time at a service desk. The turn over rate for tellers at this branch is ridiculous, I believe this is due to low wages and incredibly poor management skills. These employees must handle extremely large amounts of cash and are faced with the possibility of armed robbery daily, stress levels are through the roof. I inquired with my manager, and she reacted in a very unprofessional manor. I was then berated as to who told me this information, which by the way, she did and basically, I was treated as though I was being reprimanded, for inquiring about my current position. In truth, I feel I was hired for one position, and the manager just placed me where she needed a body. At this point, I decided that there was something drastically wrong with what I had been told at the interview, and with the treatment I received from the management. I knew that I was never going to be able to perform the position that I had been hired for. So within a month, I found a position with another company, paying much better and without the micromanaging. this bank could - more...","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Monroeville, PA","February 5, 2015","2.0"
"Nice place to work if you enjoy talking to people about services !!","Open branch, perform night drop bags before opening, servicing customers needs(deposits,check cashing, payments etc) Lobby engagement with customers. Engage in conversation to help customers get every service that we offer . Balancing at end of day. Performing various closing duties,","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","February 4, 2015","3.0"
"knowledgable","It was an great and growing experience to work for this bank My knowledge during that time was grown extensively and I came to meet some of the best co-workers I still call friends today.","Senior Processing","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 4, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work for.","I had just started my career in IT and it was very stressful to work with large team and understanding business. My manager coached and help me a lot. Felt very good during completion of my project. I did learned a lot about IT industry and finance while at this bank. Initially I was overwhelm by the data but once I started to see it in smaller segment it was comprehensible.","Business Objects Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburg, PA","February 4, 2015","5.0"
"Name Change - Game Change","Ability to grow within the company was unlimitless. In some instances management encouraged the growth of employees reporting to them. Other instances management was extremely difficult to communicate with - unable to locate or reach by phone.","Business Banking","Former Employee","Troy, MI","February 4, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, fun and a great learning experience","A typical day at work is helping customers with their transactions such as deposits, withdrawals, and account reviews I have learned a great deal since I started in June 2014. I learned business banking, and improved my communication skills and customer service as well. I love my co-workers, I really enjoy working with them, that is another reason why I am so happy to go to work everyday The challenging part of the job is having zero difference at the end of every shift The most enjoyable part of the job is having a conversation with customers and co-workers","Teller","Current Employee","Olney, MD","February 3, 2015","5.0"
"Few people and data to do what was needed","chasing down data alone. mortgage industry from various viewpoints. no co-workers really. hardest part was to be able to get data. nothing really to be liked","AVP","Former Employee","Libertyville, IL","February 3, 2015","1.0"
"Good","It was really good working on this company.People were very helpful here and the career growth was great. I absolutely enjoyed working in this company.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Ohio","February 3, 2015","5.0"
"bank","Teller transactions as payments, deposits and withdraws.. Customer Servic Really good enviroment place. In charge of the AT Vault custodia Daily reconciliations. Audits","Back-up Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","February 3, 2015","5.0"
"Good atmosphere, room to advance","Overall good experience at this bank. There are any opportunities to move up if you are willing to work hard. Very good experience with management.","Implementations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2015","4.0"
"*","Not a fan of the hour lunches. Feel like it's a waste of time. Also, feeling like there is no balance between work and life is hard.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 2, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to work but could be better.","The pay is in the lower range of the industry but they treat their employees very well and are very big on the work life balance.","Change Management","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2015","4.0"
"Yes","Installed, Configured and administered WebLogic server 10.3.6 for development, testing and production environment on RHEL6.4 platform. Installed and configured Apache 2.2 with Oracle WebLogic Application server.","WebLogic Administrator","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 2, 2015","4.0"
"Great company","Company provides support and opportunities to all employees. Overall great experience in the private client group. Would recommend this group to all bankers.","AVP - Private Client Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Swarthmore, PA","February 1, 2015","5.0"
"Just another corporation","Being a teller is not mentally challenging, but corporate requirements and training will make you feel like you're an idiot who needs to be told common sense things at least three times a day Have you seen Office Space You will be told the same thing by multiple bosses. You will be ridiculed and penalized for doing non-work things even when there hasn't been anyone at the bank in hours. You will be lectured about how you should be getting more people to sign up for accounts no matter how well you're doing or how implausible the goal. You may work with great people, but you shouldn't think anyone is your friend, no matter how much it seems like this bank is trying to encourage you to have a best friend at work. If you don't have a college degree and don't mind going through the monotony and company grind, there are some opportunities for advancement that may benefit you. Also, your experience may be very different depending on where you work. I visited many different branches in the central Illinois area and your daily experience is largely determined by your co-workers. Some branches are much more laid back and willing to laugh with you, and others will be filled with supervisors who will, at every opportunity, try to repress your individuality and diminish your self-worth.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","February 1, 2015","3.0"
"I was unhappy with everything at this bank","the Management was unprofessional. The guidelines were unclear. The was no help or chance for advancement. I felt alone when I had questions. It seemed that everyone was micro managed so much so that it took the personality of of the employee.","Fincial Sales Consultant - the FSC","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 30, 2015","1.0"
"Productive work envioronment with an excellent moral amongst team members.","A typical days would consist of with the basics which included entering the borrowers' information into the system and then creating a file for each. I reviewed each loan request thoroughly to determine what type of vendor items I would need to order and what documentation I may need from the customer to process their loan application. Additionally, the vendor items I would order would be title policy, flood certification, appraisal, Hazard Insurance, Condo blanket insurance policy. I learned in this business how to adapt to change very quickly as a Lenders' guidelines can change quite often and as a Processor/Credit Analyst it is our responsibility to adhere to the guidelines to ensure we have a sale able credit worthy loan. The hardest part of this job was obtaining cash contributions from the seller for the short sale they were trying to get approved.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 29, 2015","5.0"
"Loved working for the company","Back issues which kept me from efficiently performing excel level.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 29, 2015","3.0"
"It is fun to work in a micro management department","I like this company we treat each other like a family. I learned how to handle different kind of job functions.","Remittance Clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","January 29, 2015","4.0"
" this bank is a good company overall."," this bank is a great company to work for but they need to train their employees on everything, not just opening accounts, if they want their employees to sell their product, they need a class on just that! They expect you to know everything on your own.","Teller","Former Employee","Belleville, MI","January 29, 2015","2.0"
"great place to work","great place to work, great benefits and enjoyed my time there.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Unadilla, GA","January 28, 2015","4.0"
"ok"," this bank did try to appreciate their employees. They even had a week where they did things for the employees. I have no complaints about working here. It was nice to have holidays off. I would recommend this company to someone looking for a job","Lockbox associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 28, 2015","3.0"
"not happy","not happy there, compensation is not worth the amount of work put in, management is not where it should be. Sales goals are required, but if customer service score for branch is low then you lose all the sales you accomplished.","Back up Supervisor","Current Employee","mt vernon, oh","January 27, 2015","1.0"
"Community Involvement","Working at the Flint Housing was the most satisfying roles I have ever had. I learned that people are so underserved and need constant support with a variety of services from life skill to education. I had a great manager who made sure I understood the goals and the expectations of him and the organization.","Vice President - Business Banker II","Current Employee","Tucker, GA","January 27, 2015","5.0"
"Great people and place to work","I am currently in a rotational development program. Management is great and really seems to care about your progress.","Leadership Development Program","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 27, 2015","4.0"
"Very Relaxed Atmosphere","I am very interactive with my co workers in balancing ideas or exchanging product knowledge. I am a very understanding and an excellent communicator. If I'm on the phone my personality relays just as well as if I'm physically in person with that individual. I am a very fast and efficient learner and adjust very well with change and transitioning within the office environment.","Customer Care Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 27, 2015","5.0"
"overall good employee experience","bad management led to very stressful days not enough employees at my particular branch to service the customers adequately lack of employee engagement and ethic makes it stressful","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Cranberry Twp pa","January 26, 2015","5.0"
" this bank Mortgage has a wonderful diverse culture.","The position I held was a call center environment and consisted of making outbound calls and intercepting inbound calls from customers and authorized personnel in order to assist with applying for loss mitigation, discuss loss mitigation options, process mortgage payments, discuss or explain needed documentation, and/or to begin foreclosure proceedings. I learned various databases and strengthened my organization and prioritization skills. I working with management on special projects and assisted with the training of new employees and/or the re-training of seasoned employees. The co-workers are wonderful and are from various life types which I throughly enjoyed. The hardest part of the job was declining modification assistance to customers but the most rewarding part was being able to offer modification assistance.","Loss Mitigation Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 26, 2015","4.0"
"I love working at this bank. Greate company culture.","I love working at this bank. This is a great place to work. The company culture is great. The work life balance is appreciated.","Lead Project Delivery Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 26, 2015","5.0"
"Does not hire contract employees","Can not provide adaquate review as I'm only a temporary employee.","Temporary Contract Paralegal","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 25, 2015","3.0"
"A challenging and rewarding work environment.","An emphasis on teamwork creates the best kind of atmosphere to be productive My ongoing training and testing whether it's courses on the ever changing government regulations or product knowledge provides me the platform to help guide clients in the best possible way to achieve their financial goals. When done right this is mutually beneficial for all, which gives me great satisfaction.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 24, 2015","5.0"
"bad","I was not happy working for this bank unfortunately they promote salesmen to be managers without management growth and that's not righ they need to learn more about management and provide their employees with special training to be a manger","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Centreville, VA","January 23, 2015","1.0"
"CULTURE is good","Good work enviroment to learn areas to sharpen, the leadership role is great!!!"," this bank BANK","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 23, 2015","5.0"
"If you enjoy being told what to do and how to do it, this company is for you!","Benefits package is decent, salary is below industry standard. Great people to work with. Autonomous thinking is not encouraged by management.","Vice President","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 23, 2015","2.0"
"Great appraisl team players","Typical day is knowing how well I was there to help in ever department I can in order to process the loan.. I have learned allot in the appraisal department, I felt really comfortable with all my team mates. Management was great with all the employees.. Days were very easy working with the Vendor. Hardest part was just waiting for a reply from a email..","Contractor","Former Employee","Downer Grove IL","January 22, 2015","5.0"
"Co-workers","Management is not the easiest to work with, the most enjoyable part of the job was the customers.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Purcellville Va","January 21, 2015","3.0"
"customer service","Some days we are very busy with customers and other days not so much. I act as a teller and a customer service rep. Both areas are very demanding. As a teller I would take in cash deposits and also disperse money. I also open accounts, credit cards, and help customers with their existing accounts to make sure that they are in the best account that will make the most money for them.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","McKeesport, PA","January 21, 2015","4.0"
"Do not do it","The only good thing I can say about this bank is that the customers are awesome!!!! Management is out for themselves. They come and go as they feel say whatever they want to say to staff ( even racist things) and are lazy. I was so happy to leave that place to start my internship.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","January 21, 2015","1.0"
"It's a job.","A decent place to work but the management needs to listen to employee concerns more often.","Financial Services Consultant III","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 20, 2015","4.0"
"Energetic and positive work environment","Great place to work.01 Philanthropic opportunities through the Grow Up Great program and many and a positive environment.","Total Rewards","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 20, 2015","5.0"
"Great Work Environment","Helped to resolve customer issues and open new account. I gave recommendations to customer to better their financial situation. Helped customer investment for retirement and have peace of mind for the future.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 20, 2015","5.0"
"Project work, not enough to make an opinion","didn't work here for long. Project work and a bland environment. People rarely talked to eachother, but thats just where I was at. This was the corporate building, not a branch.","IT Migration Technician","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 19, 2015","3.0"
"Enjoyable Place to work, Typical Corpoate Environment"," this bank is a friendly environment and offers a lot of resources to their employees. this bank University offers free training to advance your knowledge of the industry. My experience of management has been a good one. I have a manager that understands work/life balance and is in-tune with our needs as an employee. The most frustrating part of the job is the forever changing decisions of upper management. If there is a process change, it usually comes quick and without explanation.","Supplier Oversight Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2015","4.0"
"Good company to work for.","My job with this bank consisted of dealing with the personnel files for the employees in several markets, such as Pittsburgh. My day was made up of printing the list of new hires that a file needed to be made for. Then I would go into the system that generated the documents that were to go into the file, and file labels were printed. I also would deal with managers that needed to review a file for hiring purposes. I would sit with an employee while they looked over their file when they requested to do so I was given special projects to do as well. I found these to be a good learning tool that helped me with my job. M","HR Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","January 19, 2015","5.0"
"My job was very fulfilling and I was very confident in my abilities.","My management skills were not forceful and I treated my employees with respect. I would not ask them to perform duties that I would not know and perform. I tried to keep a friendly but business like atmosphere in my department. My employees respected me and always gave me an above average rating.","Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 18, 2015","4.0"
"Awesome bank","Great place to work for. A lot of potential for growth. No micro-managing at this place. Freedom to explore your talents","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","January 18, 2015","5.0"
"Fun working place to be","assisted customers with daily transactions, withdraws, transfers","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington Township, NJ","January 17, 2015","5.0"
"Productive work place","I was employed with this bank for close to 13years and during this time, the company was very good to me. I was disappointed that my position was eliminated due to a lay off but I believe that even though this was quite detrimental, there is something better in store for me.","DOCUMENT PROCUREMENT SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 16, 2015","4.0"
"Good Job/Bad Management","The job itself was good with okay benefits and pay. The management wasn't very fair however and you would get in trouble for mistakes you didn't make. It seems like they're moving towards eliminating tellers altogether as a company and a lot of their competitors pay more.","Teller","Former Employee","Uniontown PA","January 16, 2015","2.0"
"Good company to start in banking.","This is a good company to work for and get started in banking.","Financial Service Consultant","Current Employee","North Carolina","January 15, 2015","4.0"
"Very Good","Worked for this company for 3 years, Very good management team at the time.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","January 15, 2015","4.0"
"Challenging yet simple","I love working for this bank, NA. The job is at a steady, productive pace.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2015","5.0"
"Not a good job for me","did not like this job at all. after 90 day trial period both the company and I knew this was not the job for me.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","fort pierce florida","January 14, 2015","1.0"
"Fast pace and fun place to work","A typical day of work at this bank consists of constant Bank transactions which progressively and consistently made me better at my job as a teller. It taught me that i can deal with various and or any type of customer with accuracy patience and kindness. The management at the bank was efficient and fair. My co-workers were great, we helped each other and relied on each other on an hourly basis. The hardest part of the job at this bank was on paydays. I had to efficiently and quickly handle the customers transactions and relate to them, while keeping the length of the line to a minimum in the drive way and in the bank at the same time, which was also the funnest part of my job..","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","January 12, 2015","3.0"
"Enjoyed the teller position","A typical day was learning new skills in the banking institution. Co-workers were an enjoyable team to work with.","Teller","Former Employee","Carbondale, PA","January 12, 2015","5.0"
"Interresting and challenging workplace","Great Company. Always busy and challenged with interesting projects.","SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","January 12, 2015","5.0"
"production and deadline driven environment","Conduct meeting with business sponsors to elicit requirements. Translate the business requirements into User Stories. Met with the development team and QA team to review the requirements to make sure its clearly understood. Assist PM run daily scrums.","Banking","Current Employee","Irving, TX","January 10, 2015","4.0"
"Rewarding in regards to helping the customers but frustrating in regards to quality of life and balancing paperwork with service","Meeting and speaking with a diverse group of people is wonderful. I have learned how to network with people and help people understand how money management affects other areas of their life. Therefore, successful management is necessary. This position allowed me to combine my ability to teach with understanding finance to help people create, meet and exceed their goals. this bank prides itself on its core values but this is a skewed perspective. I have found quality of life is contingent upon the mindset of the manager which determines if this core value is exercised The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the large amounts of paper work, being expected to perform well in sales and being relational with customers without selling unwanted or needed products simultaneously.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 10, 2015","3.0"
"Teller, Carmichaels PA","Worst company I have ever worked for. The turn over rate is astronomical. When I got hired I had no 'hands on' training, was thrown right into the position. The TS at the branch is horrible, mean and arrogant. Not family orientated business what so ever as they make their selfs out to be. Was promised I would be working 30 hours a week, with benefits and vacation time, got none of the above. The first of the year was cut down to 22 hours. No room for advancedment. Would not recommend anyone to work here!","Bank Teller II","Former Employee","Carmichaels, PA","January 8, 2015","1.0"
"Great place to work, awesome people, great job opportunity","It has been a real pleasure working at this bank. I have made a lot of great friends both peers and with management. The learning is pretty much hands on so if you're into that type of working environment this is the place for you. There is so much opportunity with this company, plenty of room to move up and expand.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Rydal, PA","January 8, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to learn and easy to grow within company","Easy to take trascations from customers. Easy environment to learn from. Opening and closing accounts. Helping customers with their everyday money management. Balancing cash drawers at the end of the day.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","manassas, va","January 7, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work","This job was a great place to work. It paid very well, was flexible and the people there were more like family than co-workers.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","January 6, 2015","5.0"
"Production and deadlines","• Extracting checks and remittances from envelopes; verifying that check is negotiable based on customer specific instructions • Keying check amounts through Fidelity Investments system. • Analyzing in data services and keying data entry accounts through RIDS & Fidelity Investments system. • Scanning images of A/R extraction and OCR pre-extraction • Processing checks arriving via UPS, FedEx, DHL, and customer walk ins. • Manually sorting incoming mail in mail bins • Distributing RBC, A/R & OCR mail to the correct departments. • Look up RBC accounts to sort them in the correct mail bins. • Follow the 5-step process to negotiate check by verifying the payee, the written dollar amount, the numeric dollar amount, the MICR line, and restrictive notations. • Scanned and encoded check batches with and without scan lines. • Processing RBC, OCR, and Red work flow payments.","Operations Sr Specialist","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 4, 2015","5.0"
"Upper Management does not care","I worked there as a branch manager and it was the worse place I have worked at in a long time. I was told by some to be aware of the Regional manager and upper management, but I thought maybe they were just an upset employee who quit, but I found out how so true. My boss maybe came to my branch twice in 2 years and was no support. Was cursed out by a disgruntle employee and upper management asked for the employee to come back to work. No Support!!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 4, 2015","2.0"
"na","• Advised customers on banking options that are available to them. • Conducted deposits and cash withdrawals for customers. • Completed daily balance current, cash, and checks in cash drawer. • Supervised teller line, as well as, directly interact with customers on the platform. • Trained new employees on banking policies, procedures, and computer operations. • Coached employees on enhancing their customer service skills in order to maintain banking relations.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","East Orange, NJ","January 4, 2015","3.0"
"Wonderful Place","Great place to work at. The team environment was wonderful. I love my job even though the merge cause a lot of people to lose their job. I would recommend this job to friends and family. I still have friends that are working there and really enjoy the atmosphere and the benefits.","Dispute Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 4, 2015","5.0"
"Productive company"," Very responsible company to work for. Learned a lot and gained knowledge in conducting money transactions; Setting up accounts; Accepting deposits and withdrawals; Processing loan payments; Transferring money between accounts; Cashing checks;","Bank Teller - Account Representative","Former Employee","Ocean City , MD","January 1, 2015","5.0"
" this bank/Teller","This position was one which required minimal experience in the field. This was my first employment with a financial institution. There was also minimal challenge. The job was pleasant as were the customers. Any knowledge that was needed for the position was taught during training out of a training facility for this bank. Previous experience I had likely helped guide me to think this to be a very minimally challenging experience for me, as I had already dealt with customers, handled cash and processed transactions regularly. All in all this was a pleasant experience, but I preferred a bit more of a challenge which is why I resigned to focus more on obtaining my Bachelor's degree more quickly. If the pay were better, I would have likely stayed and tried to progress further in the company, but it was not what I was looking for.","Teller","Former Employee","5350 Johnson Road","December 31, 2014","4.0"
"Professional Workplace","You will meet a wide variety of people from co-workers to clients. If banking is your passion then this could be the place for you.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","December 30, 2014","4.0"
"High Turnover Rate","A typical day at work depends on what area you work in, In the PG county area the branch is always busy and the management was always focused on sales and what could you get from the customers they didn't care about what the customer actually needed or didn't need they just wanted us to sell. The work job life and work life balance was very uncompromising because we worked 8hrs a day Saturday through Monday and Sunday we were open for five hrs as well as certain holidays so only your vacation was a way to get away and actually enjoy some home life. There was never any job security at this bank they looked at you as a liability if you didn't earn them money or if you were costing them money and advancement was chosen by not how hard you work but the major of the advancement I've seen came by favoritism. If there is a turn around in management the job culture would be a lot better because the stress starts small but when the stress builds from the upper class management down it shows throughout the company down to the FSC so this bank as a company needs to work on their management and job culture as a whole. The compensation....WHAT the whole breakdown and system that they have is ridiculous I never was satisfied with my quarterly earnings plus it took to long to receive such antipated income....sorry wasn't good enough for me!! The benefits well you still pay more out your pocket then what they cover so there you go!! It was a interesting experience and I met interesting people but I am blessed to have found somewhere else that cares for me and actually cares about the customer and not the - more...","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Hyattsville, MD","December 30, 2014","3.0"
"The Employee Comes First!","At this bank, your opinions seem to count. There is a great culture of inclusion and respect through weekly district calls, yearly employee surveys, and continuous learning & coaching.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","December 29, 2014","5.0"
"Great Culture, Genuinely Care about clients","I've worked for this bank for years and they are successful by doing what's in our clients best interest. They do not product push and goals are attainable. Culture is fun and you build relationships with co-workers. The only con I have about this bank is their compensation to loyal and long standing team members.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","December 28, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work!","This was my first job. It taught me a lot about work ethic and focus. I became close friends with all of my co-workers and I would go back if I could.","ITEM PROCESSOR","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2014","4.0"
"Going in the right direction.","I honestly can say I love my job. After doing something similar at another large bank, you can tell this bank does things a bit differently. I feel like upper management cares about me, knows my name, and treats me fairly. Everyday I'm home around 5:15 which promotes great work/life balance. I feel like I have enough time to do the work asked of me, and if I have a question I know I can reach out to quite a few people to help The ONE thing I don't like is the training. It's very minimal and inconvenient. I think I could've benefited from more training than just a week, there's a lot to learn! Other than that, this bank is a great place to work.","Teller supervisor","Current Employee","Indiana","December 24, 2014","5.0"
"Productive and was not conflicting with personal life","I loved the atmosphere and the people that I worked with. The only reason that I was not able to stay was because of my school schedule","Senior Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","December 23, 2014","5.0"
"Good work balance","Sustained pressure to meet production targets Learnt to be able direct one self.","Lockbox","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","December 21, 2014","3.0"
"A nice and a professional working place","In a typical working day i had a great team of workers,good supervision by managers.Obviously the hardest part is the end of the day where you balance your cash drawer to prove you had no shortages or overages.The fun aspect is convincing customers to subscribe to a particular product","Bank teller","Current Employee","Paterson, NJ","December 21, 2014","5.0"
"Productive work place.","A typical day at this bank can vary from many things account openings, account closings, debit/credit card transactions, money orders, cashiers checks, international wire transfers. Garda pick-up currency orders. Also a significant amount of cash handling The management at this bank means well. Very well focused on how our numbers look and the money we have coming in and out of the branch. Management at this bank works hard on our team to make us the best of the best but lacks on making us feel like the best. We're always pointed out on our flaws and not so much our strong points. Working for this bank you're never going to be at the top of your game, there is always something you lack on My co-workers at this bank are like a second family we are our own little team and we are always there for one another. We know when to get things done, how to and we know when we can sit back and relax because we know the job is done correctly The hardest part of my career with this bank is getting recognition for the hard work you do day in and day out seven days a week. Working out every unresolved issue and problem with peoples accounts or just giving them a peace of mind on some confusion is hard work knowing everyday you walk in those doors you never know what is going to be brought to your attention or brought to the table The most enjoyable part of my job is seeing a customer walk out of those doors with a smile on their face knowing they can trust me and that they have all there finances in the right hands. Knowing when that customer comes back they are going to be the most loyal customer a business - more...","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","State college, PA","December 20, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","Typical day at work is getting on the phones and helping customers. We would have team meetings and did many cool team related training activities. Training was extensive. 90+ days of training. Bonded well with my co-workers.","Outreach Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 19, 2014","5.0"
"productive","great place to work. the employers care about you as a person.","Teller","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","December 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great for college grads","I started working at this bank when I graduated from college and it was good to learn how to work in a fast pace environment. Now the pay is not great at all but the experience you can not put a price on","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Morrestown, NJ","December 18, 2014","3.0"
"Supervising many direct reports, relationship banking no force selling","Supervising many direct reports, relationship banking no force selling","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","December 17, 2014","5.0"
"Regional Facilitator","I manage new hire employees upon entrance to the company. Complete their I9 and EEV verifications. Training entry level to executives on job various job descriptions. traveling 75% of the time on the east coast","Regional Facilitator","Current Employee","Regional headquarters in Washington Dc","December 16, 2014","2.0"
"Worked my way up","When I started there, I started in lock box as just data entry, but I found that I needed more stimulation and took it upon myself to learn the modules and running the TRP machines, until I finally made work lead in the area. There was no movement upwards, became stuck in the same spot until I moved to Collateral Clerk position.","Collateral Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2014","5.0"
"Good Place To Work"," this bank Mortgage was your typical mortgage environment. It was a place that employed dedicated and hard working individuals. It provided the proper training that you needed to excel in your position. Your managers were also making sure that you needs were met and had high quality communication skills.","Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2014","3.0"
"Nepotism talent need not apply!","I worked out of the operations center. At first they hired me to a good position with promises of work life balance and a cooperative work environment and career growth. Instead I found an environment rife with turmoil, in office back biting, ineffective and abusive leadership. Every time and I do mean every time when the management had an opportunity to show that they believed and stood by the core principals professed by the company... like say every employee matters... they not only showed no empathy to employees but buried them under the excuse 'the companies needs'. Also don't expect to have your ideas and attempts at collaborative teamwork and sharing to be valued. Unless sanctioned by the upper management down you are not to be a high performer as this may reflect poorly on the abilities of other longer tenured employees and in turn hurt how they look. Oh and when doing your job do not do it so well you get recognized by higher ups for your effort! If you are given a plaque, trophy, certificate to hang on the wall try and hide it don't display it even if asked to by that upper management as your tenured co-workers and direct management will begin to make your life miserable and throw you under the bus anytime possible.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2014","1.0"
"Stable work evironment"," this bank is a good company to work for if you are looking for good, stable work that does not ask for much of a commitment above 40 hours. The compensation and benefits leave much to be desired.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work. Lots of training available.","Management was great. Lots of opportunity for continued growth and learning. Co-workers were always willing to lend a helping hand and make the transition to new positions very enjoyable.Each day brought new challenges and growth which made for an enjoyable day.","Business Analyst I","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 14, 2014","5.0"
"fun place to work, great coworkers","Reconcile plan and participant level statements for assigned client retirement plans. Utilize Schwab RT system to enter trades on behalf of retirement plans. Coordinate and process adjustments on individual retirement plans. Collaborate with other internal departments to ensure accuracy of transactions processed. Provide assistance with dividend and fee processing for assigned book of retirement plans.","Trust Operations Support Accountant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed working with public.","Very rewarding, the job , from a customers perspective looks very uncomplicated. It was more complicated than it looked and when your cash drawer balanced out, it was a terrific feeling.","part time","Current Employee","New Castle, DE","December 12, 2014","5.0"
"A Somewhat Challenging IT Culture","Most of the challenge in moving forward or making changes is that the wheels move at a snail's pace, and communication between teams can be non-existent. On the other hand, the people are great, this bank understands its employees have a life outside of work, and there is a lot of flexibility.","SENIOR TECHNOLOGY RISK OFFICER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2014","3.0"
"employee focused, great advancement potential","Supervised, coached, and led employees on collection strategies, monthly department goals, and all performance and regulatory expectations. Provided team(s) and senior managers with various daily and monthly performance reports. Optimized the overall customer experience by conducting frequent side-by-side coaching. Enforced Consumer Default policies, procedures and quality assurance measures.Assisted technology partners in the development and launch of various system and technology implementations.","Consumer Default Operations Supervisor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 11, 2014","5.0"
"Pcg","Working directly with clients and a team of financial specialist to create a personalized financial plan.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Dublin, OH","December 11, 2014","5.0"
"Nice place to work for","Enjoyed this company. The people I worked with and the customers were wonderful. I only left because I thought I was going to a better career choice and opportunity.","Accounts Benefits Advisor - LFSC","Former Employee","Holland, PA","December 11, 2014","5.0"
" this bank...","Working at this bank has many Pros/Cons like any company.. I must say that this company has a lot of 'micromanagement' which can make its employees uncomfortable as well as no flexibility with a work/school/personal life balance.. but they offer a lot of benefits.","Financial Consultant I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great Coworkers, Bad Management","There is opportunity to learn from your coworkers but there is a lack of management assistance to see you move forward in your position.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2014","4.0"
"Teller","Overall great company to work for. Would handle large sums of cash per day, company was great with training.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Huber Heights, OH","December 9, 2014","5.0"
"Good company for upward mobility elsewhere","I worked for this bank Investments for two years. I was a top performer in my area. The bank staff is first class and engaged. Management is only focused on their goals not why or how you achieve them. Pay is well below market average. I never worked as hard for the compensation I earned.","VP Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Florida","December 9, 2014","3.0"
"Team environment, lots to learn, will help in future endeavours.","My typical day at work would include signing on to my computer and catching up on emails, news reports about the company and reviewing company policies and procedures. I've learned that teamwork is the base to all accomplishments and learning everyday makes me a be better employee. The management is encouraging with my daily work and aides where needed. My co-workers are great people, they have been in the banking industry for quite a while, so I can learn from them everyday. The hardest part of the job is taking in all the new information that the bank has to offer. The most enjoyable part of the job is the clients that visit me at the bank, they make my days a lot easier and more enjoyable.","Teller","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","December 9, 2014","4.0"
"Do not work for this bank","Fired because I did not fit in and they were sure to bring up that it was close to my 90 days anyway. I was pt regular.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","December 9, 2014","3.0"
"Great People and Great Enviorment","Open accounts, work on account maintenance, and advised customer on products that would best assist their financial needs. Responsible for maintaining and balancing personal drawer as well as bank vault on a daily basis. Order and verify money to ensure availability for all tellers and customers. Initiate the selling of this bank products to customers and refer them to the appropriate branch profession for further assistance. Process wire-transfers, loan applications and other legal documents such as Power of Attorney documents.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Highland Park, IL","December 7, 2014","4.0"
"Engaging and educational workplace","Client facing interaction in tandem with problem resolution and sales. I've learned more about the financial environment in one year than I have in my entire lifetime thus far. Management is consistent within the company and supportive of your progress. My co-workers are hard working, driven, and fun. The hardest part of the job is troubleshooting; we see new problems every day, and we are expected to learn to solve those on our own. This is also the most enjoyable part of the job and keeps my days from becoming mundane or repetitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 7, 2014","5.0"
"High Turnover","High turnover, aggressive sales culture, not the happiest place to work","Employee","Current Employee","PA","December 6, 2014","2.0"
"Great employee culture"," this bank is a good place to work. Management has always been top quality, they do seem to care about you as a person. The pay could be better. The goal are very difficult to reach.","Part Time - Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Clinton, NJ","December 6, 2014","4.0"
"Very productive line of business","Managed a team of business to business professionals (BDO's) in the at work banking segment across Alabama, Florida Panhandle and Mid Georgia. Job duties included hiring, coaching and developing direct staff in addition to training support mechanism. Supported in field progress through high level presentations and coaching observations.","Vice President - Market Manager Workplace Banking","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","December 5, 2014","3.0"
"Bank","Responsible for the training and coaching the teller staff. Providing outstanding service on a daily basis to our valued customers.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Indiana","December 4, 2014","5.0"
"Overall Great Company","I love helping people - This was a perfect job for my skill set.","Officer Relationship Manager - PCG","Current Employee","Powell, OH","December 3, 2014","5.0"
"great place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank - It is a great place to work and a great place to grow your career. I would recommend this bank to anyone","Market Loan Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","December 2, 2014","5.0"
"Front End Dot Net Developer","8 hours a day. agile methodlogy. team of 14 people. C# AngularJS,ADO.Net,HTML 5,CSS. JAVASCRIPT, JQuery. Good Work Environment. Web based application which was built for Real Estates clients only, where it can enlist the existing profiles of customers. And upon request its history of transactions can be retrieved.","Net Developer","Current Employee","New York, NY","December 1, 2014","5.0"
"Very imformative","Informative, call center, 200 calls a day, sales calls, customer service calls","Customer service","Former Employee","Monroeville, PA","December 1, 2014","5.0"
"Great client team concept promotes difficult internal team dynamics."," this bank's team approach to Wealth Management is a concept that clients like but not necessarily supported by management as it relates to employee compensation, responsibilities, and sales. Unusually high employee and supervisory management turnover makes it difficult to balance existing client experience with sales.","Investment Advisor II","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","December 1, 2014","2.0"
"review","I love working for this bank. However, the only position available at the time was part-time. I need full-time hours.","Customer Service Associate - Part time","Current Employee","Sugarcreek, OH","November 30, 2014","3.0"
"Previous Branch Manager","When RBC and this bank merged we were not given the accurate information to relay to customers. The merger caused good employees to look elsewhere for jobs. this bank states they are all about whats best for the customer but that's NOT true. Its all about whats best for this bank's bottom line. The pay/salaries for employees is sad very sad. The compensation for the low salaries is that employees can earn bonuses on referrals. Well in the more rural areas that is virtually impossible especially when your customers have all your products. Work life balance is funny because this bank has no clue what that is. Management does not help your thrown into doing more then one job teller/financial sales consultant/branch manager job. I have even seen branch managers (my peers) doing the regional managers jobs. Job security is a joke. The upper management will lie to your face about it. They will close branches and your customers will know its closing before the employees do. Co-workers/employees were great and work hours were great. No Saturdays.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Eastern, NC","November 30, 2014","2.0"
" this bank","• Identifying sales opportunities and making referrals to ecosystem partners as appropriate. • Quality customer interactions. • Establishes a foundation of trust with each and every costumer. • Manage the costumer experience for my branch.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Rockville MD","November 30, 2014","5.0"
"Fun place to work","I really felt like this bank cared about me as a person. This is an amazing company to work for and they really do take care of their employees. Compensation isn't as good as it should be but they take their time to train you and they are interested in helping you grow.","Client Service Associate","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","November 29, 2014","4.0"
" this bank","Upbeat team I worked with and great training. I had a motivated team and loved how this bank kept new promotions for customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","November 28, 2014","5.0"
"Smart, reliable, hard working individual.","Arrive a little early to prepare for the day. Great relationships with management and co-workers. Learn something new every day. Most enjoyable part: interacting with co-workers and customers. Most Difficult: keeping track of multiple passwords.","Total Insight Customer Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 28, 2014","4.0"
"nice place bad politics and pay","Its all about who you know. Pay wasn't very well either. Management went through a lot of changes too","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 27, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyed being a part of","love working there. great place to work. fast quick pace. lots of benefits and advancements","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 26, 2014","5.0"
"Good place to work","I highly recommend this place of work. They have competitive wages and decent benefits. I also personally like their products and services.","Teller","Former Employee","Elkhart, IN","November 25, 2014","5.0"
"Challenging and rewarding job","I thoroughly enjoyed working in the bank. I started as a teller and advanced to teller supervisor. I had many responsibilities and worked with many different people. I enjoyed it.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Meadville, PA","November 25, 2014","4.0"
"Terrible experience","I didn't make it past the 8 week training... If you want to call it training It was pretty much a joke. The people training in the 'bull pen' don't even know what they are doing. They claim they want people to be compassionate yet in every phone call there is literally 20 things you must get out or you fail QA. No wonder the turn over rate is ridiculous. This was the worst experience I've ever had at a job.","collector II","Former Employee","miamisburg, Oh","November 23, 2014","1.0"
"Great company with many opportunities for advancement"," this bank is a wonderful company that allows its employees to grow at their own pace. The company fosters a great work/life balance and helps its employees reach their professional goals. this bank brings all different lines of business together to form a cohesive team in the workplace.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Fort Wayne,IN","November 22, 2014","5.0"
"good work place","good people decent management and work life balance i little to micro managed but not bad","Sr Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 21, 2014","4.0"
"Headed in the wrong direction!! and fast!! Turnover is horrible, Everyone is barely hanging on.","Empty promises. Upper Management is a nightmare.. Need big changes. Starts at the top.. HR is not for the employees rather works to get people out for any reason.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Chicago Region","November 20, 2014","1.0"
"If it wasn't for my co-workers I would have quit 5 months ago","Management is inconsistent. Each branch is ran completely different. Part timers are treated less important. As a part timer you have no sick or personal days and no vacation until 1 year. If your child is sick you must have a back up plan, if your back up isn't available you must have a back up plan for that back up plan, otherwise you're screwed I have the best co-workers, if it wasn't for them helping me get through I day I wouldn't have lasted these 6 months. Oh and you're forced to take a mandatory 5 days off in a row and BECAUSE YOU'RE PART TIME it's unpaid!!! So you're forced to take off a week without pay. I don't know about you, but that pretty much screws all of my finances. I am now behind on a lot of stuff because of one week off without pay Hardest part of the job is to follow each policy (which there are a lot) with every customer.","Part-Time Teller","Current Employee","Girard, PA","November 19, 2014","2.0"
"good experince","Working at this bank is good experience for multi-tasking and talking to customers from all walks of life. I learned how to stay organized, and provide excellent customer service. As well, I learned how to help people with their everyday finances.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Warrington, PA","November 19, 2014","3.0"
"Good company","They keep the place fun with contests and events. I am in the credit card department and i am learning many new things and getting information from other departments so i can avoid transferring for the simple questions.","Call center representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, Ohio","November 18, 2014","5.0"
"productive and fun place for work environment","I love my job. I like being around people, my coworkers are great and helpful. Difficult part of my duties is when someone ask me for help I cannot deny, even sometimes I will take my personal time to help someone.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","November 17, 2014","5.0"
"great place","Great place to work for, good benefits and even better coworkers. I cant complain about management either","financial processor II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 17, 2014","4.0"
"Horriable work enviroment","Manger is total nut case! She will stalk you on Facebook and other social networks, get other employees in the branch to find out about your personal life by stalking you as well. She Daily does things to make it horrible to work with her. She constantly bullies her employees into thinking that she has the power to fire you at any given moment, she delegates her work out to all the employees and does basically nothing herself, if you ask her a question she gets angry at you and retaliates by giving you more work to do that she is suppose to be doing. She offers no positive feed back about the work you do only responses with negativity. Upper management has been informed of this and still nothing is done with this woman. Best watch your back if you go to work here! Not just with management but with all employees at branch!","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Rockingham, NC","November 17, 2014","1.0"
"Great place to work!"," this bank is a great place to work. There are plenty of opportunities to move up & around within the company. I have gained a great deal of professional experience starting off in the Collections department & then moving to the Document Attestation department. I have been fortunate to work for & with a great group of people. I would definitely recommend this bank Mortgage/Bank as a great place to work.","Document Attestation Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 16, 2014","5.0"
"Customer Service/Sales Enviroment","Customer Service. Events. Small team. Work on Sundays and Holidays","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","November 15, 2014","3.0"
"Very busy environment which I love. A lot of growth.","Every time there was new technology to learn, new accounts to process, and different ways to process. Fast working environment with incentives was very motivating. Working on weekends was also very beneficial for me.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","November 14, 2014","5.0"
".","Coworkers are very enjoyable and a great place to work if hours of down time is something you enjoy.","Teller","Current Employee","Berea, OH","November 14, 2014","4.0"
"Not a good workplace enviroment","I worked there for 4 years and the company has just gone down hill every single year. They pay a whole lot less than any other bank in town and they ask for the world. Tellers a continuously talked to about selling to customers even when they don't need the products. Upper management is distant and not very involved in what goes on. There is no one to call when you have an issue and advancement within company is virtually impossible. Stay away and look for positions at a smaller bank.","Relationship Manager in Private Client Group","Former Employee","Downtown","November 13, 2014","1.0"
"Great Bank!","I can say that the culture at this bank is one that puts customers first. The customer centered belief model at this bank empowered me to do my job efficiently while providing the proper amount of decision making with the necessary support of upper management. I would recommend this bank as a great company to work for.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","NJ","November 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great overall customer service","This is a great bank to work for. We all had one thing in mind, 'Customer Service' and 'Team Work'","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, OH","November 13, 2014","5.0"
" this bank Job Shadow","I learned a lot about the ins and outs of the marketing department. The employees were very friendly and overall it was a very educational and fun experience."," this bank marketing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2014","5.0"
"A very relaxed culture with very helpful people","I support the Home Equity Partners Channel of the business: training, communications, marketing materials, promotions, and I am the systems administrator for their application entry system. My co-workers are fun and always very willing to help. The hardest part of my job is writing system requirements for regulations. The most enjoyable is supporting the HEP business.","Aquisition Cababilities Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 10, 2014","4.0"
"Very productive work environment","Great location to work in Millburn NJ, working with customers offering bank products and non traditional products was quite the experience.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","November 10, 2014","4.0"
"Branch Manager","Overall I have learned more about Human Sigma and leadership through a Human Sigma lens.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Carol Stream, IL","November 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great Management","Lucky enough to work with some great people but the overall structure of the mortgage business needs work","Team leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 9, 2014","3.0"
"Dead End Job","If you only need a part time job this is great. Pay is not competitive at all.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","November 9, 2014","2.0"
"Good company","It's not a bad company to work for. Employees get treated well. Insurance benefits are average. Salary is a bit lagging. My experience with advancement is difficult within the company, unless your someone's favorite. Even if you have the skillset and experience.","Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 8, 2014","3.0"
"sales driven fast paced","Fast paced environmen sales driven. team environment. must pay attention to detail","Teller","Current Employee","Northampton, PA","November 7, 2014","4.0"
"productive relaxed enviroment","good place to work nice co-workers the hardest part of the job is sitting for long periods of time.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 6, 2014","4.0"
"Resourceful company who sticks to their core values","On a daily basis I get to improve people's lives and careers by assisting them with buyable banking solutions taught to me through a very intensive and accessable training program called this bank University. In my time here, I've already been promoted and received several rewards of excellence. this bank continues to demonstrate the values they advertise both to their clients as well as their work force.","Merchant Services Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati Ohio","November 6, 2014","5.0"
"Serviced clients with their mortgage needs.","Managed a team of sales people who supported the clients needs with mortgage products.","VP Market Manager","Current Employee","White Plains, NY","November 5, 2014","5.0"
"My typical Day at work","Typically when going into work, I'd log into my phone and get to work taking or making calls. Typically we'd get pulled from the phones to be trained or have refresher courses to ensure that we're up to date on all policies both governed and company policies. Co-workers are like family, everyone is really close in my department. The hardest part of the job is not having the room for growth and not being compensated for as much as we know or handle/do on the phones. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers and if you have the right supervisor they do little things to ensure you're happy and comfortable.","Collector II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 4, 2014","3.0"
"Small Company","Great Place To Work. Great Quality Products and your expectations are laid out for you from day 1.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Youngsville, PA","November 4, 2014","3.0"
"Great employees and co workers!","I enjoyed working at this bank very much, it was a fast paced, goal orientented business. They helped me strive for the best. They taught me how to have give great customer service.","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Lebanon, PA","November 3, 2014","5.0"
"Professional and customer/employee friendly work environment","I served as a Bank Teller for this bank. While working there I always felt as though I was in a professional environment that treated customers well and their employees even better.","Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","November 1, 2014","4.0"
"This was a great place to work","I work until work completion. I would come in log onto my encoding machine. receive my batches and encode all work. Manager was very helpful when need. Co- worker were easy to get along with. The hardest part of my job was to find and error in a hurry. Everything was based on key stroks I found the most joy out enting batches with no errors.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","4100 Brookpark Rd","October 30, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","Average benefits and compensation slightly lagging. Great management and culture. Opportunities to grow frequently available.","BUSINESS BANKING SALES","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","October 30, 2014","4.0"
"Customer Service Associate","Identify the financial needs of customers and recommend products and services to meet those needs. Open new accounts refer to FSC when needed. Process and submit credit card, home equity loan, personal loan, line of credit, and auto loan applications. Handle all the duties of the teller role.","Act Certified","Current Employee","Summit, NJ","October 29, 2014","5.0"
".","Productive and fun workplace. I enjoyed working for the company.","Senior AST Associate","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 29, 2014","4.0"
"Equity Methods","• Thoughtfully and strategically, prospected Fortune 1000, 500, and 100 companies through cold & warm phone calls and email in a goal driven environment using Salesforce to effectively communicate company's background, financial software & consulting services to C-Level Finance, Technology, and Human Resources Executive Officers • Intellectually communicated with accountants, consultants, programmers, IT experts, PhDs, and other finance professionals • Strategically cultivated prospecting lists by analyzing various responses to marketing material and current industry trends • Actively participated in peer brainstorming sessions as it relates to sales cycles, marketing material, operational procedures, and product pricing • Engaged in executing marketing efforts. Produced proposals based on RFPs and RFIs using PowerPoint.","Senior Mortgage Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 28, 2014","5.0"
"Provides advancement opportunities","I have been with this bank for 7 years and have many opportunites to advance. It's encouraged to climb up the this bank ladder which I find refreshing in a work place.","Human Resource Service Center Representative","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 28, 2014","5.0"
"Great Company","They are flexiable and awesome to work for great people and great location in jacksonville","Credit Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville fl","October 28, 2014","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Best company to work for. Great stuff, co-worker were great to work with.","Pre-Funding Reviewer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 27, 2014","4.0"
"Enjoyed the banking side","I did learn a lot from this bank, but felt I wanted to grow and the company didn't want to have me grow the way I wanted too.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Tallmadge, OH","October 27, 2014","3.0"
"Excellent Workplace Balance","I love that this bank takes care of their employees. The company is big on workplace balancing. Family is everything to this company.","Bank Teller June","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 26, 2014","5.0"
"Day shift"," this bank Lending Services care about their employees and are fair. They provide employees with continued updated information of new laws and regulations regarding the banking industry. Meetings, team building, one on ones, etc. Promote education, team building and assist in personal growth and development. Also participate in community support, volunteer work for the less fortunate. A fun place to work that offers job security within a corporate environment.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 26, 2014","5.0"
"A Bank","Very pushy with sales, yet the coworkers are great.I learned how to solely manage a bank.","In Store Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","October 26, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyable for the time.","I worked in the card production department before it was outsourced to Omaha. I liked the environment and my co-workers. Most came from different backgrounds and families. It was a good experience. The work was highly detail oriented and time constrained but enjoyable. The department was a family within the this bank family Management was great- They helped when needed and never asked you to accomplish an unobtainable goal. They were in the trenches with you daily I enjoyed making customers happy. At that time debit cards and ATM machines were just blossoming and being able to get a usable card in a few days meant a lot. I was heart-broken when I was told that the division would be closing but they broke the news in time for me to seek out other career avenues.","Plate Production Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2014","4.0"
"productive and fast-paced environment","effectively and efficiently helping business clients with their transactions.","Senior Commercial Teller II","Current Employee","princeton nj","October 23, 2014","5.0"
"fun workplace and full companies","busy workdays , nice management, nice workplace. the work day start 8 to 430 afternoo handle 20 companies","Collateral Loan Analyst","Current Employee","east Brunswick","October 22, 2014","5.0"
"Working as a bank teller","I would get to my job at 8 in the morning and get off at 4 in the afternoon. I would deal with paying the bills, cash the customers checks, withdraw money from accounts, work with cds, help with customers if they need to get to their safety deposit boxes, waited on customers, did reports. I learned how to save money and when it is good to use it and when not to use it. The co-workers were very pleasant. The hardest part of the job was to make sure that everyone go their money right. The most enjoyable part of the job was laughing and communicating with the customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Smyrna, DE","October 22, 2014","3.0"
"Midwestern Bank with Midwest attitude","Accountability and responsibility are passed from one person to the next making it hard to achieve. Even when working on a common project, team members refuse to provide valued information and contribute to success. Mediocrity is valued and is evident by the praise employees get when staying in the same role from year after year causing stagnation, but management does not see it that way. If you wish to excel and achieve look elsewhere. Slow and steady and a mediocre output will get you a promotion.","Recruiter II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 21, 2014","3.0"
"I learnt all what is needed to establish myself as a BA in industry while working with this company....","While initially being at an entry level position i assisted Sr. BA in JAD and JAR sessions, Helped in documenting BRD at high level, also learnt development of FRD through the various stages of SDLC. Over all team mates helped me in learning and establishing myself in IT industry, Hardest part of the job was to understand the business matters..","Business Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","October 21, 2014","4.0"
"First serious job of my life","Working for this bank mortgage was not completely bad. Myself I don't agree with their ethics or upper managements view of those below them. There really wasn't much a person could do to add a novel idea to the company. The hardest part of the job was basically trying to deal with many irate customers and co-workers. The most enjoyable part of the job, at the time, was the pay honestly.","Mail delivery","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 21, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyed working here","This company was very good learning experience it gave me tools that needed to grow in not only as a person but as a co-worker. I enjoyed the people that I worked with and for.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 20, 2014","5.0"
"Great management"," this bank is a well know for their friendly service. I would recommend it to everyone.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","October 20, 2014","4.0"
"Manage department of 4 professionals.","Develop accounting center automation projects with database software. Developed design for user interface requirements and data validation.","IT Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","October 20, 2014","4.0"
"Overall a decent place to work","I felt the this was an overall good place to work but management was constantly changing and that would cause for you to get skipped over for forward advancement.","Corporate Security Services Team","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 19, 2014","3.0"
"Corporate and laid back","Typical day at work - logging on, checking emails, begin assignment. I learned how to be a team player. Management had an open door policy; therefore, accessible. Co-workers --- different personalities and willing to pitch in to help others. The hardest part of the job was keeping up with constant changes in procedures. The most enjoyable part of the day--team meetings and gatherings","Loss Mitigation Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 19, 2014","3.0"
"A great place to learn and grow","I enjoy working for this bank but it is not where I see myself in 10 years. A typical day at work would involve helping customer make deposit, withdrawls, etc. from their accounts. Also, meeting daily goals like opening new checking accounts and generating new leads for loans and investments. One of the main goals I focused on was making sure I was doing what was best for the customer and trying to help them for their future. Management has been helpful in giving me the proper training to do my job well, but for the past year they have not really giving me the opportunity to grow. The hardest part about the job is getting cutomers to sit down and actually listen to what you have to say about helping them with their finances and them not thinking I am trying to sell them something. What I like about my job is the fact that I get to watch my customer make better financial situation and I know will secure them a better future.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Valley Park, MO","October 18, 2014","4.0"
"Energetic team players who made work seem like family life. The culture of this bank was engaging and educational.","Each day I enjoyed greeting our clients like they were family. To watch them leave satisfied and have a positive effect on them was my reward. The hardest part of the job was always the first of the month when people would crowd in to cash their checks and the most enjoyable part of the job was the same first of the month. I loved being able to serve our guests efficiently with accuracy and joy. As well, I enjoyed fitting our customers with the proper product that they could use to increase their checking or savings, retirement, or purchase of a home or car.","Teller II","Former Employee","London, OH","October 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great People Working There","There are great people there. The mortgage industry fluctuates, so there are intermittent layoffs here.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 17, 2014","3.0"
"New in the Triad","I had the same supervisor from prior company. I enjoyed working with my coworkers.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Greensboro, NC","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"productive place to work","provided financial products to meet clients needs. maintained branch operations.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Township of Howell, NJ","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"productive place to work","primary focus every day was to provide clients with financial products to met their needs.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","frnaklin park nj","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"Working for a fun branch","My typical day as teller is taking transactions form customers and helping them uncover needs they didn't know they needed. Being a teller is a great job but these days tellers are not so much needed anymore since ATM's are now the tellers of today's society. So the hardest part of the job is how slow it has become and not knowing what will be bcoming of your job in the future. It helps knowing that I work with amazing people and we have a lot of fun so it helps you get thru the day.","Back Up Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","new jersey","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"Layback workplace","This is a layback job experiance. Good for if you are in school or have another job.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Baltimore, Md","October 15, 2014","3.0"
"A productive and fun place to work.","A typical day at work started with a meeting consisting of management and the team to discuss the day's work of each team member and also discussing any problems or issues that needed to be addressed. Checking my email to see what new offers needed to be processed (emailing, faxing, or mailing offer notices) and the email is checked periodically throughout the day for incoming offers and they were entered immediately into the daily excel spreadsheet. Checking the spreadsheet to see which offers are expiring on that day. Fax machine and email to see if any responses for offers come in overnight. Checking the previous day's work and calling the client's and money managers to get their responses for the offers that would expire on that day. Also, processing the late incoming offers Updating the clients and money manager's data base. Checking with management to make sure all offers are processed correctly. Filing all paperwork. I worked with a great team and I enjoyed the engagement lunches and activities and celebrating the holidays. I would say the hardest part of the job was processing and getting all the responses for a huge offer that had several hundred client's and money managers in time for the expiration date.","Corporate Actions Solicitations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2014","4.0"
" this bank; The job you thought you signed up for","Working for this bank had its ups, but mostly downs. If you want to be a suck up to people who don't appreciate the quality of worker you are then this is the perfect job for you. Teller manager will always be on your back and tell you what you're doing wrong, there's always going to be a sense of favoritism working for a bank. The clients aren't the problem, the problem is internal. Manager can be irresponsible and throw away employees, there is not enough appreciation for employees you will do favors and not get any favors done for you. The most enjoyable part of this job is when you think you're doing everything you're supposed to, up until someone of higher power has an unnecessary biased opinion about your work.","Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","October 14, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","great management. knowledgeable staff. good training program","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","October 13, 2014","4.0"
"People make work enjoyable, while management brings you down.","The benefits are not good as far as health insurance but the compensation is what holds people to stay there working because bills exist and people need to get paid. Management will seek out where your weakness is and play on it until you have a breakdown or you find something else and quit. I would have passed up on this bank Mortgage, if I knew that they didn't care about your work/life balance. There are no goal-oriented goals to achieve in department and you will be worked endlessly to whatever management tells you to do, if you don't bend to them, they will find a temp or someone who for cheaper would do so. Unless you are at wits end in bills or debt, do NOT work here!!","Bankruptcy Specialist II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 13, 2014","3.0"
"This a great company to work for. There is room for advancement throughout the company. The company provides many services such as: EAP, paid vacation","I enjoyed working for this bank Mortgage. They offer plenty of benefits. It is an integrity company that cares about the balance of family and work life. They offer assistance with adoption, school, counseling, etc.","Call Quality Coach","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 13, 2014","4.0"
"Hardest part was getting ahead","Enjoyed the customers. Several years in the same position was very difficult for advancement.","Payroll","Former Employee","Atlantic City, NJ","October 12, 2014","4.0"
"don't keep people very long","they are trying to get rid of people working in the bank. management is awful.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Springfield, OH","October 10, 2014","1.0"
"Out dated","Very outdated computer software. Poor location. Always being sent to other locations to cover for short staff. Sale Sale Sale don't care of client's needs. All around unpleasent.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Wauconda, IL","October 9, 2014","2.0"
"Job Security","-Typical Day consists of opening the branch -Meetings goals -Maintain branch appearance. -Five star Language. -Sales","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Herndon, Va","October 9, 2014","3.0"
"The Company Cares","My Co workers, and Management are amazing. I love Working with the public. The hardest part of my day is getting off too late.","Customer Service Associate II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 8, 2014","5.0"
"Company who cares about he advancement of its employees","Everything skilled that I've learned concerning finances I've learned from working for this bank. This company has allowed me to mature and expand my duties and responsibilities by giving me the opportunity to move from one department to another. My co-workers that I've meet in each department/branch have been instrumental to my financial success. One of the hardest part of the job was leaving co-workers and friends that I've made. My most enjoyable part of my job was showing the employees that they are appreciated by the company.","Cash Logistics Reconcilement Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 8, 2014","4.0"
"Do your job and you'll be fine","The business thrives on customer satisfaction. Employees are held accountable for accuracy and efficiency.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","October 8, 2014","4.0"
"Over worked","I was over worked at this bank. I learned a lot, however there was more work then I was able to keep up with. The management was not very forgiving, nor willing to help. There was only one POC for the work that was being done, so getting answers to questions was very hard.","Technical Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 7, 2014","3.0"
"Good workplace","I've learned so much working at my previous jobs. I learned about how banking works and different ways to approach people. I learned that you can't make everyone happy but there is a way to make them work with you in a way to resolve issues in a good manner.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","hamilton, nj","October 7, 2014","5.0"
"Communication","If you are a person who loves to communicate, this is a great place to work!","Credit Card Senior Coaching Associate","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 7, 2014","5.0"
"typical day","interacting with customers and advising them on what was best for the them.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","October 7, 2014","5.0"
"Great place good co- workers","working there was a pleasure, great staff, stress free job.","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","October 5, 2014","4.0"
"n/a","Working for this company had its con's and pro's just like any other job. I learned a lot and this bank overall is a good company to work for.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","October 4, 2014","3.0"
"Productive","Excellent and Productive, Team player and Good Customer Service.","Administrative Clerk","Former Employee","San Mateo, CA","October 2, 2014","3.0"
"productive and good place to work with good people","A typical day at work was very busy. Learn to work in a team. A good management and good co-workers make the work place very peaceful. The hardest part of the job was Mondays and most enjoyable part was the weekend work.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","October 1, 2014","5.0"
"Being a teller is not for everyone it is a hard position to be in but also enjoyable","My typical day at work was greeting, helping and conducting transactions, helping co-workers with odd transactions and coaching them in their personal goals. As a supervisor I also kept my manager abreast of any situation that arose. I would say that the hardest part of the job especially in a large branch is catching a co-worker up on details that they missed when they were off. The most enjoyable part of the job was watching your co-workers expand and grow and customers Thanking You.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 1, 2014","3.0"
"Productive Company to work for","great day to day job coaching. great management and advancement. products and services are superior","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","October 1, 2014","5.0"
"Something for everyone! You just need to put your best foot forward!","I now work from home. But the previous 15 years I worked in a large department with lots of diversity. I experienced first hand that if you are willing to work hard and take direction it is relatively easy to advance.","Quality Control Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 1, 2014","5.0"
"Decent place to work","Great name in community and nationwide helps drive in business. Employees do a good job of referring clients from within the branches.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 30, 2014","4.0"
"We all take pride in our work","A typical day would be taking calls from our internal and external customers when they had domestica and international wires. I learned different areas like risk, confirming wires with high dollar amounts, verified incoming wires with the correct this bank account number. Management is really great to all of us and I get along really well with all of my coworkers. The hardest part of the job was when we were told on 9/18 that we would no longer have our jobs as of 11/21/14. The most enjoyable part of the job was doing what I do best as a customer service rep and winning employee of the month award.","OPERATIONS FUND TRANS REP I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 30, 2014","4.0"
"Great People","Its a great company... limited product line though... Management was great... It was hard to compete with other banks with a bigger product line though..","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","September 30, 2014","3.0"
"love them","they care about they're employees and also they're members","Teller II","Former Employee","Pontiac, MI","September 30, 2014","5.0"
"overall good workplace","Depends on Management that you are under. Overall good workplace.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","akron, oh","September 29, 2014","4.0"
"Productive but repetitive job","The job is simple to perform. On assigned nights I make parts, or Quality Inspect Parts and sometimes even fill in for the shift supervisor. Job is easy but very repetitive. I have learned a lot in being able to start machines up and do small odd jobs on machines such as performing wire changes and terminal changes and making other adjustments to make sure parts are being made to meet customer requirements and satisfaction.","Alternate Supervisor","Current Employee","Polo, IL","September 29, 2014","3.0"
"Great Culture, direct/local management was great and easy to work for.","As a Business Banking RM role required that you attract, retain and grow new and existing business.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","September 29, 2014","5.0"
"Excellent","Excellent employer to work for. I would recommend this employer to family and friends.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Oakton, VA","September 27, 2014","4.0"
"Productive work place","A typical day consisted of mall coin order and night deposit drops","Teller","Current Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","September 26, 2014","5.0"
"Interactive Workspace with great customers","A typical day at work include me completing various service requests for customers and opening new accounts. I've learned so much about banking in this position. Each day is an adventure and although some co-workers may seem to ruin each day, I have still come to love what I do. The hardest part of my job is to go to my new manager for advice or assistance.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 26, 2014","4.0"
"employees were more like family. We were there to always help one another","Follow safety procedures in opening branch and vault. Welcomed customers with a greeting and a smile. Handled transactions in a timely matter and with accuracy. Kept track of tellers work and make sure they were adhering the cash policies on drawer limits Scheduling tellers for a month at a time. We had a lot of turn overs mostly because of college scheduling issues. That made scheduling the hardest part of the job since we were shorthanded and I had to adhere to proper coverage at all times.My favorite part was going to work everyday and working with our team members but by far it was the customers. If a customer came in with a frown and then they left with a smile...I did my job!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bloomsburg, PA","September 23, 2014","5.0"
"Not a good long term career"," this bank does not care enough for their employees. you are only numbers to them.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Saegertown, PA","September 23, 2014","1.0"
"Productive work place","Everyday is good day, a very busy environment, keying in different things, and learning new systems.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 22, 2014","4.0"
"okay work environment","Is an okay work environment, always depends on branch and management team","Product sales","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","September 22, 2014","3.0"
"Bank job","Begin my day with morning duties regarding setting up my station with the cashbox, logging into the system and preparing my station for the work day. I perform the night deposit duty as well as making a check up on the amount that is in the ATM I service. I then begin to inspect the rest of the branch in order to make sure we are ready for to open and proceed with the day. Once the branch was open i proceeded to either help the tellers process transactions at my own station or proceed with lobby engagement in helping the customers with either helping them write out deposit slips, withdrawal slips or attend any questions or concerns they may have had. I also would cross-sell products that would help improve their financial well being so that they understood everything that the bank had to offer to them so they could fully utilize all the products at their disposal. I was able to learn how to cross sell products while also servicing the customers at the best possible ability while also learning how to engage with them to open up information to helping them better bank with us. The majority of the team was brand new so management was a little lackluster but we have a great manager in our branch who is very helpful and involved in our growth. For the most part the co workers are good to work with though a much more family environment could help run the place smoother. However the most enjoyable part of the day is when we are able to relax and have fun within the bank on slow or fast days as we like to please the customers where they aren't just coming into a bank and being quickly - more...","Platform","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 22, 2014","3.0"
"Good benefits","Hard to advance, no structure, have to get in the door then bounce from job to job to get a head monetarily.","Consumer Credit Officer III","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyable coworkers. Very busy branch office","Standing on your feet helping multiple customers. Management was fair and understanding. The pay was very low for the expectations of the job","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Floyds Knobs, IN","September 20, 2014","4.0"
"nice to work","nice place to work very professional nice area would work here again if pay was better","Teller 2","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 19, 2014","5.0"
"good work life balance","they are a good company. They could pay better. Good people to work with","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","September 18, 2014","3.0"
"Conservative Bank","This is a conservative bank and is the sales goals are too aggressive for the lending environment that they create. This causes a demotivated sales force.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Greenbelt, MD","September 18, 2014","2.0"
"Experienced and learned all the positons in the department","Customer service is busy position with client activity. Listening to problems with accounts or finding the best solution for banking needs. My co workers are friendly and work well as a team The most enjoyable aspect of my position is to assisting customers with making their banking needs easy and have confidence with us. I think the hardest area of my position is not to be able to get lending approval.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Charleston, SC","September 18, 2014","3.0"
"Great company","My overall experience with the company was the best. Everyday was a joy working there. Always learning something new everyday. Being able to work along side of several coworkers who all depended on one another and believed in one another.","Teller I","Former Employee","Lewes, De","September 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to start and grow your career"," this bank does a lot of new grad hiring and then provides a great atmosphere to cultivate that talent over the years. There are many business units where one can find an interesting career.","Special IT Projects Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great Environment for learning about banking and customer service","The day starts by opening up the branch and clearing the premises for other employees enter. After we set up for the day I conduct our morning huddle to discuss goals and commitments for the day. I plan the daily branch activities to attract new customers and to create awareness where our this bank Branch is located. Throughout the day I help train the many new hires we have to navigate through the genesis banking system and customer maintenance service browser while opening up new accounts or servicing existing ones. At the end of the day I arm the security system and close the branch. this bank has an very well planned thorough training program. Customer service was the main focus of all the training (5 star language).","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Oakton, VA","September 17, 2014","5.0"
"Upper management concerns each employee","I start work early morning and end in late afternoon. Help is needed at all times and our management team is productive on helping each and everyone of us.","Accounts Receivable Clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","September 17, 2014","5.0"
"An enjoyable work place with great team work","A typical day would begin with a department meeting to discuss the day's work for each member of the team. Management would share any expectations or changes that they had for the day. Checking the previous day's work to see what needed to be completed for the current day: by making phone calls, checking fax and printer to see what new paperwork came in and begin processing the work. The hardest part of the job was getting client's to give an answer for an stock offer on a timely basis. The most enjoyable part of the job was company reward program for good work. Also, planning different competitions and parties with the other departments.","Corporate Actions Solicitations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 17, 2014","4.0"
"typical day","inbound calls from customers about personal accounts and online banking questions","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","pittsburgh,pa","September 16, 2014","2.0"
"I wonderful place to work.","Thank you, I don't have anything else to say. I am grateful for the opportunity with this bank. I am grateful for the my co-workers. I am grateful for learning new processes.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 16, 2014","5.0"
"Ahhhhh.... this bank","I worked at this bank for almost a year and at 1st it was OK then the true colors came out. I would work 40 plus hrs with no weekends and if i were to ask for a weekend off i was treated with an attitude and then talked about behind my back. Their was always a shortage on staff always breach in the way that the cash was handled in the vault and the cash boxes. It was awful every day that i went to work and the very last day i worked their i worked 10 hr day with no lunch then they pulled me off the line and walked me to the door!!!! I would never advise any one to work their.","Full time teller","Current Employee","Springfield, OH","September 16, 2014","1.0"
"Productive","Logged on to work /underwrote FHA & conventional files. Learned: De received at this bank. Management: delegated managerial duties to me. Co-workers: very supportiv Very Long Hours. Challenging Work Level, and additional assigned duties","De Approved Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","September 16, 2014","4.0"
"typical day for me was busy and constantly learning. Learning a lot about how funds circulate in the Government. Management was very challenging. Co-","A typical day for me was busy and constantly learning. Learning a lot about how funds circulate in the Government. Management was very challenging. Co-workers greet team players, The hardest part of the job was not be able to satisfy customers. The most enjoyable part of the job was being recognize for great job performances.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 16, 2014","3.0"
"Secure positions with chance for advancement.","Typical day is busy, always training. Most enjoyable part of job is helping customers with their need for financial solutions.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","PA","September 15, 2014","4.0"
"Good","It is a nice place to work. The hours are nice and the pay isn't bad. Be ready to meet a wide range of people.","Teller","Former Employee","Bellefontaine, OH","September 15, 2014","4.0"
"Retail World at this bank","I had fun when I worked for this bank. I held multiple positions withing the retail world at this bank and I became to be what I am due to those experiences with this bank. Management overall does a good job leading you and being supportive and creative in how to help you manage your goals. The hardest part of my job was to stay at the branch passed 6:30 PM on mondays for cold calling. It wasn't that bad, but clients get annoyed when you call during that time.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 15, 2014","4.0"
"Small Divsion - Office in Boston","I worked at this bank Wealth Management for 2 years. I enjoyed my Trust Administrator function as well as my EA function. The divsion that employed me was a small boutique with only 8 employees. There was allot of uncertainty within the location. In the years prior to my employment the divsion had cut almost all of its employees. The uncertaity led me to seek outside opportunity.","Executive Assistant to Regional Managing Director","Former Employee","Boston, MA","September 15, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","Good working environment with good values. Management was flexible with scheduling and co-workers made it feel like home.","ATM Teller and Teller I","Former Employee","Warren, MI","September 14, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced work environment with loyal customers","Assisting customers with deposits, payments, withdrawals, savings bonds, account information, address changes, ordering checks, answering account questions, also assisting customers with their needs and helping to point them in the right direction to the person that they need to speak with whether that means they need a banker or they would need a financial adviser or even the mortgage department.","Bank Teller II","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","September 14, 2014","4.0"
"good place to learn new things","engaging in conversation with clients, being able to help people balance out there transactions","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2014","5.0"
"good place to work","Good Environment. Very large environment. Good Management. Very laid back environment.","Virtualization Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 13, 2014","5.0"
"Okay place to work","Normally your days are predictable. Sometimes management pushes for optional surveys to be mandatory.","Officer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, Florida","September 12, 2014","3.0"
"Spare Yourself","I became an employee through a merger. I was with this bank for nearly two years. I have since left to pursue a more professional sales career. While employed at this bank, I was constantly moved around to cover vacancies, thus making it more difficult for me to hit my daily and quarterly goals. This was never accounted for. The pay, in comparison with other financial institutes, is pretty pathetic. With a four year degree and prior sales experience, I was paid right at $30k. (And the benefits were not good, so we used the better benefits from my husband's job.) I went through three managers during this time with about 6 months of no manager. The last manager I ended up with was so HORRIBLE that my husband was going to resign for me had I not found a MUCH better career. this bank expects its bankers to work like a horse to sell products to people who don't even need them, all while claiming to want the best for their customers. If you have a degree, you can do better than this - I am confident in that without even knowing you!","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Opelika, AL","September 11, 2014","2.0"
"productive and the employees are nice","closing and billing loans. how to deal with people in foreclosure. and the foreclosure process","foreclosure","Current Employee","miamisburg oh","September 10, 2014","5.0"
"Very Customer Driven and one of the leaders in the industry"," this bank was a very fast paced and energetic company. A typical work day included inbound calls from insurance agents and customers inquiring about loan status. We would then have a team meeting to review work stats from the day before and set daily goals for ourselves. We would also update the team with any changes within the company/systems. From there we would work directly with underwriters to process loan applications and assure that all the required documents were received. The many tasks that were involved in the loan process included over 52 daily activities for my team.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 10, 2014","4.0"
"fast paced environment","employees and management in the department that I worked were very nice and friendly. I was able to learn several differentt jobs and was promoted within. My supervisor encouraged me to advance.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great Place with Great People","On a typical day at this bank we open the drive thru at 8am after doing Morning procedures. Then on certain days we are busy than others but on non busy days we do side work like fill deposit and withdrawl tickets and go over product Our branch manager is a great guy and can talk to him about pretty much anything. He and my co workers are the best part of the job and certain regulars that come in as well.","Teller","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","September 9, 2014","4.0"
"Initial contract was for 6 months but wound up being 18 months","Co-workers were very helpful with all the program documentation required","Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2014","5.0"
"Great Job in Certain markets","While this job was fantastic for learning and growing it is highly based on location of your branch. If you are at a slower location they create chaos by having you go out and find accounts, but they also short staff those branches so rescheduling events takes place pretty frequently.","Customer Sales Associate","Current Employee","Chicago IL","September 8, 2014","4.0"
"Fun coworkers make all the difference","Bank Teller is a job that is very different than any job I've ever had before. You must maintain a positive attitude, well spoke and knowing your product.","Active Supervisor","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","September 7, 2014","3.0"
"Teller","Every day responsibilities includes taking care of customer interactions and maintaining a presence for the company as a whole, tellers are the usually the first employees customers see and therefore are given the most face time with customers. We talk about accounts to non customers and about opportunities to existing customer to see if we can get more benefits. Overall satisfaction is positive, management for the most part is nice, co-workers care about each other as more then just co workers, the job itself is not very difficult, and you get to meet people all the time. If you are just out of college and need a relatively steady job while you are looking for a career opportunity, or you wish to make banking your career this is a good place to start.","Teller","Current Employee","Whitehouse Station, NJ","September 7, 2014","4.0"
"A good place to work","Job was not hard just management was not fair. A typical day was fast paced. Co workers were pretty easy to work with and finding easier ways to do things was really enjoyable, it gave me a chance to get more knowledgeable.","Team Leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2014","3.0"
"sad","There is no point in trying to achieve greatest here as it is as political as Washington D.C Either you are the chosen one or a grunt.","wealth","Current Employee","indianapolis, in","September 5, 2014","1.0"
"Wealth Management and Private Banking factions","If you enjoy figjting internally over a deal, having to cut yourself out of getting full credit for bringing in a piece of business in to make everyone's score card nice and pretty, tolerate obvious favortism of management for certain co-workers and have human reaources ignore interviewing employees who support your case, this the place for you. If you exceed your goals on paper, local management will make excuses that YOU cannot clearly have a full bonsus as those who did not make their goals deserve 'something'. People have been forced out the door for perceptions of management but who did great jobs. Fighting back makes you the problem. Do not respond to 'how can we help you be more productive' as a sincere response comes back to haunt you. The last manager brought no business in but ruled like a slave driver in ruling by fear.The current one brings business in but only lets certain people in on the deal. If you need to shine do not come here unless you want to shine shoes. When you are measured by metrics and management abandons you, you are done.","wealth","Current Employee","indianapolis, in","September 5, 2014","1.0"
"one of the good work place environment"," this bank is one of the very good workplace. The management and team is very cooperative and helpful.","Financial Consultant III","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","September 5, 2014","4.0"
"processed transactions for clients","processed transactions, money counting. opening closing procedures. Notary, and balancing","TELLER","Former Employee","Florence, KY","September 5, 2014","5.0"
"Productive good enviroment to work","Clerical work, I have learned attorney docs how to foreclose on some ones home, loan processor, co-workers were wonderful people. The hardest part of my job was being laid off, I enjoyed the most was the great group of people that I shared my eight hours a day with.","Attorney Doc Retention","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 4, 2014","3.0"
"Decent Place to work","The work life balance is pretty good, but pay is well below average.","Multi Family Real Estate Underwriter I","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 4, 2014","4.0"
"Horrible branch to work for","The people at this branch are awful to work for, very few believe in teamwork. As a former employee I am glad I left.","Teller","Former Employee","Saegertown, PA","September 4, 2014","1.0"
"Terrible Management"," this bank is a great company but the Lexington region is broken. It is basically a dictatorship that runs counter to what the company wants. It will get fixed eventually but not until regional management is replaced.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","September 3, 2014","3.0"
"Fun workplace environment, good team","Very laid back environment yet dedicated to be the best we can be. Teamwork is a big and successful part of this job. Rewarding job when clients begin to trust you and understand that you want to advise them onto the right path.","Teller","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 3, 2014","4.0"
"Worst placed to work","This company was the worst that I worked for, the company has bad management","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","September 3, 2014","1.0"
"Working inside of Giant was a different experience."," this bank was when I was able to branch off and begin the journey of a personal banker. Which gave me independence and I learned a lot of time management. Basically working as your own manager was the highlight was my career. Working in Giant didn't give you the same banking environment as a traditional bank. I helped most of my co workers since I was very knowable and I enjoyed them all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","September 3, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","Long hours, Lot of work, unusual hours of operation. I work at operations department so 3 different shifts","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 2, 2014","4.0"
"Over all not a horrible place to work","Over worked and underpaid for job duties and assignments. No room for advancement.","Sr. Investigator - Financial Intelligence Unit","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 2, 2014","2.0"
"Working at this bank","While working here I have had the opportunity to not only grow within my career but also with my personality. I have enjoyed all of the opportunites and the team environment I work in on a day to day basis.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Indiana, PA","September 2, 2014","4.0"
"Excellent Customer Serviced","*Sales leader in the branch. Lobby Management: *Coaching one-on-ones and assist in coaching staff weekly. *Loan officer. Works closely with Consumer and business Partners - Business Banker, Wealth Management,Investment Services, Merchant Services: *Review branch reporting weekly. *Assist when branch manager is absent. *Handle conference calls with upper management regarding sales & development. Assist keeping the team on top on referrals, sales & profitability: *Perform monthly audit: *Training programs – certified mentor. *Administrative duties. *Work closely with branch manager – growing P & L and households for the branch","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","September 1, 2014","4.0"
"A nice place to work.","A nice branch with older customers..Co-workers very helpful..great training program. nice management, I learned a lot about loans","Customer Service Administrator","Former Employee","Novi, MI","September 1, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work!","I am a branch manager for this bank. I love my job and love this bank!","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Naples, FL","August 30, 2014","5.0"
"Good"," this bank has been a good company to work for so far in my short time there.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Homer Glen, IL","August 27, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed the casual environment. They have great values but they are beginning to be too micromanaged.","I worked in foreclosure and learned a lot about the foreclosure process. I enjoyed my position and enjoyed working for the company itself. At one time management was fair but they are becoming more micromanaged and I don't care for that. this bank is a good company to work for. The problem is with their management teams.","Foreclosure Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 26, 2014","4.0"
"My overall experience is great."," this bank is great bank and I really love the culture and atmosphere and my team.","Bank Senior Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","West Harrison, NY","August 26, 2014","5.0"
"Challenging and fast paced operations environment","Service high volume and activity driven commercial loan portfolios. I enjoy working in a team oriented department. The complexity and volumes have significantly enhanced my skills in multitasking, prioritization and organization!","Commercial Loans Operation Supervisor I","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 25, 2014","3.0"
"New Business Development","Given opportunity to advance my sales skills in Wealth Management and Estate Planning. Enjoyed working with seasoned professionals.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","August 25, 2014","4.0"
"Performed withdrawal and deposits for customers'. Offering bank products when beneficial for customer.","Accepted retail and commercial deposits. Balanced foreign currency. Promoted bank's products and services.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 25, 2014","3.0"
"Low pay, terrible management","I wish I could say I had a great experience here, the pay is so low, others continually left to go to other banks because the pay is higher virtually everywhere. Management was terrible, possibly just my Branch I don't know.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2014","3.0"
"Compensation does not equal duties","My experience is that they can not seem to keep quality people because they do not compensate them enough. People are frequently moving around or leaving and they leave people thinned out without urgency to staff The job itself is very easy but there is A LOT to remember so theft or fraud does not happen, a lot of pressure.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 22, 2014","3.0"
"Teller/Banker","I started working as part time traveling teller but fast moved into regular full time teller and then financial sales. its great company with great advancement opportunities and great co-workers.","Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2014","5.0"
"community involvement","You know that feeling when the alarm clocks goes off and your like, ups!, gotta go to work. Well this work life was like refreshing every morning, willing and ready to get work started. Everyone comes to work with positive attitudes and we get straight to learning what's new, what goals are set for the day and what products do we sale today. Management was on point, we all had a share in lobby management. The hardest part about the job when you really mediate on it, would be trying to dislike my job, lol no but, to work around those who doesn't take their job seriously. The best part about my job was to learn new things everyday or every second of the day, to actually help those who need help, I loved building relationships with my customers as well as co-workers, just learning new things everyday was an enjoyment.","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 22, 2014","4.0"
"Excellent leadership and good products","In despite to be new in the South Florida Market. this bank is active in the lending arena, in despite of not providing loans for international buyers which most of the banks are not.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Plantation, Fl","August 22, 2014","5.0"
"Customer Service","• Cash Handling. • Opened accounts to consumers best needs. • Controlled several branch operations. • Greet Customers and also assist them with ATM transactions","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 20, 2014","4.0"
"Productivity is important","Busy day everyday process check balancing, etc. Great people to work with.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","August 19, 2014","3.0"
"on site Loan Officer","Loan officer, take application talk to customer, price loans","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","August 18, 2014","3.0"
"The best company","Overall this company is great. The employee relations, customer care, job security and advancement are phenomenal.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 16, 2014","5.0"
"Underpayment for services rendered","A typical day included assisting 9 bank branches with their mortgage clients. I had to travel everyday to 4 out of 5 branches daily. Taking applications only occurred after conducting a needs analysis/interview with the client. I had to review what situation the client was in and determine their needs. If a client was looking for a prequalification certificate this was taken care of accordingly. I loved my position as this point of contact for my branches but the compensation was a major issue. Our operations team had its challenges and was undergoing renovations so it took its toll on our efforts. The most difficult part of this position is not having a voice within the company and essentially being asked for more and more business and not successfully closing the current business. I had excellent relationships with my branch partners because I made sure I communicated daily with them and reported updates. I definitely enjoyed the position and the people. The compensation is not where it needs to be for the amount of work that is given.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","August 15, 2014","2.0"
"Constant Change","This bank is exciting and ever growing. My compliance foundation was built with this company, and its a pretty solid foundation.","Compliance Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2014","4.0"
"nice place to work","nice friendly people always learning new things staff very informatative","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2014","2.0"
"I am a teller/customer service assoiate. There is no such thing as a typical day. I can be a teller or open new accounts and put loans on.","A customer service associate at this bank is a true multi=tasker. There is no such thing as a typical day. I can be a teller one minute and next I am at the desk putting a loan application on for a customer. We have objectives and goals that we have to meet.","Teller to CSA","Current Employee","700 Beulah Road Turtle Creek, Pa 15145","August 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great Management","Assist customers with deposits, withdrawals, and payments. Answer telephone assist customers with problems or questions concerning accounts.","Assist Customers","Current Employee","muskegon mi","August 12, 2014","3.0"
"productive fun place to work where we form relationships with customers","productive fun place to work where we form relationships with customers. We do not just process a transaction we speak to the customers help them feel comfortable and let them know that anything that occurs in there financial life we are here to help and show them everything they need and want to know","Floating Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 12, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work with solid benefits, lots of opportunity, and a fast paced yet family friendly work environment.","Integration Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2014","5.0"
"Convenient place to work","They were very flexible with my school hours. Everyone was nice and easy to get along with. I learned more into the banking system. The hardest part about the job was counting at the end of shifts and the best part was the interactions with customers and employees.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 11, 2014","5.0"
"Overall good company to work for","A typical day in the branch involved mainly assisting customers with their financial needs and the tellers with processing questions or handling customer complaints In my time with the company I learned a lot about managing a staff and the balance between my own responsibilities and theirs I am very much a people person and found the importance of understanding your employees on a personal level and not just professional to be great I specialized in Audit preparation and getting the staff and branch ready for an annual internal audit I most enjoyed helping the staff overcome obstacles and helping them understand how to do it in the future on their own. I received a lot of personal fulfillment watching the staff grow and move on to higher positions whether they be with the bank or outside of the company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 11, 2014","4.0"
"Great company to work for.","Like most banks the environment is sales driven, but if you can handle that, then this company is great. Your goals are set clearly for you and your team so there is no confusion and it's very easy to get in contact with higher-ups if you ever needed to contact them.","TELLER","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","August 11, 2014","5.0"
"N/a","My day consists of taking inbound phone calls about customers bank accounts. While on this call I must find something to sell the customer or attempt to sell what the system prompts me to sell. My coworkers are great. the job itself is not very fulfilling which is the hardest part of working for this bank.","Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 11, 2014","2.0"
"Data entry for certification of accounts","I certify new accounts coming into the bank from all this bank branch locations around the USA. I work with OFAC on all foreign customers coming into the USA opening bank accounts to assure they have all the proper i.d. that is required by government policies.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","500 First Avenue Pittsburgh PA","August 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great repore with cusotmers and coworkers.","Process transactions for clients and learn about their financial situations as well as their personal life. My managers and peers coach each other throughout the day on ways to better the experience for our clients. My coworkers and I have good communication between us and we can go to each other for pretty much anything. I love the environment I'm in at this bank because I feel comfortable and clients really enjoy coming in and talking with us. The hardest part for me is getting referrals in for our products.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Antioch, IL","August 10, 2014","5.0"
"Productive, diversified workforce and teamwork","I believe the introduction of the this bank Conversation has put this bank on another level. This makes it easy to communicate, uncover customer needs and to cross sell.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Haledon, NJ","August 7, 2014","4.0"
"Productive","Great staff team, opportunity of advancement, fair rules and regulations,","TELLER","Current Employee","Yardville, NJ","August 6, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced work environment with good people","Pay isn't the greatest here and there are constant changes. But there has always been good people.","Wire Investigation - Customer Service Rep II","Current Employee","Philadelphia PA","August 6, 2014","4.0"
"High pace , highly responsible , goal oriented environment","Opening a branch daily with everyday quick start meeting with staff going over previous day success ,correction , policies and expectation Managing a day to day operation of the branch. Creating a comfortable place for employees to work and customers to receive expected service. Help staff deliver expected goal set by the company . Hardest part of the job for me was finding the right people for the job. Having positions open for more than 6 months. The most enjoyable part of my job was being recognized for job well done. training others and to being a mentor.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Spotswood, NJ","August 6, 2014","4.0"
"productive and great experience","I truly enjoyed my time of employment with this bankGIS and learned a tremendous amount of things about working in the Global industry from a market perspective.","Global Administrator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 5, 2014","5.0"
"Good Company","Work with three trading products and all the necessary work for all customers under those products.","AVP","Current Employee","Pgh, PA","August 5, 2014","3.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work with a continued emphasis on employee engagement and career advancement.","Manager II","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 4, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and fun work place","Go to work every morning on time always with a smile , prepare for everyday work . I had a great experience working in the bank and dealing with people and helping them with their needs . My co-workers was very pleasant and nice . we used to work as a team .. Our supervisor was very pleasant and helpful to everyone . the hardest part of my job when the bank is busy , but all of us used to handle these kind of stress in a pleasant smiley face to all customers.. And the most enjoyable part is when you see the customers happy with your service you gave them and thank you at the end .. My enjoyable time also is I do achieve my goal for the month for opening saving / checking accounts ..","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 2, 2014","5.0"
"Advancement opportunities available","On a typical day at work, as a teller, will be processing customer's transactions, resolving customer issues and requests, and anything you cannot resolve you escalate it to the platform representatives. As a teller in this bank I have learned that as long as you do your job well and right at all times and go far and beyond what is expected of you, you can advance fairly quickly within this bank as long as you have the drive and will to move forward and better yourself. Management is there to help you move forward when needed, helps you answer questions that you may have, and much more. My co-workers are the best, we work well together and get things done effectively and efficiently. The hardest part of this job is making sure to balance to the penny at the end of the day, to make your goals on the daily basis which is 1.5% of the transactions you make a day, and to always give your 100 percent customer service to all and every client and non-client that walks through that door. All in all, I enjoy my job and the people I work with; however, I personally have outgrown this job field and is seeking a different career path.","Full-Time Teller & ATM Custodian","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","July 31, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","Fun, fast-paced, friendly environment for anyone. Everyone from management on down is very helpful and resourceful.","Teller","Current Employee","Saint Charles, MO","July 31, 2014","5.0"
" this bank Summary","• Teller and Customer Service Training. • Completed the process of counting the money, reconciling the receipts and balancing the register on a daily basis. • Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies. • Educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company's mission and values. • Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including follow ups with custome • Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays. • Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lavallette, NJ","July 30, 2014","5.0"
"Risk job","Is a very complicate job, you have to be aware of so many things around you, I learned to be proactive, pushing, listen to people. I love to help my clients to meet their goals. see how my recommendations or attitude help them in their life.","Sales Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 30, 2014","5.0"
" this bank is a good company to work for.","I worked in the Lyndhurst Branch. Management and employees were both knowledgeable and helpful. The company has a wonderful culture of caring for both employees and customers.I looked forward to going to work daily because of my co-workers and clients. The people in my branch worked very well together, a great TEAM.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT III","Former Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","July 30, 2014","4.0"
"I worked here and it was extremely disappointing!!!","First of all, the hours I was hired to work was not what I was given once I started. Also, the teller supervisor either ignored my questions or pretended not to hear me or was annoyed when I asked for help. It was very confusing due to the fact that everyone that worked here had a different way of doing the job therefore I never understood what was correct and what was not. Don't work here.","part time teller","Former Employee","Blakeslee, PA","July 29, 2014","2.0"
"Productive and Team Oriented Enviornment","Some of my daily responsibilities include providing information to help internal service partners with regulatory, system, product and policy disputes related to retirement accounts. Train peers on department procedures, IRS regulations, legal documentation requirements, products, features, benefits, software, and information systems. Also, organize and prepare original documents for retention and storage and fulfilling document requests as well as quality controlling documents for completeness.","Retirement Services Operations Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2014","3.0"
"Terrible Management","The management would implement goals that were unrealistic due to ALWAYS being short staffed! Once, we surpassed our goal for checking accounts causing the region to exceed their goal and the regional manager said since it was student accounts it would not be profitable accounts; instead of praising us for our hard work! this bank as a company looks at each employee as a number. You are not a valued person and even when you go over and beyond sacrificing time with your family it will not be recognized or even appreciated. this bank does initially make you think your opinion counts due to employee surveys, but if you don't give your branch or manager good scores you are punished. If you are thinking about working with this company DON'T! You will be happier somewhere else!!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 28, 2014","2.0"
"awesome motivational workplace","manangers always checked on me to make sure I was comfortable in my job abilities and had everything I need to be successful","Teller","Former Employee","Bedford, OH","July 27, 2014","4.0"
"Management is more concerned with quanity rather than quality","Compensation is better than other jobs I have had, however management does not clearly communicate expectations nor do they seem concerned about employees.","Investigations","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 26, 2014","3.0"
" this bank","I worked in a lockbox at this bank. We had several daily deadlines that we tried to meet with proficiency and accuracy. I learned to see how the way I did my job affected the rest of my department. My co workers were efficient and I developed some valuable friendships while I worked for this bank which I will have the rest of my life. Hardest part of the job was when management would not allow me to stay past my shift to help the other shifts. I know that there was a budget to be watched, but I thought getting work processed was more important because it effected the customers' finances. Most enjoyable part of my job was completing my work and helping the other shifts keep up with their work. What did I think of management? I realize the office manager had to do what the corporate managers told them to do, but I believe corporate was too concerned with this bank's profits and not enough about meeting the customer's needs. They seem to have forgotten that if enough customers got disgusted and left this bank, the bank would start losing business and their profits would go down.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 25, 2014","4.0"
"Learning/Growing and Engagement","Everyday we have the opportunities to learn and grow our own career path. One of the main goals that we look to accomplish is to create engagement with our employees which makes for a better working environment.","Training Facilitator","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 24, 2014","4.0"
"Able to Move up","A great place to learn and grow as an employee as well as a person.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 24, 2014","5.0"
"Terrible management","Management did not finish the jobs assigned to them. Then the whole branch suffers. Unrealistic goals. High stress low pay.","Loan Originator","Current Employee","Shippenville, PA","July 23, 2014","2.0"
"Great coaching and support"," this bank is a great company to work for. Their commitment to coaching and training is truly outstanding! I loved working in different areas of the branch and being utilized anywhere I was needed. You truly have to have a passion for customer service when working there, and of course like any other banking position, thick skin because you are working with our customers money. You need to be able to say NO or tell them why their account is over drawn, or say why their loan was not approved. this bank is known for being the most conservative banks around, but I was a very proud member of this bank and will always be thankful for my time there! I learned a great deal, and had an awesome experience. Banking is fun, and it's all about the kinds of conversations you have with the customers to uncover their needs.","Full time teller","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","July 23, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work at just low pay","I love working for this bank, just wish the pay rate was better. Much lower when compared to other retail banks.","Retail banking teller","Current Employee","Manassas, VA","July 22, 2014","5.0"
"good company","took inbound calls to enroll customer in annually benefits for different companys.","benefits enrollment specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 21, 2014","3.0"
"Worst mortgage position I've ever had","Unfortunately, there is little positive I have to say about my experience as a Sr. Loan Officer at this bank Mortgage. Getting loans processed, underwritten and closed in a timely manner did not seem to be high on the priority list at this bank. Processors would not respond to voice mails and emails for days. Clients were left hanging with no information about the status of loans. Loans did not close on time. There's more, but suffice it to say that I would not recommend working at this bank for anyone who wants to be in the mortgage business long term (keeping commitments is a primary job for longevity as a loan officer and the support at this bank was almost non-existent).","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Spring, TX","July 21, 2014","1.0"
"Great place to work","Assisted customers with financial transactions. While at this bank, I learned many different things about the financial realm. The hardest part of the job was dealing with irate customers. The most enjoyable part of the job was developing relationships with customers and coworkers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","July 20, 2014","4.0"
"Very kind and understanding people to work fot.","I like going to work each day always a new challenge and things where very pleasant there.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 20, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work and good benefits","Process customer transactions related to deposits, loan payments, withdrawals, and account transfers. Provide excellent customer service Backed-up the teller supervisor when necessary to manage the branch cash vault Enjoyed working as part of team where opinions were acknowledged and sometimes implemented The hardest part of the job is providing excellent customer service to challenging customers. While challenging, it always helps to sharpen my skill set.","Teller","Current Employee","Edwardsville, IL","July 18, 2014","5.0"
"Good Place to work","I have been in Data Control Process up to the day I have to relocate in 2012 I have learn new work in Data Control as there have been several changes. I took every opportunity to learn what was giving to me. Maintained accounting systems utilized for foreign and domestic securities trading. Management- door was always open for any concerns and issues. co-workers- I can get along and work well with others. hardest part- of the job is time getting trades ticket out in a timely manner. I enjoy most able Data Control that we was a small department that we got the job done.","Data Control Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia,pa","July 17, 2014","3.0"
"Financial sales consultant","Responsible for opening new accounts, loans, helping customers establish new lines of credit, along with providing excellent customer service to existing and future clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 17, 2014","4.0"
"co-workers","We have a great team. Everything is done wright the first time, customers are satisfied and sales goals are met do to the team work.","customer service","Current Employee","Palos Hills, IL","July 17, 2014","4.0"
"good place","fun busy and always something to do. customer service is a must for this pwostion","Teller","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","July 17, 2014","5.0"
"Wonderful work environment","Worked mostly independently; focused on preparing and filing documents. Loved to work with computers. My favorite part of the job was giving out paychecks to employees and seeing them smile!","Document Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 17, 2014","4.0"
"No chance of full time teller work at this bank."," this bank is trying to do away with tellers. The opening positions are all part-time. They encourage ATM and mobile deposits. They want employees to do teller and platform work at below average teller salary.","Teller","Former Employee","MD","July 17, 2014","3.0"
"Call center environment, very busy phone lines, management is available for serious calls, great benefits, employee oriented.","Although I feel the pay grades were not very high, I felt this bank was very employee oriented otherwise. They are also very customer oriented, which is helpful if you are working in customer service. If you work hard and meet goals, you can increase your wages. There are opportunities to move into other areas of the call center. After one year, you can apply to other areas within the entire bank.","Wealth Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 16, 2014","4.0"
"Productive work place","• 7+ years of dynamic experience in Information Technology involving analysis, design and integration of Datawarehouses using ETL, Data Warehousing tools and Web applications. • Extensive experience in analysis, design, development, testing and maintenance of ETL using Informatica PowerCenter 8.x/9.x","ETL Technical LEad","Current Employee","OH","July 16, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work and learn about building a business","*Every morning i hold a daily quick start meeting to establish daily goals/plans. *I learned how to increase profits for a business, since this bank holds each branch accountable for their profit and loss. *Daily observations and coaching sessions to increase employee success and develop growth. *Managed five highly motivated employees. *Hardest part of job was scheduling employees time to make sure no overtime was needed. *The most enjoyable part of my job is having my employees reach their goals and be successful.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Irondale, AL","July 15, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and Great working environment","I enjoy working for this bank. It is a competitive and rewarding place to work. I really enjoy the people I work for and with.","Universal banking consultant","Current Employee","Collinsville, IL","July 15, 2014","5.0"
"Thank you for the past 5 years","I was there for 5 years and then they just let me got for one small issue.","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","sterling va","July 14, 2014","1.0"
"Great organization to get solid recruiting background experience","Fast paced environment. Professional. Great support functions to Talent Management team. Technology focused. Enjoyed working with the managers I supported.","Recruiter Lending Services","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 14, 2014","4.0"
"A place with many oportunities","A typical day on the job is answering branch and cusotmer calls. I have learned many skills working with this bank such as time mangament and how to deal customers and to create the best options for them.","Retirement Services Phone Consultant","Current Employee","pittsburgh, pa","July 14, 2014","4.0"
"N/a","Very friendly and diverse place. I have learned a lot of things working here.","Switcher","Current Employee","Newark, DE","July 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great organization to begin and build a career"," this bank has been an overall positive organization to grow and learn the banking business. Top notch training and development programs and hands on career management.","Healthcare Account Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2014","4.0"
"Wonderful company to work for."," this bank was a great place to work and I was laid off and would go back in a heartbeat! Great people, benefits and salary.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, I love my job. I love working with customers and my staff is a excellent team.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","naperville il","July 12, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","I really enjoyed my time at this bank, I learned a lot met some great people.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","July 11, 2014","4.0"
"Nice work environment, good location company over all is a good company","typical work day 8 to 5 pm loved the hours no weekends, nice clean environment , professional, co-worker were friendly.","Document Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 10, 2014","4.0"
"My experience","I loved working for this bank because they actually care about the customers needs as well as the employees needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","July 10, 2014","5.0"
"Customer focused","Work with great people, Believe that if the customer has a great experence that will lead to more of their business. Great work life balanc hard part is apologizing for something you did not do, I understand that employees represent the company.","Acting Branch Manager","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","July 9, 2014","4.0"
"It's not as good as people say in Pittsburgh","Very challenging sales goals with a very stubborn way to approach clients. You not only compete against other banks for the business but also have to fight Internally to be competitive Very challenging to get things done.","Vice President","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","July 8, 2014","2.0"
"Worst Job Ever","By far the worst bank I have ever worked for, and the worst job I have ever had. The management in the southeast is ignorant to the market place and they are way under qualified for their positions. The emphasis on checking accounts is pathetic and they do not provide incentives for the amount they stress them. If you want to go to Wal-Mart to beg people for checking accounts, this is your place. Otherwise, work somewhere else. The only reason I worked here as long as I did was because of the people I worked with. We all hated our jobs together.","Financial Service Representative","Former Employee","Mountain Brook, AL","July 8, 2014","1.0"
"Na","Very enjoyable company to work for but the mortgage business has too many ups and downs","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 8, 2014","4.0"
"Great work environment","I loved working their because the environment and co workers were amazing","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 7, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","A typical day at this bank is being in a very fast paced, productive environment.","R Advantage Supervisor I","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 7, 2014","5.0"
"Productivity","I find that this job was very accommodating to the needs that I needed and understanding when everyday thing came up they were flexible about it.","loan Specialist","Former Employee","Consumer loan center","July 7, 2014","5.0"
"More customer focused","Not very employee conscious. Willing to displace employees for anything. No job security.","Part-Time Customer Service Sales Associate","Current Employee","Springfield, PA","July 6, 2014","2.0"
"Excellent place to learn about the banking industry","Typical day is speaking with customers about their banking needs. Excellent training and support.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2014","5.0"
"Aggressive Sales and Relationship Management"," this bank to me is the best bank to work for in the banking industry. Over the course of the past decade, sales has becoming more and more aggressive to interest and convince clients that their bank is the best. At this bank, you are the best because we tailor a conversation specific to get information form the client and have them talk about themselves. As a Relationship Manager, we use what they told us and fit them into the correct products and solutions. this bank is aggressive but in a different way as they show they care for the relationship over just the sale. The sale means that person will get their Credit Card, Home Equity, Mortgage, Car loans from a different bank rather from the person from this bank who is already discussing this with the clients. A highly recommended company to work and gain experience in the industry.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","July 6, 2014","5.0"
"Diverse and dynamic working environment for a developing financial company"," this bank is a robust and advancing competitor in the finance industry. It was recognized as an employee-centric company by many standards. However, actual workers there may believe otherwise. This fast-paced, demanding job may exhaust your quality of life (which is a key component of their core values). The benefits package appears to be substantial on paper until they're necessarily utilized. Yet, an assitance program with average resources can mainly rectify and ameliorate some of these issues. Overall, this bank's compensation alongside requirements is not commensurable, though with the dynamic managing personnel any individual will flourish.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 5, 2014","3.0"
"Productive work place","I was a Financial Sales Consultant typical day would handling customers on platform side of the branch. Had really high sales goals which I was able to achieve. The overall rating is a three star having problems selecting.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Turnersville, NJ","July 5, 2014","1.0"
"legal document review, credit applications, customer service","Fast-paced envioment, loved helping people better their finnancial situation by eliminating unwanted debt. Also enjoyed learning about different accounts and how these accounts needed to be titled depeneding on each customers unique situation. management was tough being this position was more of a learn on your own envioment, I would have to agree this was the hardest part of my day (training was not an option).","licensed","Current Employee","Bethel Park","July 3, 2014","5.0"
"It was a productive and enjoyable workplace","Most enjoyable part was working with the public and the hardest part was balancing the vault. My work day was very structured and enjoyable.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","July 3, 2014","2.0"
"Great place","Greta place to work with lots of coaching and advancements on the job","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","July 2, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced enviornment to work","Great job if looking for fast paced place of work. great opportunity to meet new peopl Typical 8-5 bank job","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cinnaminson, NJ","July 2, 2014","3.0"
"under-staffed and overworked.","DO NOT apply for the Libertyville location. Try anywhere else. Branch Manager there is a headcase and messes with you mentally on a daily basis. I worked there for under six months due to this. He waits for the slightest slip up and then gets you fired by HR. Save yourself and do not apply for this position at Libertyville.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Libertyville, IL","July 1, 2014","2.0"
"Great work/life balance opportunities"," this bank offers a great work/life balance. I have enjoyed working there for the past 6+ years. Co-workers are great.","Business Systems Analyst Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2014","4.0"
"Banking on a budget....","I work with a good group of co workers. I have learned many new things for this job, independent of any job training.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Onley, VA","June 28, 2014","3.0"
"Great Place to work"," this bank Cares about its customers, and it is a wonderful place to work.","Officer","Current Employee","Baltimore, Md","June 27, 2014","5.0"
"In enjoyed my job while working at this bank","A typical day at this bank would start out by getting prepared for the day. We worked together as a team to take care of our clients needs. We put our clients first. Working at the bank allowed me to assist many clients with their financial needs. This would make them happy and that would make me feel good about myself. I enjoy assisting people with their needs. My co-workers and myself got along and that make us work well as a team.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Pensacola, FL","June 27, 2014","4.0"
"Manager was a bully!","My last manager was a bully who threatened your job on a daily basis. She would tell you one thing one day and tell you the opposite thing the next, then tell you that you are stupid. She would approve things and when they came back -accuse you of forging her signature. CRAZY","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Bloomfield, MI","June 27, 2014","1.0"
"Conservative Banking","Bank has a very consevative approach that demographically does not work for everyone.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Cicero IL","June 26, 2014","4.0"
"Extreme cash handling job","Monday- Thursday is basically slow. Tellers handle all customer needs at the window and refer additional services to customer service reps. Fridays and Saturdays are very busy. The hardest part of the job was managing long lines at some branches due to few tellers on staff. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know regular customers and helping serve their financial needs.","Teller II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 25, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work in the POCONOS","Loved working in the north east from the DM to co workers everyone is like family!!! and all with bend over backwards to help and train for advancement...","Tri-County Region floater","Former Employee","Mount Pocono, PA","June 25, 2014","4.0"
"not a good place to work.","a typical day at work was logging into our phones half would do this half would not if we would all log into our phones like we were suppose to this would have made our lives so much easier...Managers didn't care...I think because at the time it was a new call center maybe? people was calling out...they would just leave wouldn't come back with out notice...then management would try to contact them via mail?? this no call no show no work ethics...it was just a crazy mixed up place...half of the people on things showing up to work??? it was a living night mare working there...I am just glad to be away peace..In my heart I really think the one manager she might have been nice in heart but, they put her in a really position she had no clue about and, it brought out the worse in her too much he said she said too childish there..gives me chills I hope in time they have gotten better.","Underwriter 2","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 25, 2014","1.0"
"N/a","Built and expanded customer relationships, grew book of business while exceeding sales goal Consistently exceeds monthly loan dollar goal of $700,000 a mont Process Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit, Auto Loans, Personal loans (secured & unsecured), and credit card applications. Exceeds monthly goal of new DDA accounts by conducting at least two Workplace Banking onsites per month at local companies. Established new DDA accounts and banking relationships with employees of each company visite Lead region in quarterly incentive payout each of last three quarters. Consistently exceeds revenue credit threshold required for incentive payout each quarter. Trained to process teller transactions on an as needed basis. Facilitated Financial literacy workshops and classes (Foundations of Money Management, Credit 101, Smart Borrowing)","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","June 24, 2014","2.0"
"bank environment, learned a lot form other FA","good company meeting clients plan for their goals and objectives","Licensed Financial Advisor","Former Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","June 24, 2014","4.0"
"Great Benefits"," this bank offers great benefits. They are one of very few companies that still offer pension","Senior Implementation Analyst","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","June 24, 2014","4.0"
"Aston Gardens","My first job so it was a good start but not what I wanted to do. Needed to find a career.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Coral Springs, FL","June 23, 2014","3.0"
"Still up and coming","My overall rating for my position at this bank is 50/50, the company is still making changes do to the bank merger with bank N.","CSR","Former Employee","Brecksville Ohio","June 22, 2014","3.0"
"Data Entry Corporate and Lockbox Clerk","Mostly I do data entry for business checks that business pay to another business more likely business bank. My responsible was checking all the checks to make sure they filled the check not leave some blank and if the check left some blank then has to mail it back to the company to make sure they write fill the check before we do deposit those checks to the business bank that pay to another business as company... I love to do data entry as kept me busy and had some good friends there thro as I enjoyed hang out with them include supervisor.. I has a good reason to resigned because there are two things I have to signed but it is good pay I ever had in my life which I love it too","Data Entry Corporate and Lockbox Clerk","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","June 22, 2014","5.0"
"Need a change","Truly love what I do, but Manager has taken things to a new and worse level that it starts to get to me. I love being able to help customers and if that is what my job was suppose to be, but since the change in upper management things have changed and its now everyone is a number.","o Manager","Current Employee","West Chester, PA","June 22, 2014","4.0"
"Fun place to work great people and company","Worked in the collections dept. for credit cards had to call this bank credit card holders to resolve past due accounts.","Account Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 22, 2014","5.0"
"Good environment","I really enjoy working there, the people are great and there is a good work/life balance.","Compliance Senior Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2014","4.0"
"Great professional experience","This past summer I learned a great deal about this bank as an intern in the HR Metrics & Analytics Department. While there, I had the opportunity to work on implementing the PeopleSoft 9.1 project, a Human Resource Management System allowing for Enterprise Resource Planning to consolidate all business operations into a uniform system environment and deliver value to its stakeholders. Another project I worked on was an analysis of turnover rates, shifting salary quartiles, and costs to move salary bands among several large markets. In addition, I completed was a Financial Overview of this bank Compensation & Benefits compared with several other major banks in order to assess this bank's rank and performance among its rivals in that area. Finally, I assisted in creating dashboards in OBIE 11G, a program which allows for easier access to corporate data and provides common infrastructure for reports and analysis. Aside from these projects, I gained experience in creating professional relationships among employees that assisted me with my work.","Analytics Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2014","5.0"
"Challenging mornings to successful afternoons","Friendly staff, managers and supervisors approachable at almost any part of the day if needed. My goal is to directly and properly assist as many that are in need Proactive in volunteering the this bank brand through Wellness Activities","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2014","4.0"
"Great environment to work in!","A typical day is just assisting customers as quickly and as correctly as possible, while making your customer feel appreciated and special. The management is great and professional. Coworkers are easy to work with and positive about their jobs. The job overall is very enjoyable.","Teller","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 19, 2014","5.0"
"Stressful","Co worker are nice but the management no so much. The work load the majority of the time was heavy. The compensation and benefits are good.","Clerk IV","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2014","3.0"
"A typical day at work","As the Merchant Representative I was responsible for the monthly goals of twelve branches on the District of Columbia. I will meet with customer at the branch as well as their place of business. I will call cold with branch personnel to acquire more leads and expand our footprint.","Merchant Services Account Executive","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 19, 2014","4.0"
"n","It is a good place to work for. My co-workers are a great group to work with","Teller","Current Employee","West Dundee, IL","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"Great and new experience","Overall, I love this job. My co-workers are wonderful, management is great when not stressing about our CIQ or quota. On a typical day, we sign in, greet customers, process a few deposits or withdrawals, etc. Business has been slow. The hardest part of this job is finding a way to get to work since I live 10mi away. The most enjoyable about this job is meeting our regular clients and making them, and every other client, feel special and satisfied with our suggestions of products. I've learned much information at this bank, I'm not business savvy so it helps.","Teller","Current Employee","Leesburg, VA","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"Great environment with room to grow"," this bank has a great work/life balance and team environment. I feel that everyone cares about educating one another and growing within the company.","Teller","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","June 18, 2014","5.0"
"Oracle DBA.at this bank"," this bank is a American Financial Services Corporation. this bank operations include a regional banking franchise operating primarily in nineteen States and the District of Columbia, specialized financial businesses serving companies and government entities, and asset management and processing businesses.","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"nothing but the best","i love my job... its the best company ever.. just keeping my options open to better opportunities","dda collection","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 18, 2014","5.0"
"Energetic and dynamic work environment","merged bank provides one with the opportunity to excel in various areas if you show initiative. I was able to use my ability to communicate and analyze data plus decision making to promote into other areas of interest and need. Co-workers are generally very conscientious and aid in building a very good work environment.","Foreclosure - Real Estate Officer","Former Employee","Brecksville, Ohio","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"loved working with this company","I had great time working with company started with them when the company first merged with RBC bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","June 17, 2014","4.0"
"Upper management has little to no clue.","Pros- Coworkers, work/life balance, hours Cons- Low pay, recruiters tell you inflated numbers about what current bankers are making in commission (You will find out very quickly that many bankers never reach there incentive bonus. I found out during a sales meeting within the first week; going over the 'top' bankers revenue credits which are never enough to make incentive).","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee,WI","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Good company","Great work culture but pays employees extremely low wages.","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Friendly place to work","Very nice people, overall a nice place to work. Sometimes have to work long hours, can be stressful , but that comes with any job in finance and banking.","FHA Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Energetic place to work for with a high demand for achievement.","Everyday we were active in marketing our products and services to our customers. We needed to provide a 'go-getter' attitude. Management was actively involved in ways to improve the achievement of our daily goals. The hardest part of the job was finding new and innovative ways to gain business. Banking is very competitive these days. The most enjoyable part was building relationships with my customers and improving their financial well-being.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Orland Park, IL","June 16, 2014","4.0"
"Typical day...","The HR Project Coordinator role consist of a combination of responsiblities and adhoc requests. In my department, I support HR Operations and Talent Aquisition initiatives. I've also had the opportunities to partner with the Training and Development on various projects.","HR Project Coordinator","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 16, 2014","4.0"
"It's an OK place to work.","It started off as good, good training, when you're on your teams they ride you on everything. Over whelm you first time you mess up they blame you for loosing customers. Has their good & bad days. Coaches & managers has that 'I'm better than you attitude' Pay is good if you're full time, part time barely gets you by.","Core Card Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo Mi","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Great Team Experience","Working at this bank was a very enjoyable job. In a typical day, I would get to meet a lot of customers and help them solve their financial problems. I have a very good experience with my manager. She was always there to let me try new things. The hardest part of the job was dealing with irate customers, but after awhile, they became something that was not so difficult to deal with.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","June 14, 2014","4.0"
"Helping small business grow made my feeling good","Construct and implement successful sales strategies via cold calling and prospecting to establishing new business banking. Develop and grow existing business banking portfolios: while concentrating on 100% client retention, by selling this bank business bank product.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 14, 2014","5.0"
"laid off after 10 1/2 years","laid off after 10 1/2 years without so much as a goodbye from senior management","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2014","1.0"
"Overall Great Place to Work","Great Management that cares, positive atmosphere, team oriented place.","Cash Flow Insight Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2014","5.0"
"okay work place","there can be a lot of favoritism in branches and a lot of gossip","teller","Former Employee","MI","June 13, 2014","3.0"
"its been a good run","time to look for something else...the industry has many stress points and is constantly changing...the hardest part of the job is the production stress...the most enjoyable part is the friendships I've developed along the way.","File Submission Analyst","Current Employee","allegheny center","June 13, 2014","3.0"
"Supervising Loan officer","I talk to clients interview, take applications, process loan applications, customer service.","Supervising Loan Officer","Current Employee","Federal Way, WA","June 11, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place To Work.","Great Customers & Great Team within the years. I learned how to sale more & products. FIVE STAR. *******","bank Teller","Former Employee","Grove City, OH","June 10, 2014","5.0"
"great staff","Workin for this bank is a great learning experience. Management is exreamly helpful and supportive when it comes to moving forward with your career.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","June 10, 2014","4.0"
"Productive work environment"," this bank is a good place to work.I want to move on the develop more professionally.","Accountant II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great WorkPlace","Great Place to be employed. They really care about there employees. Training is open and your able to choose your path and direct your career choice. Self efficient. Good friends at work as well. Management is great.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Ocala, FL","June 9, 2014","5.0"
"Demanding","It was ok working at this bank, very demanding, but good place, have learnt a lot.","Informatica Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2014","2.0"
"Decent company to work for","Decent company to work for. Not too much advancement. This was based on how long you were with the company. If you were there for 5 years and another person 2, but if the newer person was better qualified over the longer tenured employee, you were passed over. The same people were moved up at the same time and if you were in a social clique, you did not advance.","Business Banking Support Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelpha, PA","June 8, 2014","3.0"
"Okay Work Place","Doing transactions and balancing and SALES! Having the best of the best Customer service.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Oh","June 7, 2014","3.0"
"Productive and fun work place"," this bank is a great place to work and bank. The job is very diverse with lot of room to grow and learn. Each day is not like the last one. Employees are pleasant and willing to help. I enjoyed each day worked there. There was nothing hard about my day","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","June 6, 2014","4.0"
"My coworkers were great. Upper management was not too friendly. Made you feel like your just a number not a employee.","The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the turnover. When management change then you have to change.","CSA II","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","June 5, 2014","3.0"
"Friendly place to work","My experience at this bank was great. Co-workers were a joy to be around. Enjoyed building relationships with customers and staff.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lexington Park, MD","June 5, 2014","4.0"
"Hard work will be rewarded","There are numerous awards foe outstanding performance. Successful employees are rewarded.","Branch Manager III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 5, 2014","3.0"
"Regulatory environment and market conditions squeezing industry profits","The current regulatory environment, less than favorable market conditions, and industry changes guided by customer reliance on technology, rather than branch personnel, are squeezing banking center profits and challenging the success of a once booming industry. Bottom line driven, top-down, fear-based management style has led to increased turnover, decreased employee morale and has lessened client engagement.","Branch Employee","Former Employee","GA","June 4, 2014","3.0"
"Productive, work life balance, Great Management and great opportunities to grow.","I was managing the entire Washington DC mortgage office department with 10-2 loan officers. I was trained for 3 weeks when I started with the company and I took classes for Training Talent for 6 months. I had 2 Market Managers in 2 years but both of them were very experienced and great leaders. They taught me a lot about mortgage and banking itself. The hardest part of the job was to coordinate with our closing department, I had to stay on top of each file due to several management changes in their office and it delayed our loan closing.","Mortgage Office manager","Former Employee","Downtown Washington DC","June 3, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place to Work","I really have enjoyed my time at this bank Investments and I think others will too. Great place to call home!","Investment Operations Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 3, 2014","5.0"
"Excellent Employer"," this bank is a great place to work. The company finds great importance in work/life balance.","Loss Prevention Analyst","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","June 3, 2014","5.0"
"Adminstrative Assistance","Great Job, Great supervisor, Flexible hours, Not much more tell. Just a great job.","Financial Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 2, 2014","4.0"
"Awesome co-workers","Great working environment, even better customers. this bank provides a great opportunity for growth and learning.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Clarksville, MD","June 2, 2014","4.0"
"Not a great atmosphere to work for especially within the retail aspect.","- What I have learned is not to trust branch managers. - A typical day on the job is opening accounts and searching clients accounts to find wealth clients to refer over.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Hackensack, NJ","June 2, 2014","3.0"
"Steady job","Can be a great place to work. Not great on promoting from within.","Teller","Current Employee","MO","May 31, 2014","3.0"
"Very competitive environment","While they have fabulous benefits, the whole nature of the job is centered around sales. If you are a salesmen this is a good job for you.","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","May 30, 2014","3.0"
"nice compensation but not a great place to work in","i like that i had sales goals to meet which kept me motivated, management wasn't the best but it was a job.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lanham, MD","May 30, 2014","3.0"
"Productive","Customer service inbounds call. Excellent place to work at.","CUSTOMER SERVICE RERESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Whitehall, Oh","May 29, 2014","5.0"
"Work Life Balance and Advancement Opportunities","Investing in the development of employees, great advancement opportunities, and work life balance.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","May 29, 2014","5.0"
"NOT a good company","Working with this bank mortgage was very unproductive. Management team is VERY unproductive and uneducated about their processes.","Hardest Hit Funds","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 29, 2014","1.0"
"Pretty good company to work for","Pretty good company. I liked the location and the culture. I enjoyed the co-workers that I worked with they make the company.","Various Positions","Former Employee","Overland Park, Kansas","May 28, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work family oriented","A day at this bank was always different never know who's going to call and what their going to say. It was always a challenge but a good one. They have a Daycare on site for emergencies (snow day etc.) Co workers and managers were great to work with. Some days we had fun time where we play bingo or bowling for small bank prizes.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 28, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work but the salary could be better.","A typical day would include processing night deposit bags before the branch opens to customers. Followed by a brief, 10-15 minute meeting with the staff. When the doors open you're primary job is to process customers requests for deposits or cashing checks. As a Teller Supervisor you are also responsible for coaching the teller staff in sales and audit. Another big part of a Teller Supervisor's job is to manage the branch cash and keeping it in line with guidelines.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 28, 2014","4.0"
"It was was wonderful place to work but only part time.","The work environment was a wonderful place to be. Being a part time teller though you get stuck working every Saturday because you are only part time and they feel that you do not deserve to have Saturdays off they only go to the full time employees.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Coldwater, MI","May 28, 2014","4.0"
"Productive, good company","A typical day for me was cashing checks, making deposits and doing withdrawals for customer. I cross sold the bank's products and services.","Teller","Former Employee","6055 West Lisbon Ave","May 27, 2014","4.0"
"Good job. Good company.","Typical day as a teller waiting on customers by taking care of their financial transaction and providing excellent customer service.","Senior Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","May 27, 2014","3.0"
"Great work/Life Balance","Continued support of management is what makes my job so much more enjoyable. I get to learn complex and interesting situations that relate to our economic environment. I enjoy working with and supporting a wide range of personalities. It keeps me well rounded and proves that I can adapt to change and uncertainty.","Foreign Exchange Sales Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2014","4.0"
"Great overall place to work","overall great place, everything is always changing and can be frustrating at times","Operations Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2014","4.0"
"Close knit workforce, great benefits, fun environment","I enjoy working here, they are very good to their employees and want to see you succeed. They are good with benefits like vacation time but could do a little better with compensation. This type of job makes you and your co-workers very close, when this happens you begin to get close with your customers as well.","Teller","Current Employee","Howell, MI","May 23, 2014","5.0"
"A nice place to work","I really liked working there..management never talked down to you, and always asked for feedback.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2014","4.0"
"enjoy working with public","Day to day operational functions,apply features & benefits of financial products & services in customer interactions. Service clients needs and customer service. Learned how to offer products suitable for clients that fit client needs. Staff always worked as a team. Most enjoyable part of job was building customer relations.","Senior Teller","Former Employee","Nashville, NC","May 22, 2014","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great place to work. There are many opportunities for advancement.","Retail Integration Wave Manager","Former Employee","job moved to Pittsburgh","May 21, 2014","5.0"
"Great Work Life Balance","*Worked a great effective team! *Work life balance! * Able to grow within the company!","Retail Recruiter","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 21, 2014","3.0"
"Fun Work Environment","Great company and place to work for. Benefits are not that good because it is a smaller company.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","May 20, 2014","4.0"
"great way to interact with others","worked my way up from a teller to being the assistant head teller within a year","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","May 19, 2014","3.0"
"Very fast paced, my first job in management","I learned to maximize multi-tasking. The manageent and had great co-workers and a fun working environment.","Investment Representative","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","May 16, 2014","4.0"
"Rewarding Workplace","Overall, this bank is a great place to work. I have advanced very quickly with the bank. The job has become very stressful due to the lack of staff and support. I have the best clients and love to take care of them and thier financial needs. They keep a smile on my face.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Winston-Salem, NC","May 15, 2014","4.0"
"It was overall, Average Environment","A typical day includes lots of researc I've learned a lot about Corporate Actions. Management Structure was disoriented. Co-Workers have always been fun and team players. There were no extraordinary hard parts just your usual daily work struggles. The most enjoyable part was knowing I was contributing to the overall good of the company","Mortgage Operations Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 15, 2014","3.0"
"Convenient location next to public transportation","Site was located right next to public transportation (rail). Comparable benefit package (401K, Insurance, Vacation). Onsite cafeteria. I had a great manager, who I really enjoyed working with.","BSA Compliance Regulatory Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","May 14, 2014","4.0"
"Bleh","I can see how some people might like it, but sitting down all day and making 10,000 calls per weeks for 40 hours wasn't my cup of tea.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Fast paced environment","A typical day of work starts with me logging into all necessary programs, then checking my daily emails. I take inbound calls that have pretty much anything to do with banking products. I also sell banking products so I take applications for loans, checking, savings, etc. I also make outbound calls to customers to see if their is anything this bank can do to make their banking experience better. I am one of the 12-15 employees that makes up a team with in the outbound Sales department. My sole supervisor is who I report too. My co-workers are great to be around they help make the job less stressful. I would say the worst part of the job is to hear people yell at you all day long for stuff that isn't your fault. The best part of the job on the other hand is making the customers feel more at ease with their banking, and leaving the phone call better off than it started.","Call Center Representative","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","May 13, 2014","4.0"
"Productive Place","I liked working at this bank because there was always something to do.","Online Banking Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Great","Good place to work, that's why I'm searching for another position?","Associate Property Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Decent place to work, but fumbling through culture change.","Bank is trying to move into the Big Bank arena and does not have the infrastructure, nor the system to do so correctly. Training was very good and in my roll there is not a ton of micromanagement on a daily basis.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Dayton, NJ","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to start a career","Great coworkers and fulfilling customer interactions make a great place to begin a career. Poor management and advancement make a bad place to continue a career","Teller","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","May 12, 2014","4.0"
" this bank is awesome!","This was an excellent place to work. Professionalism was very important when working for this bank and that is something I can really appreciate. Employees were valued and often rewarded for doing well. Management was laid-back but would get down to business alongside you when it was necessary. The only complaint I could make about this company was that the pay was fairly low. Of course, getting the experience of working for a bank and all the perks that were offered made it worthwhile.","Peak-Time Teller","Former Employee","Indian Head, MD","May 12, 2014","4.0"
"ok company","company is too large and it day emploees what they deserve. not easy to move up","Teller","Current Employee","McKees Rocks, PA","May 12, 2014","5.0"
"Great work enviroment if you enjoy customer service","Everyday your duties were to service your customers with everday banking transactions. While doing this you need to have 5 star customer service. The hardest part of the job is dealing with difficult situations with fraud. The most enjoyable is meeting new people and learning new things. I learned about different frauds and scams. How to invest and make good savings decisions.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Easton, MD","May 12, 2014","3.0"
"P/T teller P/T mortgage loan officer","On the teller line, I handled cash, ,made money orders, sold saving bonds and did withdrawals and deposits. On the mortgage side I pre-qualified clients and followed the status of their applications.","Teller","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","May 10, 2014","5.0"
"Good company to work for.","I enjoyed working for this bank. It's a great company to work for. They treat their employees well.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 10, 2014","4.0"
"bank","Great benefits. Management was flexible with schedules and very helpful when asked for tips about how to move up the corporate ladder. Of all of the lending sites where I worked, we were given the highest lending authorities and the most interaction with management.","NA - Senior Banking Officer, Senior Lender","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 9, 2014","5.0"
"Great coworkers and great learning environment.","Great at training. There is an error on this page I already reviewed this employer, please see previous submission.","Credit Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo MI","May 9, 2014","4.0"
"Good place to work","I've worked for this bank for 2 years, it is a good place to work if you enjoy sales and meeting goals. Management styles vary contingent upon location.","Universal Consultant","Former Employee","Nazareth PA","May 8, 2014","4.0"
"Good bank and good people","I cross several different areas of the bank, retail, Business banking, wealth management. I manage a book of business of affluent clients that average above 125,000 in annual income. I also manage investment clients up to 1 million in assets. I am the point person for these clients and make sure that any need, personal or business, is taken care of from beginning to end. My days are full.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RM","Current Employee","Ambler, PA","May 8, 2014","4.0"
"Great Training Program","They spend time and money on training their employees and theres always continuing to train.","Senior Auditor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 8, 2014","4.0"
"Very stressful job","Learned a lot, its an important job, glad for the experience","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Elizabeth City, NC","May 7, 2014","3.0"
"Work enviroment","My day was busy reviewing files,work great with co-workers to insure the job would be completed by the end of the work day I really enjoyed working for this bank. Excellent managers to report to. Great work environment.","Pre-Funder Reviewer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 7, 2014","4.0"
"I love working with peoples","My job was a customer service based position . I was conducting my business on phone. In mortgage business is a life long learning job , because with each client you learn something different . I was always very lucky to work with the best management , who had a open door policy if i needed some help management was their to help me. I always learn something new from my previous managers. I always worked as a team with my co-workers, if they needed my help i was there to help them . You will face a hard time at your work place, but i never let that bother me and try to complete all my task. I loved my job and i always make a job a fun place to work , because i get along with my co-worker . I love my love where i can learn new things and i can make new friends.","Assistant","Former Employee","Mount Prospect, IL","May 7, 2014","5.0"
"My Favorite Place to work","Best company, had the best leaders/management. Really enjoyed my job.","Market Manager","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","May 7, 2014","5.0"
"good and bad days","some parts and days are great some are harder than others. Lot of the hard part is the market some is self inflicted by the company. overall its alright every place has good, bad interesting things going on.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 6, 2014","3.0"
"great","• Handling large amounts of cash while processing transactions. • Customer interaction and customer loyalty. • Processing transactions and interacting with the customers. • Translate Arabic for clients","Translator","Former Employee","Oak Park, MI","May 5, 2014","5.0"
" this bank is a company, with a good corporate culture, that takes special care in training","All of the best managers I have worked with were working for this bank. The fact that you have to take courses to become a manager at the Consumer Loan Center made it a very pleasant work environment. The Pace was VERY fast, there was a lot of work, and you were always busy ...however, all members of a team supported all other members.","Automotive Title Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2014","5.0"
"Compensation and Benefits are above average","I really enjoyed working for this company. It is a great company to work for.","Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2014","4.0"
"Branch Manager AVP","BRANCH MANAGER / ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT 2008 / 201 • Supervised staff of sales professionals and tellers to effectively meet branch goals while ensuring superior customer satisfaction within a $80 Million dollar branch. • Managed portfolio exceeding $5 Million dollar portfolio consisting of personal / small business / wealth management customers. • Aggressively developed new business opportunities while providing ongoing superior service to existing clientele; met and exceeded all branch goals. • Recruited talent to keep region staffed with potential candidates.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Northvale, NJ","May 5, 2014","4.0"
"Intimate culture","Deal with a lot of money. Must settle accounts to the penny. Hard work pays off. Management is able to balance intimacy with strategic planning. The overnight shift had the feel of family. The hardest part is too many people are out , because their work has to be done as well, but it's doable. I enjoyed the culture of the organization the most.","Transit Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 5, 2014","5.0"
"nice benefits for full time employment","the opportunity to transfer to another branch is not easily achieved. Annual pay is on the lower scale than most financial institutions.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Logansport, IN","May 4, 2014","3.0"
"Good learning experience","Good learning experience but not my dream job. this bank is a stable and reputable company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Akron, OH","May 4, 2014","4.0"
"not much to say","not much to say. little to offer in terms of compensation and management style.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","May 2, 2014","2.0"
"By far the best place yet .","This company has a great team for helping not just the employees, but also the client. the compensation package was out standing , and they have room for advacment with in the company.","Collector 2","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 2, 2014","5.0"
"Busy workplace, but not stressful at all.","A typical workday is extremely busy, but it makes the day go by faster. My coworkers are very nice and fun to work with. The managers are very professional and laid back.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 30, 2014","4.0"
"Fun Activties monthly","I was formally a collector in a call center with terrible hours. I asked to move the same position for a morning position, it was declined (as there was open seats available for this advancement). I was treated like bad from human resources, the managers are brain washed into believing they have tons of power. The benefits where high, the customers and branch employees are completely rude. I was so glad when I left, I felt a big breathe of fresh air. This company is no where near what they make themselves out to be. I have gained some great friends whom agree with me and also they had activities monthly. Not to mention, I am heavily tattooed and I got dirty looks everyday.","collections","Former Employee","NC","April 30, 2014","1.0"
"loved it!","great job! I loved it! very professional place to work! Supervisors were very friendly! they hire good people!!","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","April 29, 2014","5.0"
"Great colleagues, overall great work environment.","Great place to work and learn about many different situations.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 29, 2014","5.0"
"n/a","a lot of inexperienced persons in authority. schedule not flexible. help was rarely available. slow branch. friendly customers. low pay","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","April 29, 2014","2.0"
"great company","I love the people that I worked with. The company have great opportunities.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Okemos, MI","April 29, 2014","4.0"
"Good company","Good bank to work for, and good corporate culture. The bank is very strong financially, and understands that clients are the most important thing","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 29, 2014","5.0"
"n/a","Trust administrator. Worked closely with clients, brokers, attorneys and beneficiaries relating to all trust accounts.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 28, 2014","4.0"
"Should have never left","Very good company, pro emplyees, good benefits/bonues. Wonderful work life balance. Lots of employee perks","Loss Mitigation Default Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 24, 2014","5.0"
"Great benefits, low compensation","A typical day was assisting customers, while trying to meet sales goals. Although there is a lot of talk about advancement and growth, it is pretty difficult to move from the retail side, if you find that sales is not your niche. I witnessed this with several of my co workers. The hardest part was adjusting to playing the role of a personal banker, while still being a teller, and not being compensated for the extra work, training, etc. this bank pays well if you meet sales goals, in their incentive pay...if you are not a teller. They pay $6 for each DDA acct (checking/savings) for tellers, but, pay bankers and teller supervisors more. There is no job security in the retail side of banking, as everything is heading to the technology side. Branches will be scarce.","Teller Banking Representative I","Former Employee","Williamsburg, VA","April 24, 2014","4.0"
"love crunching numbers, fun and productive","Exceed clients' expectations when conducting a variety of transactions such as accepting deposits and payments, cashing checks, and withdrawing cash. Balance cash drawer daily, Secure all client information according to regulatory standards, Develop schedules and reports related to teller line activities, Complete all other operational activities such as ATM balancing, vault security, and night deposits as assigned by supervisor.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Orange, NJ","April 23, 2014","5.0"
"Great company with great value","Great company to work for. Focuses on customers overall well-being. Managers utilize effective coach techniques. Sales goals can be a bit much","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fairlawn, OH","April 22, 2014","4.0"
" this bank","I enjoyed working for this bank and learned much about customer interactions.","Teller","Former Employee","Bayou La Batre, AL","April 22, 2014","4.0"
"Retail Banking","Most recently acted as Branch Manager for a 5 month period while the current manager was out and continued sales success for the remaining quarter Acted as Branch Manager for a 3 month period while the Branch Manager was on disability, and continued successful sales goals of 5 for 5 for the quarter Focused on operations of the branch. Making sure that the branch was compliant with all rules and regulations. Worked closely with audit team to ensure a 90% or better all four quarters on our audit each year Supervised and trained employees in daily job responsibilities. Coached and mentored employees on business development, and personal growth. Built a faithful customer base resulting in higher customer satisfaction, customer retention, gaining entire customer financial portfolios, and an increase of customer driven business referrals Sold all products offered including: personal and business checking accounts, savings/money market accounts, home equity loans and lines of credit, personal secured and unsecured loans, certificate of deposits, making investment referrals, IRA's, and mortgages.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rochester, NY","April 21, 2014","4.0"
"I enjoy this job","It is very rewarding. I train candidates that are hired on to the bank after they have gone through teller training, I really enjoy getting to know new people and teaching them what i know.","Hardin County Teller Mentor","Current Employee","Elizabethtown ky","April 17, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work and great people to work with","-Help clients with their everyday financial and banking activities","Personal Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","April 16, 2014","5.0"
"Part time","I am a part time employee, looking for full time currently. This is a great company to work for. I have learned 5 star customer service skills.","Teller","Current Employee","Akron, OH","April 16, 2014","5.0"
"Good company"," this bank overall is a good company to work for. It is not a job for a person who needs flexibility.","Customer service representative","Former Employee","kalamazoo mi","April 16, 2014","4.0"
"Great Team, Not So Great Pay and Management","For the amount of daily responsibilities and the overall workload, this bank is known to pay below the expected/respected amount. The management is lazy and barely ever held accountable for mistakes, slacking, ect, but they come down so hard on normal employees for absolutely anything. I've worked in both the corporate and retail sides of this company. If you're interested, I recommend corporate (customer service, collections, data entry) because the retail employees (bankers, tellers, ect) get treated with far less respect. On the corporate side there is a great sense of 'togetherness' amongst the team, there are company picnics, sporting events, outings, volunteer opportunities, free stuff and giveaways all the time and it's just a great, fast paced environment. I had to leave because the work life balance is simply not there on the corporate side. Overall, pretty decent place to work for. It definitely has it's flaws and could be improved more...but that's almost any job.","TELLER","Former Employee","Akron, OH","April 15, 2014","3.0"
"sitting at your desk and to complete work assigned to you"," this bank is a friendly environment to work in the people are great working with. this bank promote good health for there employees such as an area to walk on break or lunch.","Claims Specialist","Current Employee","3232 newmark dr","April 15, 2014","4.0"
"Process transactions and operate the drive thur.","On a typical day I would process various types of customers' needs. Count currency, and balance my drawer.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 15, 2014","5.0"
"Analyst role","Corporate banking development program. Training provided. Promotion depending on the team, market, business environment. Best opportunity is in the southeast.","TreasuryManagement","Current Employee","PA","April 14, 2014","3.0"
"Stellar Training","Great Training, Good work life Balance. I learned my foundations that have gotten me where I am today. I left and came back. They are a leader in technology","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 14, 2014","4.0"
"Average place to work","I learned a lot because I am curious. Manager is always giving you more tasks. Co-workers are fun to work with. Hardest part is to work 6 days a week, but no overtime. No work/life balance. The most enjoyable part of the job is make customer happy.","Teller","Current Employee","Clearwater Fl","April 13, 2014","3.0"
"Na","Nice clean building, WII available on 4th floor to 'unwind', a 'bistro' available for snacks, lunches or soda drinks, FREE medical cabinet that has generic products for allergies, headaches, contact issues, etc.","Senior Mortgage Closer","Former Employee","Jacksonville","April 11, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","A a Columbus based bank with room to grow and advance within the company.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 8, 2014","4.0"
"Okay place to work","Sit at a desk all day and analyze collection. Co workers were great, learned a lot about collections. The one thing I can say about this bank is that there is always something to learn.","Real Estate Administrator","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 7, 2014","5.0"
"Tbd","• Oversee the daily performance of computer systems. • Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware request to resolve problems. • Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software. • Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications. • Setup /troubleshoot & resolve problems with Lotus notes for users","Desktop Support","Current Employee","600 Grant Street Pittsburgh PA","April 7, 2014","3.0"
"QTP Automation Expert","• Reviewed of Documents like Software requirement Specification, Rapid Design Document, High Level Design, Detail Design Document, Acceptance Test Cases, Integration Test Cases, Unit Test Cases. • Analyzed various documents and use Cases to prepare the detailed Test Plan. • Involved in creating Use cases using MS Visio. • Performed Black box testing and Grey box testing. • Tested the application compatibility in all versions of Netscape and Internet Explorer browsers by automating the test cases. • Performed GUI, Functional, System, Integration, Regression, UAT and Back End testing. • Worked extensively with Quality Center/ALM for creating Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Design, Test Inputs, Test Logs, and Test Summary Reports. • Reported the bugs, e-mail notifications to the developers using the HP Quality Center/ALM. • Used Quality Center for defect tracking in different environments. • Written SQL queries for checking the Data Transactions and Database Integrity in both SQL Server and Oracle. • Upgraded of Manual test scripts into HP Quality Center for automation using QTP. • Created Scenario based scripts and screen based Script using QuickTest Professional (QTP). • Involved in Regression and System testing of the application using QTP/UFT 11.5. • Reviewed the QTP Scripts developed by the team members. • Created Customs functions for some grids which are not recognized by QTP. • Created Generic Functions in VB Script for both Windows and Web based applications. • Developed a Hybrid Framework using QTP/UFT 11.5. • Conducted functional regression testing for - more...","QTP Automation Expert","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 7, 2014","5.0"
"Low turnover","The mangaement style varies from location to locaion. I've had some wonderful management and some I wish not to comment. Overall a decent place to work a lot of perks however the salary isn't very competitive.","Commercial Collateral Monitoring Processor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 7, 2014","4.0"
"Great staff","This is a good company to work for but the turn-over was ridiculous.","Banking Representative","Former Employee","Fords, NJ","April 4, 2014","4.0"
"Current Job","I love my job, enjoying helping others. I work with a great group of co-workers. My job can be challenging at times, but I can handle it. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping customers remain in their homes.","Default Loss Mitigation","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 4, 2014","5.0"
"In-Store is a Circus","If you have a college degree ( major Business/Finance/Accounting etc) the only reason you should even take this position is for the steady paycheck while you: take classes on the side and/or look for a more lucrative position. That is unless you are one of those crazy people that enjoy retail banking. Despite what this bank preaches, the in-store positions offer limited opportunity for growth and awful hours including mandatory three weekends a month (though depending on your branch manager, that maybe flexible) If this bank was the Mormon church, the in-store FSCs are the missionaries they send out on bikes to go door to door to spread the beliefs of the Mormon Church, except in store FSCs go aisle to aisle of the Giant grocery stores, marketing this bank. (I could go on and on with that comparison, but I'll just leave it at that) The one good thing about the position, unlike most retail banks this bank sales goals are relatively low, lower bonus levels are easily obtainable (though not really lucrative) and they aren't too strict on under-performing FSCs (yet. I can tell that this is soon to change)","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Washington DC Area","April 3, 2014","3.0"
"not applicable","NOtHING NOTHING NOtHING NOTHING NOTHING. not appplicable. nice place to work. nice benefits","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","April 3, 2014","4.0"
"Friendly people to work with","I have played a huge part in my position as a team player. I have assisted other workers in projects, assisted other workers to get the work load at a set pace. My reviews have been outstanding from my supervisors. I have learned many new jobs at my department and fulfilled my supervisors expectations of me. The enjoyable part of my job is working with other co-workers who make the day go by smoothly by good attitudes and a friendly work area. My management has been there for me, to help me in decisions of my future.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","First Avenue Operations Center, Pgh Pa","April 3, 2014","4.0"
"no life, expectations too high","I am what's called a 'switcher.' They have unrealistic goals you have to meet, called referrals. I love working with customers, but just the company has some tough expectations on their employees. You have to make everyday commitments and my manager looks down on you if they aren't met. My branch stays short handed and I see why. Glad I'm leaving next week. No matter how much you do, it's never enough. The pay is not much for the job and knowledge you have to have. I'm going somewhere else for same pay and less responsibilities. The customers are surveyed on their experience. If too low you have to be on coaching. If you like stress, never having a weekend off, and never seeing your family then this place is for you.","csa","Former Employee","Indiana","April 3, 2014","3.0"
"Great First Step","Tons of opportunity to start. Salary restriction. Opportunity to advance diminishes.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Kentwood, MI","April 2, 2014","3.0"
"Cooperative team","The various departments work hand in hand so the work gets done smoothly","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Branchbur, NJ","April 2, 2014","3.0"
"Good experience under Banking also experience under Merging banks","always multitasking, generating ideas to increase sales, managers very friendly. Very limited option to value education and match this with compensation.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Des Peres, MO","April 2, 2014","1.0"
"Engaging Environment"," this bank is a company that is innovative keeping with the technology to service today's clients. This a great company that is growing and building upon its brand.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Duluth, GA","April 2, 2014","4.0"
"I felt it was a great privledge to work for such a large company and learn so much about the corporate world.","I was able to implement the company policies well, I understood them and the need for them provided the government restrictions. I enjoyed the people I worked with and the outside vendors very much. The job was time sensitive, but I was able to complete it and do a good job. I won several awards for accuracy as well as productivity. I received a great deal of daily information that I still use today.","Home Loan Closer Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2014","4.0"
"Friendly atmosphere","Great place to work. Employee involvement. management was caring","Short Sale Negotiator","Former Employee","cleveland","April 1, 2014","5.0"
"HORRIFIC in Birmingham Alabama","DO NOT go to work for this bank in Birmingham, AL in particular the Birmingham West Region it is the most unethical and horrific work environment I've EVER worked for in my 10+years in bank management. The Regional Manager for B'ham West is beyond horrible and is why you will CONSTANTLY see positions open in the Birmingham/Tuscaloosa area, there is always approx. 20%-30% vacancy in positions in the Birmingham West market because of the regional manager and the unethical manner he will force upon employees to manipulate their sales results. DO NOT GO WORK FOR this bank in Birmingham, Alabama....DON'T DO IT!!! this bank is a great company but the Birmingham market operates under its on rules that are wrong.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","March 31, 2014","1.0"
"Great work/Life balance.","I feel that no matter what the difficulty or issue is outside of work they make time for you to balance it. Co-workers will work with you and it makes the job a lot less stressful knowing what is expected of you coming in and that goals are set to obtain and thrive.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2014","5.0"
"Changed banking and placed of work","-good pay. -expensive medical insurance options. -ok other benefits. -no life -work balance for in-store branches. -huge pressure for sales","Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","March 29, 2014","3.0"
" this bank has a great development program and offers great opportunities for hard working individuals","A typical day at work involves supporting 5-7 Senior Bankers through prospecting, cold calls, financial modeling, and creating pitch books to increase our market position in the southeast. Other day-to-day responsibilities include client interactions to provide products/services or solve issues, deliver Term Sheets/Commitment Letters, monitoring the deal process from execution to closing. I've learned that having a winning and can do attitude is important in this business. Being positive and open breeds success. More importantly, that building lasting relationships with both clients and co-workers is critical Management is key to the success of the team. However, in order for managers to be effective in their role, they need to have empowered employees who not only hold themselves accountable but also management. The Management team that I've worked for has had a tremendous amount of industry knowledge and had a great deal of success in banking. Being a Senior Associate supporting several Senior Bankers 'co-workers' is a great opportunity to learn and gain experience but also to build a personal relationship with your co-workers. My co-workers are a thoughtful group of people who are passionate about their role, clients, and ultimately winning but also share that same sense of passion as it relates to the team setting in the office. Each person wants to see the other person succeed and has always offered advice or ways that they could help an individual advance or accomplish a goal. The hardest part of the job is saying No. In an environment that is fun - more...","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 29, 2014","4.0"
"Great Co-workers","I work with a lot of great people. There really is no typical day, each day is different. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that in working with such great people, we can all learn from each other different aspects of our job.","Sr Loan Closer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 27, 2014","4.0"
"Good atmosphere for mid-market bank."," this bank Mortgage has a good management team and a great understanding of the market. They stay on top of new products and programs and provide a lot of support for their loan officers.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","March 27, 2014","4.0"
" this bank Investments - the good, the bad, the ugly","Work / Personal life balance was amazing - flexible hours, work from home ability, etc. Cant beat it. As with most companies, this bank's health insurance has taken a nose dive. The only options now are a high deductible plan or a higher deductible plan....sad. Upper management at the investment department has changed over the past couple years and not for the better.","Vice President","Former Employee","cleveland, ohio","March 27, 2014","4.0"
"Great job if you're looking for part time job or","This is a great job if you're looking for a part time job or retired. It's not a great job for a single mom or even parents looking to make a decent amount of money.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2014","3.0"
"great place to work","management not around a lot and part timers had to work every Saturday.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","South Lyon, MI","March 26, 2014","4.0"
"Management did not make you feel as if your work was good enough even though we received praise from the business groups I serviced.","Maintain over one thousand Windows servers. Responsible for working with business units to provide correct servers for the application. Maintained several applications that provided important audits for the bank which provided reports necessary for successful audit.","Senior Technical Platform Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2014","3.0"
"customer service","answering customer calls, dealing with financial accounts and products.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2014","3.0"
" this bank status employment","Hey guys I applied for a Postion with this bank. I was extanded the opportunity after I took the language test and I haven't heard from them since and I just checked the status and it said no longer inconsideration and I was told the date for training and all. Any feedback will be great.","teller","Current Employee","chicago","March 25, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place to work","Employees and managers are warm and friendly. Flexible with appointments and family. Opportunities to learn something new every day.","Teller","Current Employee","Shepherdsville, KY","March 25, 2014","5.0"
"not fun","The most enjoyable part was being my own boss. I really didn't learn anything the was just a temp. Job not my field.","maintenenance","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 25, 2014","1.0"
"Co-Workers","Typical day at the job is dealing with customers and trying to get all of our referrals with the customers that come into the branch. I learned a lot while at this bank. I learned how to be a role model and a leader within the work place. I also learned how to deal with customers on daily basis and give them the five star treatment. My Teller Supervisor is a great lady and anyone that has her as a manager would feel the same way. She motivates us to be the best we can be at the work site. The hardes part of this job is dealing with angry customers and trying to get all the information such as referrals done since this is a slow branch. The most enjoyable part is dealing with appreciated customers and building new relationships.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington DC","March 25, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced enviorment","Overall, this was a basic office enviornment with a chance to progress within the company. The management had an open door policy and I liked the pace of this job.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2014","3.0"
"Overall great job","Reviewed appraisals. set values, collected property related data via internet + othe sources. Fielded loan officer requests via phone and e-mail. Colaborated with management to exceed management expectations.","COLLATERAL REVIEWER","Former Employee","Remote, worked from home office.","March 24, 2014","4.0"
"Great Atmosphere","Processed checks worked in retail lock box department. Very fast paced.","Payment Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 24, 2014","5.0"
"no career growth","As a customer banking teller and mentor, my primary goal is to create a welcoming environment in the branch, build rapport and provide outstanding service to the bank clients and new employees. I am responsible for performing accurate account transactions which mirror the sales process (Opportunity Management, Needs Assessment, Present/Pitch, Fulfillment, and Follow Up) in my daily work to create a positive client experience.","Customer banking teller and new employee mentor","Current Employee","Cedar Knolls, NJ","March 21, 2014","5.0"
"Great working team that works together to meet our branch goals","I really enjoy working with this bank. I work mostly with the operations of the branch to make sure we stay in compliance with all the regulations that the bank has to follow. I feel like this bank is going to a more sales driven bank and my passion is with operations. I enjoy keeping up with all the reports I do as well as helping customers and maintaining the operation level needed to run the branch.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Raleigh NC","March 21, 2014","5.0"
"love the interaction with clients and co-workers","I truly enjoy my co-workers and helping the clients with their banking needs."," this bank BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Venice, FL","March 20, 2014","3.0"
"Pushy sales for little compensation","typical day includes servicing all customer accounts while trying to sell a this bank product.","Teller","Current Employee","Wake Forest, NC","March 20, 2014","3.0"
"A night at this bank","Come in at 4 assist the receiving department to prep the work for proof encoder. Correct and balance customer accounts to ensure they received the correct amount in their account. Encode when needed.","Operations Senior Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2014","5.0"
"Senior Account Executive","My day typically begins by working on scheduling, and follow up with Pre-planned appointments for the day. This is usually represented by about 90 percent Self Sourcing, and some Company Leads. I then spend about 1-2 Hours max reviewing my Pipeline Report for my existing Loans I am working on, and communicating directly with my Processor in follow up with my Clients. By 1pm, I am out on a direct Route I have established for myself, meeting and greeting with my Realtor base of around 20-25 Agents within a given week. I continue to build their Loyalty, and pull in Business for this bank. I cultivate multiple relationships within a given transaction from the Borrower, to the both the Seller, and Buying Agents all the way to the Closings with the Title Company. I usually average 4-5 Applications Per week that convert to 5-10 Closed Transactions Per Month. I love my job, but I simply need a new challenge in Sales.","Senior Account Executive","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 19, 2014","3.0"
"Nice call center work environment","Collect on past due accounts, assist with floor walking and escalated calls, assist with updating collection projects.","Senior Team Lead","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 19, 2014","5.0"
"High paced workplace with little room for advancement","Daily routine consists of managing the workflow production floor of over 50 employees in a high paced environment. I have learned to multitask duties to obtain optimum performance off employees in order to meet customer deadlines. Hardest part of my job is to gain the confidence of my fellow employees which takes time as well as learning to use the correct people skills with each individual employee. Most enjoyable part of my job would be each day gaining more knowledge of what I do. Example learning more of the system and trouble shooting problems. I believe the more empowdered you are the strong you are for your employees.","opertions work lead 1","Current Employee","itasca, illinois","March 19, 2014","3.0"
"Do not understand work/life","A typical day is expected routine. I enjoy to satisfy the client but tough to get vacation schedule needed, even request in 6 month advance.","Operator Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 18, 2014","2.0"
"A Productive And Growing Company That Feels Like A Second Family","A typical day at work is coming into a descent size work environment where you are around professional experienced individuals that are very friendly and very helpful when needed. There is a lot of training involved due to different changes within your position or the company What I really like is how your managers go to bat for their employees when certain departments have escalations in regards to the mortgage loans that you are currently working on. this bank treats their employees like the professionals that we are to where we aren't strapped to our chairs or have to ask to get up from our desk. It's a great work environment and time really flies due to you staying busy. This company is constantly growing and I have repeatedly recommended it to others, and I always continue to do so.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great Company","Great company. I've truly enjoyed working at this bank. Good corporate culture, very team oriented. The benefits and pay have also been good.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Riverdale, MD","March 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great Team atmosphere","People treat you like family genuinely care about how you are doing and offer to help if there is anything wrong","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 18, 2014","5.0"
"A typical day for me is described below","I open the branch, make sure the tellers have enough cash to handle the needs of the day. We have a sales meeting where we set our daily sales goals and how we are going to achieve them. I provide quality customer to my customers. I coach my tellers so they can achieve the desired results as well as making sure they are providing quality customer service. We have a wrap up meeting to see how everyone did and what we can change to achieve the goals we set in the morning.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Bloomfield, MI","March 18, 2014","4.0"
"Customer Service","A typical work day would be assisting customers with hew accounts, making deposits, and withdraws.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 17, 2014","3.0"
"Great Company","Great Company to work for! Work life balance and training are first rate.","Regional Sales Service Support Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 17, 2014","5.0"
"Please see resume.","Trust Officer responsible for fiduciary management of over 100 accounts comprising of investment management, custody, trusts, estates, and retirement accounts. Participated in sales effort, which included initial contact with prospects to discuss trust and estate planning needs. Prepared comprehensive asset reports for clients in order to identify estate and financial planning needs. Assisted clients with the funding of trusts and handled the administration of wills and decedent's estates. Worked closely with local professionals to source new business as well as bring in local professionals to assist with client's estate and financial planning needs. Developed relationships with local professionals in the Fredericksburg area including attorneys, tax professionals, accounting firms, financial planners, insurance specialists, Realtors, home health care providers, funeral home directors, hospitals, nursing homes, probate and circuit court clerks and area commissioners of accounts.","Trust Officer","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 17, 2014","5.0"
"Large company and easy to get lost in","Your just a number. Easy to not be noticed. Round hole in square peg.","METRICS and ANALYTICS SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 16, 2014","3.0"
"Productive workplace with great compensation.","Most enjoyable part of the job are you this bank BANK customers.Although the job does require you to push products that may or may not fit every customer.","FINANICAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","fredericksburg, va","March 14, 2014","4.0"
" this bank is a company that provides great benefits to their customers and employees.","At this bank we provided all financial services to Customers, from Retail Banking needs, to Mortgage and loan services, etc. I learned the importance of building good relationships with customers so that they will consider the company as their first and primary source for all financial needs, services, and products. Management consisted of hardworking, dedicated individuals who strived hard to make this bank one of the best companies to work for; and provide great financial services and products to consumers and businesses My co-workers were also very hardworking, team players that were aware of this bank expectations and motto; these employees represented the company well. I was very proud to be part of that team of individuals.","Default Services","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 13, 2014","4.0"
"Productuve Workplace","Sending car titles to either customers, insurance companies, credit unions, or dealerships once the loan has been paid in full. No question is a stupid question. Know where your work is coming from, how to do it and where it goes after it leaves your desk.","Collateral Associate Clerk I","Current Employee","Consumer Loan Center Pittsburgh, PA. 15222","March 12, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","best consumer, and business banking in the market. Work consists of daily quick start huddles, where the goals and objectives of the day are laid out, following with a focus daily on one or two sales and service areas. Working with all levels of management was very easy and all management seemed to be hands on.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Columbus Ohio","March 12, 2014","5.0"
"Fun workplace with valuable life skills","Excellent management. Good, hard-working employees. Opportunity to earn valuable and insightful financial tools that can be both used in and out of the workplace. Primarily accountable for the efficient execution of the customer experience, and realization of growth goals set for the branch, as well as, ensuring that our customers experience excellent service and satisfaction in all contacts at the teller line. • Contribute to ensure that the branch can satisfy its growth and revenue plans through the attainment of all sales referral goals established • Ensure excellent teller operational performance through adherence to and compliance with all policies and procedures • Products knowledge includes checking accounts, savings accounts, this bank Virtual Wallet, basic lending and other consumer banking products.","Teller","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","March 12, 2014","4.0"
" this bank Mortgage, the newest division of this bank.","• Typical banking hours, 8-4:30pm. • Thoroughly educated on operations management. • Strong team environment among peer employees. • Pro: Steady pipeline. • Con: Software mis-management.","Mortgage Operations Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","March 11, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","Great position for just starting. Pay is not the best but the people are easy to work with. Hard for advancement based on company rules.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Jamesburg, NJ","March 11, 2014","4.0"
"Great Experiance","This was my first professional career. This has given me a wonderful start to finding my career.","Teller","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","March 10, 2014","5.0"
"OK job","The job is ok if you could get enough hours to pay to drive into work.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Chillicothe, OH","March 10, 2014","3.0"
"Job Culture","Working for this bank was great. They were always rewarding us and recognizing employees. I just wish they paid better and gave more room for higher salaries.","Underwriting Team Lead","Former Employee","Whitehall, Ohio","March 10, 2014","4.0"
"It is a nice company but hard to advance when you have a degree in MBA.","I am thankful for the job, I just want to do and learn more about what the company does.","Monitoring and Control Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 9, 2014","4.0"
"Great Company, Horrible Compensation Plans","Overall this bank is a good place to work. However, they have a tough compensation package for entry level employees aspiring to gain a higher position. If you start off on the low end of a salary range, more than likely you will stay there no matter how many promotions you receive.","HR Representative","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","March 9, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","The most enjoyable part of the job was getting people in accounts that best suited their needs. Peers are supportive in teamwork.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA","March 9, 2014","1.0"
"Great company"," this bank is a great place to work. A typical day is challenging but exciting. this bank has experienced an enormous amount of growth over the past 10 years, and this has resulted in a lot of change.","Sebior Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","March 7, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed the interaction with the public.","Wonderful hours, very structured day. Nice customers and coworkers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ocean City, MD","March 7, 2014","4.0"
"Don't believe the hype","They typically don't promote from within. I worked in one of their newer markets and they treated the people that were acquired from the other banks like they were dirt. The people they hired in from the other banks, though, were the golden ones until they wanted to get rid of them. There are good people that work there but they are in the branches. The people at regional level and above are horrible. My regional manager would berate managers on conference calls while others listened in. The hardest part of the job was working for someone who treated people this way. The best part was the people in the branch. The expectations are unreal and when you aren't hitting goal they beat you up but when you exceed goal there is no recognition. The company is a joke.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","United States","March 7, 2014","1.0"
"Forward thinking company; ideal positioning for building a career in finance","My work day typically involves financial reporting and analysis related to my line of business within the bank. This involves database research as well as regular and open commnications with colleagues and segment partners. Any downtime leaves the opportunity to explore avenues of development such as various trainings and/or presentations offered by the bank. The most enjoyable part of the job is that it is easy to come across and learn something new all the time. It hepls to be able to stay abreast of the constant changes in the industry.","Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2014","4.0"
"Growing Bank in The Atlanta Area","Powerful Bank that has a lot of potential in the Atlanta area, but needs to be more selective with the choosing of their executive leadership in the market. Upper management is not as competent in b2b sales process needed for a new market","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 6, 2014","3.0"
"Stable job but not a career","Overall a decent place to work. I am speaking from a corporate function side and do notice a difference between corporate and line of business specific cultures. Good luck trying to advance in this bank and if you do decide to take an opportunity to work here - make sure you negotiate all you can up front cause annual increases are in the 2-3% range and the bonus plan is horrible. All the compensation stays at the top in this enterprise and there is no motivation to do anymore than the bare minimum required by your role. There is an upside as if you are at the end of your career or need a 9-5 job that does not require much after-hours focus due to personal/family obligations. That said - if you are mid career - this is not the place for you as you will be held back from a development perspective.","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 6, 2014","3.0"
"teller","I learned a lot about finances and banking. I know the ins and outs of banking in all aspects.","Retail Banker","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","March 5, 2014","5.0"
"Competetive Business Solutions","Team Meeting in the morning followed by coaching and feedback observations. Outbound small business calls focusing on 1 million in revenue and less Sending agendas out to set the stage for the meeting. Delivering excellent customer service, top 3 Five Star branches in Alabama measured by Gallup. Schedule appointments with Eco Partners to uncover COI in my area. Recruiting and Training for all this bank branches. Overcoming obstacles and providing solutions.","Small Business Banker","Current Employee","Birmingham, Al","March 5, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and great working enviroment"," this bank was a great company to work for. I was impressed with the amount of training that they provide. The only item I would address is there seems to be a lack of communication within the company overall. The recruiting processes for new hires needs work. Seems to be many shortfalls in this area.","Sales Quality Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 5, 2014","4.0"
"Productive","Very good company to work for with great benefits for employees.","Full time Personal Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","March 4, 2014","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","Started like every other banking day and had audits, customer service, goals, vault, cahs handling, coaching and mentoring.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","March 3, 2014","5.0"
"Great job for single parents","A typical day at work is 8:15 to 5:15 Monday- Friday you will take a training course for a week and the instructor teach you everything you will need to about how to be a teller. I have a awesome Branch Manager that is understanding and always willing to help us out. I enjoy interacting with the customers and meeting their needs. Our branch are more like family members than just co-works. The hardest part of the job is being knowledgeable about the products that they offer I learn something new everyday. I am glad that I took the job because this bank believe in their employers and they are family orientate company.","Teller","Current Employee","Talladega, AL","March 2, 2014","4.0"
"Great learning enviornment!","A typical day of work includes diversity in a fast paced environment. You are able to achieve and grow within company. Great environment for growth!","Teller Supervisor I","Current Employee","Township of Monroe, NJ","February 28, 2014","4.0"
"OK place to work, promotions are difficult","This branch is considered a banking center which means it has higher volumes of transactions and customers on a daily basis. I handle many different types of transactions including cashing checks, deposits, payments, etc. I am also responsible for referring customers for different products this bank as to offer including credit cards, investments, and different types of accounts. Co-workers are great, management is ok.","Teller","Current Employee","Robinson, PA","February 28, 2014","4.0"
"It's been over 15 years since I work for this bank.","I enjoy my time when I work for the bank because I learn how to manage my finances. as well as learning about Mortgages and customer service.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 28, 2014","4.0"
"Rewarding Financial Career","Daily working with a team in a service and sales environment to deepen client relationships and share of wallet to increase revenue through cross-sale opportunities to meet clients needs/ goals/ desires. Most enjoyable piece of this position at this bank is that you bring value to clients financial well-being that changes their lives forever. It is very rewarding Hardest part is coaching a team as a whole versus in individual settings since each member of the team has separate skill sets, expertise, learning techniques, and incentive structures. I have learned that as long as you act in the better interest of the client you will always be successful.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Melbourne, FL","February 28, 2014","3.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","productive and fun workplace, had a WII system in the breakroom, needed a lunch counter.","Team Lead - Sr. Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville FL","February 27, 2014","4.0"
"Fun and Challenging job","My typical consist of providing excellent customer service with everyday banking needs and suggesting products and services that may be valuable to customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","February 27, 2014","4.0"
"valuable place to work.","To work at a bank is to receive the greatest lesson to survive as an indepant adult in both the business world or life in general. You learn the in and out of many accounts. For example, checking, saving, ira, investments, business, lines of credit etc.","Back-up Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 27, 2014","5.0"
"mixed experience","I wanted to become a licensed broker, and found it impossible to transfer into another department. After many attempts to move up or into another area, I was hired at Vanguard (a mutual fund) company near Philadeplphia, and presented this bank with my offer. It was very disappointing that after years of honing my skills, opportunities for advancement were not open were I was employed.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 26, 2014","5.0"
"Working at this bank was a Great Experience!","A typical day at work for me was serving my wonderful customers. Always giving them the best 5 star Customer Service!!","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Indianapolis, In","February 25, 2014","5.0"
"Management","Working in a multi-layered management organization can be both challenging and rewarding. Working with several different managerial leaders has given me the opportunity to become myself a better leader.","Vice President","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 24, 2014","4.0"
"An experienced professional with a great work ethic working in a productive environment.","Working at this bank has taught me valuable lessons of interfacing and communicating with clients and has effectively helped me to work with a team of mutual goals.","Office Manager","Current Employee","Melville, NY","February 23, 2014","5.0"
"Competitive and changing work environment","There is no average day here - your day will be determined by the customers who walk in the door. Fast-paced environment with high goals.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lebanon, IN","February 23, 2014","3.0"
"It was an good company"," this bank is a good place to work it's well organized and they put costumers first.","Check Processor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 22, 2014","5.0"
"First job at this bank","Good experience to start my career. Good first step into the accounting and hedge fund industry","Alternative Investment Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, de","February 21, 2014","4.0"
"Interaction with the customers with games/trivia ability to help them acheive their dream","Come in to open the branch getting it set up for the days work. Quick start. Banking has changed and its more than just making deposits for customers and withdrawals. Ive learned how to spot investments and wealth management accounts. I've learned how to take applications for auto loans and personal lines of credit. My co-workers are very supportive and we work as a team which is great! The hardest part of the job is trying to navigate customers to the atm and to get them to the branch...especially after a long day at work. The most enjoyable part of my job is working with the public, I really enjoy working with people","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Largo Maryland","February 19, 2014","2.0"
"A very nice company to work for.","I have always wanted to work for this bank, so when I finally got a call for an interview I was excited and ready to go. Before I got the job I was claiming it was mine. There are so many people in the company that want you to succeed and assist you with moving up. The only thing that bothers me is the way management is set up.","Registered Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2014","5.0"
" this bank Review","A typical day at this bank will be spent cashing or depositing checks. You must balance your drawer two, to three times, daily. Once when you come in to work, and once mid day, and always once before you leave. Each teller is given their own drawers. Management was perfect, along with co workers. The hardrest part of the job is dealing with dificult customers and balancing your drawer. If you are more than ten dollars off, a manager must audit you before you leave work. The most enjoyable part of the job was being apart of a team that legitimately cares about you and has your back. Like soldiers in the trenches of World War I, being a part of a teller team has similar sentiments of fellowship.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hanover, PA","February 18, 2014","5.0"
"Nice staff to work with","Productive and challenging Worked with the public one on one as well as on the phone. I had the opportunity to work with people from all walks of life. I believe this is my strength.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","February 18, 2014","3.0"
"Great work place!","Awesome work environment, Awesome Managers, and Awesome co-workers The co workers are willing to lend a helping hand, work at your pace with little supervision.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","February 18, 2014","4.0"
"Great internship place","-Strong culture. -Great exposure to various business areas. -Growing business"," this bank Advisor Internship","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 18, 2014","4.0"
"hard selling required","I only worked there for a few months. I liked my Manager and co-workers. Manager has retired. I worked on the teller line doing various client transactions related to all banking aspects for tellers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 17, 2014","2.0"
