"bank","Teller transactions as payments, deposits and withdraws.. Customer Servic Really good enviroment place. In charge of the AT Vault custodia Daily reconciliations. Audits","Back-up Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","February 3, 2015","5.0"
"Good atmosphere, room to advance","Overall good experience at this bank. There are any opportunities to move up if you are willing to work hard. Very good experience with management.","Implementations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2015","4.0"
"*","Not a fan of the hour lunches. Feel like it's a waste of time. Also, feeling like there is no balance between work and life is hard.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 2, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to work but could be better.","The pay is in the lower range of the industry but they treat their employees very well and are very big on the work life balance.","Change Management","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2015","4.0"
"Yes","Installed, Configured and administered WebLogic server 10.3.6 for development, testing and production environment on RHEL6.4 platform. Installed and configured Apache 2.2 with Oracle WebLogic Application server.","WebLogic Administrator","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 2, 2015","4.0"
"Great company","Company provides support and opportunities to all employees. Overall great experience in the private client group. Would recommend this group to all bankers.","AVP - Private Client Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Swarthmore, PA","February 1, 2015","5.0"
"Just another corporation","Being a teller is not mentally challenging, but corporate requirements and training will make you feel like you're an idiot who needs to be told common sense things at least three times a day Have you seen Office Space You will be told the same thing by multiple bosses. You will be ridiculed and penalized for doing non-work things even when there hasn't been anyone at the bank in hours. You will be lectured about how you should be getting more people to sign up for accounts no matter how well you're doing or how implausible the goal. You may work with great people, but you shouldn't think anyone is your friend, no matter how much it seems like this bank is trying to encourage you to have a best friend at work. If you don't have a college degree and don't mind going through the monotony and company grind, there are some opportunities for advancement that may benefit you. Also, your experience may be very different depending on where you work. I visited many different branches in the central Illinois area and your daily experience is largely determined by your co-workers. Some branches are much more laid back and willing to laugh with you, and others will be filled with supervisors who will, at every opportunity, try to repress your individuality and diminish your self-worth.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","February 1, 2015","3.0"
"I was unhappy with everything at this bank","the Management was unprofessional. The guidelines were unclear. The was no help or chance for advancement. I felt alone when I had questions. It seemed that everyone was micro managed so much so that it took the personality of of the employee.","Fincial Sales Consultant - the FSC","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 30, 2015","1.0"
"Productive work envioronment with an excellent moral amongst team members.","A typical days would consist of with the basics which included entering the borrowers' information into the system and then creating a file for each. I reviewed each loan request thoroughly to determine what type of vendor items I would need to order and what documentation I may need from the customer to process their loan application. Additionally, the vendor items I would order would be title policy, flood certification, appraisal, Hazard Insurance, Condo blanket insurance policy. I learned in this business how to adapt to change very quickly as a Lenders' guidelines can change quite often and as a Processor/Credit Analyst it is our responsibility to adhere to the guidelines to ensure we have a sale able credit worthy loan. The hardest part of this job was obtaining cash contributions from the seller for the short sale they were trying to get approved.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 29, 2015","5.0"
"Loved working for the company","Back issues which kept me from efficiently performing excel level.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 29, 2015","3.0"
"It is fun to work in a micro management department","I like this company we treat each other like a family. I learned how to handle different kind of job functions.","Remittance Clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","January 29, 2015","4.0"
" this bank is a good company overall."," this bank is a great company to work for but they need to train their employees on everything, not just opening accounts, if they want their employees to sell their product, they need a class on just that! They expect you to know everything on your own.","Teller","Former Employee","Belleville, MI","January 29, 2015","2.0"
"great place to work","great place to work, great benefits and enjoyed my time there.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Unadilla, GA","January 28, 2015","4.0"
"ok"," this bank did try to appreciate their employees. They even had a week where they did things for the employees. I have no complaints about working here. It was nice to have holidays off. I would recommend this company to someone looking for a job","Lockbox associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 28, 2015","3.0"
"not happy","not happy there, compensation is not worth the amount of work put in, management is not where it should be. Sales goals are required, but if customer service score for branch is low then you lose all the sales you accomplished.","Back up Supervisor","Current Employee","mt vernon, oh","January 27, 2015","1.0"
"Community Involvement","Working at the Flint Housing was the most satisfying roles I have ever had. I learned that people are so underserved and need constant support with a variety of services from life skill to education. I had a great manager who made sure I understood the goals and the expectations of him and the organization.","Vice President - Business Banker II","Current Employee","Tucker, GA","January 27, 2015","5.0"
"Great people and place to work","I am currently in a rotational development program. Management is great and really seems to care about your progress.","Leadership Development Program","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 27, 2015","4.0"
"Very Relaxed Atmosphere","I am very interactive with my co workers in balancing ideas or exchanging product knowledge. I am a very understanding and an excellent communicator. If I'm on the phone my personality relays just as well as if I'm physically in person with that individual. I am a very fast and efficient learner and adjust very well with change and transitioning within the office environment.","Customer Care Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 27, 2015","5.0"
"overall good employee experience","bad management led to very stressful days not enough employees at my particular branch to service the customers adequately lack of employee engagement and ethic makes it stressful","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Cranberry Twp pa","January 26, 2015","5.0"
" this bank Mortgage has a wonderful diverse culture.","The position I held was a call center environment and consisted of making outbound calls and intercepting inbound calls from customers and authorized personnel in order to assist with applying for loss mitigation, discuss loss mitigation options, process mortgage payments, discuss or explain needed documentation, and/or to begin foreclosure proceedings. I learned various databases and strengthened my organization and prioritization skills. I working with management on special projects and assisted with the training of new employees and/or the re-training of seasoned employees. The co-workers are wonderful and are from various life types which I throughly enjoyed. The hardest part of the job was declining modification assistance to customers but the most rewarding part was being able to offer modification assistance.","Loss Mitigation Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 26, 2015","4.0"
"I love working at this bank. Greate company culture.","I love working at this bank. This is a great place to work. The company culture is great. The work life balance is appreciated.","Lead Project Delivery Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 26, 2015","5.0"
"Does not hire contract employees","Can not provide adaquate review as I'm only a temporary employee.","Temporary Contract Paralegal","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 25, 2015","3.0"
"A challenging and rewarding work environment.","An emphasis on teamwork creates the best kind of atmosphere to be productive My ongoing training and testing whether it's courses on the ever changing government regulations or product knowledge provides me the platform to help guide clients in the best possible way to achieve their financial goals. When done right this is mutually beneficial for all, which gives me great satisfaction.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 24, 2015","5.0"
"bad","I was not happy working for this bank unfortunately they promote salesmen to be managers without management growth and that's not righ they need to learn more about management and provide their employees with special training to be a manger","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Centreville, VA","January 23, 2015","1.0"
"CULTURE is good","Good work enviroment to learn areas to sharpen, the leadership role is great!!!"," this bank BANK","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 23, 2015","5.0"
"If you enjoy being told what to do and how to do it, this company is for you!","Benefits package is decent, salary is below industry standard. Great people to work with. Autonomous thinking is not encouraged by management.","Vice President","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 23, 2015","2.0"
"Great appraisl team players","Typical day is knowing how well I was there to help in ever department I can in order to process the loan.. I have learned allot in the appraisal department, I felt really comfortable with all my team mates. Management was great with all the employees.. Days were very easy working with the Vendor. Hardest part was just waiting for a reply from a email..","Contractor","Former Employee","Downer Grove IL","January 22, 2015","5.0"
"Co-workers","Management is not the easiest to work with, the most enjoyable part of the job was the customers.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Purcellville Va","January 21, 2015","3.0"
"customer service","Some days we are very busy with customers and other days not so much. I act as a teller and a customer service rep. Both areas are very demanding. As a teller I would take in cash deposits and also disperse money. I also open accounts, credit cards, and help customers with their existing accounts to make sure that they are in the best account that will make the most money for them.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","McKeesport, PA","January 21, 2015","4.0"
"Do not do it","The only good thing I can say about this bank is that the customers are awesome!!!! Management is out for themselves. They come and go as they feel say whatever they want to say to staff ( even racist things) and are lazy. I was so happy to leave that place to start my internship.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","January 21, 2015","1.0"
"It's a job.","A decent place to work but the management needs to listen to employee concerns more often.","Financial Services Consultant III","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 20, 2015","4.0"
"Energetic and positive work environment","Great place to work.01 Philanthropic opportunities through the Grow Up Great program and many and a positive environment.","Total Rewards","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 20, 2015","5.0"
"Great Work Environment","Helped to resolve customer issues and open new account. I gave recommendations to customer to better their financial situation. Helped customer investment for retirement and have peace of mind for the future.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 20, 2015","5.0"
"Project work, not enough to make an opinion","didn't work here for long. Project work and a bland environment. People rarely talked to eachother, but thats just where I was at. This was the corporate building, not a branch.","IT Migration Technician","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 19, 2015","3.0"
"Enjoyable Place to work, Typical Corpoate Environment"," this bank is a friendly environment and offers a lot of resources to their employees. this bank University offers free training to advance your knowledge of the industry. My experience of management has been a good one. I have a manager that understands work/life balance and is in-tune with our needs as an employee. The most frustrating part of the job is the forever changing decisions of upper management. If there is a process change, it usually comes quick and without explanation.","Supplier Oversight Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2015","4.0"
"Good company to work for.","My job with this bank consisted of dealing with the personnel files for the employees in several markets, such as Pittsburgh. My day was made up of printing the list of new hires that a file needed to be made for. Then I would go into the system that generated the documents that were to go into the file, and file labels were printed. I also would deal with managers that needed to review a file for hiring purposes. I would sit with an employee while they looked over their file when they requested to do so I was given special projects to do as well. I found these to be a good learning tool that helped me with my job. M","HR Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","January 19, 2015","5.0"
"My job was very fulfilling and I was very confident in my abilities.","My management skills were not forceful and I treated my employees with respect. I would not ask them to perform duties that I would not know and perform. I tried to keep a friendly but business like atmosphere in my department. My employees respected me and always gave me an above average rating.","Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 18, 2015","4.0"
"Awesome bank","Great place to work for. A lot of potential for growth. No micro-managing at this place. Freedom to explore your talents","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","January 18, 2015","5.0"
"Fun working place to be","assisted customers with daily transactions, withdraws, transfers","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington Township, NJ","January 17, 2015","5.0"
"Productive work place","I was employed with this bank for close to 13years and during this time, the company was very good to me. I was disappointed that my position was eliminated due to a lay off but I believe that even though this was quite detrimental, there is something better in store for me.","DOCUMENT PROCUREMENT SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 16, 2015","4.0"
"Good Job/Bad Management","The job itself was good with okay benefits and pay. The management wasn't very fair however and you would get in trouble for mistakes you didn't make. It seems like they're moving towards eliminating tellers altogether as a company and a lot of their competitors pay more.","Teller","Former Employee","Uniontown PA","January 16, 2015","2.0"
"Good company to start in banking.","This is a good company to work for and get started in banking.","Financial Service Consultant","Current Employee","North Carolina","January 15, 2015","4.0"
"Very Good","Worked for this company for 3 years, Very good management team at the time.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","January 15, 2015","4.0"
"Challenging yet simple","I love working for this bank, NA. The job is at a steady, productive pace.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2015","5.0"
"Not a good job for me","did not like this job at all. after 90 day trial period both the company and I knew this was not the job for me.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","fort pierce florida","January 14, 2015","1.0"
"Fast pace and fun place to work","A typical day of work at this bank consists of constant Bank transactions which progressively and consistently made me better at my job as a teller. It taught me that i can deal with various and or any type of customer with accuracy patience and kindness. The management at the bank was efficient and fair. My co-workers were great, we helped each other and relied on each other on an hourly basis. The hardest part of the job at this bank was on paydays. I had to efficiently and quickly handle the customers transactions and relate to them, while keeping the length of the line to a minimum in the drive way and in the bank at the same time, which was also the funnest part of my job..","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","January 12, 2015","3.0"
"Enjoyed the teller position","A typical day was learning new skills in the banking institution. Co-workers were an enjoyable team to work with.","Teller","Former Employee","Carbondale, PA","January 12, 2015","5.0"
"Interresting and challenging workplace","Great Company. Always busy and challenged with interesting projects.","SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","January 12, 2015","5.0"
"production and deadline driven environment","Conduct meeting with business sponsors to elicit requirements. Translate the business requirements into User Stories. Met with the development team and QA team to review the requirements to make sure its clearly understood. Assist PM run daily scrums.","Banking","Current Employee","Irving, TX","January 10, 2015","4.0"
"Rewarding in regards to helping the customers but frustrating in regards to quality of life and balancing paperwork with service","Meeting and speaking with a diverse group of people is wonderful. I have learned how to network with people and help people understand how money management affects other areas of their life. Therefore, successful management is necessary. This position allowed me to combine my ability to teach with understanding finance to help people create, meet and exceed their goals. this bank prides itself on its core values but this is a skewed perspective. I have found quality of life is contingent upon the mindset of the manager which determines if this core value is exercised The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the large amounts of paper work, being expected to perform well in sales and being relational with customers without selling unwanted or needed products simultaneously.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 10, 2015","3.0"
"Teller, Carmichaels PA","Worst company I have ever worked for. The turn over rate is astronomical. When I got hired I had no 'hands on' training, was thrown right into the position. The TS at the branch is horrible, mean and arrogant. Not family orientated business what so ever as they make their selfs out to be. Was promised I would be working 30 hours a week, with benefits and vacation time, got none of the above. The first of the year was cut down to 22 hours. No room for advancedment. Would not recommend anyone to work here!","Bank Teller II","Former Employee","Carmichaels, PA","January 8, 2015","1.0"
"Great place to work, awesome people, great job opportunity","It has been a real pleasure working at this bank. I have made a lot of great friends both peers and with management. The learning is pretty much hands on so if you're into that type of working environment this is the place for you. There is so much opportunity with this company, plenty of room to move up and expand.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Rydal, PA","January 8, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to learn and easy to grow within company","Easy to take trascations from customers. Easy environment to learn from. Opening and closing accounts. Helping customers with their everyday money management. Balancing cash drawers at the end of the day.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","manassas, va","January 7, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work","This job was a great place to work. It paid very well, was flexible and the people there were more like family than co-workers.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","January 6, 2015","5.0"
"Production and deadlines","• Extracting checks and remittances from envelopes; verifying that check is negotiable based on customer specific instructions • Keying check amounts through Fidelity Investments system. • Analyzing in data services and keying data entry accounts through RIDS & Fidelity Investments system. • Scanning images of A/R extraction and OCR pre-extraction • Processing checks arriving via UPS, FedEx, DHL, and customer walk ins. • Manually sorting incoming mail in mail bins • Distributing RBC, A/R & OCR mail to the correct departments. • Look up RBC accounts to sort them in the correct mail bins. • Follow the 5-step process to negotiate check by verifying the payee, the written dollar amount, the numeric dollar amount, the MICR line, and restrictive notations. • Scanned and encoded check batches with and without scan lines. • Processing RBC, OCR, and Red work flow payments.","Operations Sr Specialist","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 4, 2015","5.0"
"Upper Management does not care","I worked there as a branch manager and it was the worse place I have worked at in a long time. I was told by some to be aware of the Regional manager and upper management, but I thought maybe they were just an upset employee who quit, but I found out how so true. My boss maybe came to my branch twice in 2 years and was no support. Was cursed out by a disgruntle employee and upper management asked for the employee to come back to work. No Support!!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 4, 2015","2.0"
"na","• Advised customers on banking options that are available to them. • Conducted deposits and cash withdrawals for customers. • Completed daily balance current, cash, and checks in cash drawer. • Supervised teller line, as well as, directly interact with customers on the platform. • Trained new employees on banking policies, procedures, and computer operations. • Coached employees on enhancing their customer service skills in order to maintain banking relations.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","East Orange, NJ","January 4, 2015","3.0"
"Wonderful Place","Great place to work at. The team environment was wonderful. I love my job even though the merge cause a lot of people to lose their job. I would recommend this job to friends and family. I still have friends that are working there and really enjoy the atmosphere and the benefits.","Dispute Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 4, 2015","5.0"
"Productive company"," Very responsible company to work for. Learned a lot and gained knowledge in conducting money transactions; Setting up accounts; Accepting deposits and withdrawals; Processing loan payments; Transferring money between accounts; Cashing checks;","Bank Teller - Account Representative","Former Employee","Ocean City , MD","January 1, 2015","5.0"
" this bank/Teller","This position was one which required minimal experience in the field. This was my first employment with a financial institution. There was also minimal challenge. The job was pleasant as were the customers. Any knowledge that was needed for the position was taught during training out of a training facility for this bank. Previous experience I had likely helped guide me to think this to be a very minimally challenging experience for me, as I had already dealt with customers, handled cash and processed transactions regularly. All in all this was a pleasant experience, but I preferred a bit more of a challenge which is why I resigned to focus more on obtaining my Bachelor's degree more quickly. If the pay were better, I would have likely stayed and tried to progress further in the company, but it was not what I was looking for.","Teller","Former Employee","5350 Johnson Road","December 31, 2014","4.0"
"Professional Workplace","You will meet a wide variety of people from co-workers to clients. If banking is your passion then this could be the place for you.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","December 30, 2014","4.0"
"High Turnover Rate","A typical day at work depends on what area you work in, In the PG county area the branch is always busy and the management was always focused on sales and what could you get from the customers they didn't care about what the customer actually needed or didn't need they just wanted us to sell. The work job life and work life balance was very uncompromising because we worked 8hrs a day Saturday through Monday and Sunday we were open for five hrs as well as certain holidays so only your vacation was a way to get away and actually enjoy some home life. There was never any job security at this bank they looked at you as a liability if you didn't earn them money or if you were costing them money and advancement was chosen by not how hard you work but the major of the advancement I've seen came by favoritism. If there is a turn around in management the job culture would be a lot better because the stress starts small but when the stress builds from the upper class management down it shows throughout the company down to the FSC so this bank as a company needs to work on their management and job culture as a whole. The compensation....WHAT the whole breakdown and system that they have is ridiculous I never was satisfied with my quarterly earnings plus it took to long to receive such antipated income....sorry wasn't good enough for me!! The benefits well you still pay more out your pocket then what they cover so there you go!! It was a interesting experience and I met interesting people but I am blessed to have found somewhere else that cares for me and actually cares about the customer and not the - more...","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Hyattsville, MD","December 30, 2014","3.0"
"The Employee Comes First!","At this bank, your opinions seem to count. There is a great culture of inclusion and respect through weekly district calls, yearly employee surveys, and continuous learning & coaching.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","December 29, 2014","5.0"
"Great Culture, Genuinely Care about clients","I've worked for this bank for years and they are successful by doing what's in our clients best interest. They do not product push and goals are attainable. Culture is fun and you build relationships with co-workers. The only con I have about this bank is their compensation to loyal and long standing team members.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","December 28, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work!","This was my first job. It taught me a lot about work ethic and focus. I became close friends with all of my co-workers and I would go back if I could.","ITEM PROCESSOR","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2014","4.0"
"Going in the right direction.","I honestly can say I love my job. After doing something similar at another large bank, you can tell this bank does things a bit differently. I feel like upper management cares about me, knows my name, and treats me fairly. Everyday I'm home around 5:15 which promotes great work/life balance. I feel like I have enough time to do the work asked of me, and if I have a question I know I can reach out to quite a few people to help The ONE thing I don't like is the training. It's very minimal and inconvenient. I think I could've benefited from more training than just a week, there's a lot to learn! Other than that, this bank is a great place to work.","Teller supervisor","Current Employee","Indiana","December 24, 2014","5.0"
"Productive and was not conflicting with personal life","I loved the atmosphere and the people that I worked with. The only reason that I was not able to stay was because of my school schedule","Senior Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","December 23, 2014","5.0"
"Good work balance","Sustained pressure to meet production targets Learnt to be able direct one self.","Lockbox","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","December 21, 2014","3.0"
"A nice and a professional working place","In a typical working day i had a great team of workers,good supervision by managers.Obviously the hardest part is the end of the day where you balance your cash drawer to prove you had no shortages or overages.The fun aspect is convincing customers to subscribe to a particular product","Bank teller","Current Employee","Paterson, NJ","December 21, 2014","5.0"
"Productive work place.","A typical day at this bank can vary from many things account openings, account closings, debit/credit card transactions, money orders, cashiers checks, international wire transfers. Garda pick-up currency orders. Also a significant amount of cash handling The management at this bank means well. Very well focused on how our numbers look and the money we have coming in and out of the branch. Management at this bank works hard on our team to make us the best of the best but lacks on making us feel like the best. We're always pointed out on our flaws and not so much our strong points. Working for this bank you're never going to be at the top of your game, there is always something you lack on My co-workers at this bank are like a second family we are our own little team and we are always there for one another. We know when to get things done, how to and we know when we can sit back and relax because we know the job is done correctly The hardest part of my career with this bank is getting recognition for the hard work you do day in and day out seven days a week. Working out every unresolved issue and problem with peoples accounts or just giving them a peace of mind on some confusion is hard work knowing everyday you walk in those doors you never know what is going to be brought to your attention or brought to the table The most enjoyable part of my job is seeing a customer walk out of those doors with a smile on their face knowing they can trust me and that they have all there finances in the right hands. Knowing when that customer comes back they are going to be the most loyal customer a business - more...","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","State college, PA","December 20, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","Typical day at work is getting on the phones and helping customers. We would have team meetings and did many cool team related training activities. Training was extensive. 90+ days of training. Bonded well with my co-workers.","Outreach Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 19, 2014","5.0"
"productive","great place to work. the employers care about you as a person.","Teller","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","December 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great for college grads","I started working at this bank when I graduated from college and it was good to learn how to work in a fast pace environment. Now the pay is not great at all but the experience you can not put a price on","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Morrestown, NJ","December 18, 2014","3.0"
"Supervising many direct reports, relationship banking no force selling","Supervising many direct reports, relationship banking no force selling","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","December 17, 2014","5.0"
"Regional Facilitator","I manage new hire employees upon entrance to the company. Complete their I9 and EEV verifications. Training entry level to executives on job various job descriptions. traveling 75% of the time on the east coast","Regional Facilitator","Current Employee","Regional headquarters in Washington Dc","December 16, 2014","2.0"
"Worked my way up","When I started there, I started in lock box as just data entry, but I found that I needed more stimulation and took it upon myself to learn the modules and running the TRP machines, until I finally made work lead in the area. There was no movement upwards, became stuck in the same spot until I moved to Collateral Clerk position.","Collateral Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2014","5.0"
"Good Place To Work"," this bank Mortgage was your typical mortgage environment. It was a place that employed dedicated and hard working individuals. It provided the proper training that you needed to excel in your position. Your managers were also making sure that you needs were met and had high quality communication skills.","Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2014","3.0"
"Nepotism talent need not apply!","I worked out of the operations center. At first they hired me to a good position with promises of work life balance and a cooperative work environment and career growth. Instead I found an environment rife with turmoil, in office back biting, ineffective and abusive leadership. Every time and I do mean every time when the management had an opportunity to show that they believed and stood by the core principals professed by the company... like say every employee matters... they not only showed no empathy to employees but buried them under the excuse 'the companies needs'. Also don't expect to have your ideas and attempts at collaborative teamwork and sharing to be valued. Unless sanctioned by the upper management down you are not to be a high performer as this may reflect poorly on the abilities of other longer tenured employees and in turn hurt how they look. Oh and when doing your job do not do it so well you get recognized by higher ups for your effort! If you are given a plaque, trophy, certificate to hang on the wall try and hide it don't display it even if asked to by that upper management as your tenured co-workers and direct management will begin to make your life miserable and throw you under the bus anytime possible.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2014","1.0"
"Stable work evironment"," this bank is a good company to work for if you are looking for good, stable work that does not ask for much of a commitment above 40 hours. The compensation and benefits leave much to be desired.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work. Lots of training available.","Management was great. Lots of opportunity for continued growth and learning. Co-workers were always willing to lend a helping hand and make the transition to new positions very enjoyable.Each day brought new challenges and growth which made for an enjoyable day.","Business Analyst I","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 14, 2014","5.0"
"fun place to work, great coworkers","Reconcile plan and participant level statements for assigned client retirement plans. Utilize Schwab RT system to enter trades on behalf of retirement plans. Coordinate and process adjustments on individual retirement plans. Collaborate with other internal departments to ensure accuracy of transactions processed. Provide assistance with dividend and fee processing for assigned book of retirement plans.","Trust Operations Support Accountant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed working with public.","Very rewarding, the job , from a customers perspective looks very uncomplicated. It was more complicated than it looked and when your cash drawer balanced out, it was a terrific feeling.","part time","Current Employee","New Castle, DE","December 12, 2014","5.0"
"A Somewhat Challenging IT Culture","Most of the challenge in moving forward or making changes is that the wheels move at a snail's pace, and communication between teams can be non-existent. On the other hand, the people are great, this bank understands its employees have a life outside of work, and there is a lot of flexibility.","SENIOR TECHNOLOGY RISK OFFICER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2014","3.0"
"employee focused, great advancement potential","Supervised, coached, and led employees on collection strategies, monthly department goals, and all performance and regulatory expectations. Provided team(s) and senior managers with various daily and monthly performance reports. Optimized the overall customer experience by conducting frequent side-by-side coaching. Enforced Consumer Default policies, procedures and quality assurance measures.Assisted technology partners in the development and launch of various system and technology implementations.","Consumer Default Operations Supervisor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 11, 2014","5.0"
"Pcg","Working directly with clients and a team of financial specialist to create a personalized financial plan.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Dublin, OH","December 11, 2014","5.0"
"Nice place to work for","Enjoyed this company. The people I worked with and the customers were wonderful. I only left because I thought I was going to a better career choice and opportunity.","Accounts Benefits Advisor - LFSC","Former Employee","Holland, PA","December 11, 2014","5.0"
" this bank...","Working at this bank has many Pros/Cons like any company.. I must say that this company has a lot of 'micromanagement' which can make its employees uncomfortable as well as no flexibility with a work/school/personal life balance.. but they offer a lot of benefits.","Financial Consultant I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great Coworkers, Bad Management","There is opportunity to learn from your coworkers but there is a lack of management assistance to see you move forward in your position.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2014","4.0"
"Teller","Overall great company to work for. Would handle large sums of cash per day, company was great with training.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Huber Heights, OH","December 9, 2014","5.0"
"Good company for upward mobility elsewhere","I worked for this bank Investments for two years. I was a top performer in my area. The bank staff is first class and engaged. Management is only focused on their goals not why or how you achieve them. Pay is well below market average. I never worked as hard for the compensation I earned.","VP Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Florida","December 9, 2014","3.0"
"Team environment, lots to learn, will help in future endeavours.","My typical day at work would include signing on to my computer and catching up on emails, news reports about the company and reviewing company policies and procedures. I've learned that teamwork is the base to all accomplishments and learning everyday makes me a be better employee. The management is encouraging with my daily work and aides where needed. My co-workers are great people, they have been in the banking industry for quite a while, so I can learn from them everyday. The hardest part of the job is taking in all the new information that the bank has to offer. The most enjoyable part of the job is the clients that visit me at the bank, they make my days a lot easier and more enjoyable.","Teller","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","December 9, 2014","4.0"
"Do not work for this bank","Fired because I did not fit in and they were sure to bring up that it was close to my 90 days anyway. I was pt regular.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","December 9, 2014","3.0"
"Great People and Great Enviorment","Open accounts, work on account maintenance, and advised customer on products that would best assist their financial needs. Responsible for maintaining and balancing personal drawer as well as bank vault on a daily basis. Order and verify money to ensure availability for all tellers and customers. Initiate the selling of this bank products to customers and refer them to the appropriate branch profession for further assistance. Process wire-transfers, loan applications and other legal documents such as Power of Attorney documents.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Highland Park, IL","December 7, 2014","4.0"
"Engaging and educational workplace","Client facing interaction in tandem with problem resolution and sales. I've learned more about the financial environment in one year than I have in my entire lifetime thus far. Management is consistent within the company and supportive of your progress. My co-workers are hard working, driven, and fun. The hardest part of the job is troubleshooting; we see new problems every day, and we are expected to learn to solve those on our own. This is also the most enjoyable part of the job and keeps my days from becoming mundane or repetitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 7, 2014","5.0"
"High Turnover","High turnover, aggressive sales culture, not the happiest place to work","Employee","Current Employee","PA","December 6, 2014","2.0"
"Great employee culture"," this bank is a good place to work. Management has always been top quality, they do seem to care about you as a person. The pay could be better. The goal are very difficult to reach.","Part Time - Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Clinton, NJ","December 6, 2014","4.0"
"Very productive line of business","Managed a team of business to business professionals (BDO's) in the at work banking segment across Alabama, Florida Panhandle and Mid Georgia. Job duties included hiring, coaching and developing direct staff in addition to training support mechanism. Supported in field progress through high level presentations and coaching observations.","Vice President - Market Manager Workplace Banking","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","December 5, 2014","3.0"
"Bank","Responsible for the training and coaching the teller staff. Providing outstanding service on a daily basis to our valued customers.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Indiana","December 4, 2014","5.0"
"Overall Great Company","I love helping people - This was a perfect job for my skill set.","Officer Relationship Manager - PCG","Current Employee","Powell, OH","December 3, 2014","5.0"
"great place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank - It is a great place to work and a great place to grow your career. I would recommend this bank to anyone","Market Loan Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","December 2, 2014","5.0"
"Front End Dot Net Developer","8 hours a day. agile methodlogy. team of 14 people. C# AngularJS,ADO.Net,HTML 5,CSS. JAVASCRIPT, JQuery. Good Work Environment. Web based application which was built for Real Estates clients only, where it can enlist the existing profiles of customers. And upon request its history of transactions can be retrieved.","Net Developer","Current Employee","New York, NY","December 1, 2014","5.0"
"Very imformative","Informative, call center, 200 calls a day, sales calls, customer service calls","Customer service","Former Employee","Monroeville, PA","December 1, 2014","5.0"
"Great client team concept promotes difficult internal team dynamics."," this bank's team approach to Wealth Management is a concept that clients like but not necessarily supported by management as it relates to employee compensation, responsibilities, and sales. Unusually high employee and supervisory management turnover makes it difficult to balance existing client experience with sales.","Investment Advisor II","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","December 1, 2014","2.0"
"review","I love working for this bank. However, the only position available at the time was part-time. I need full-time hours.","Customer Service Associate - Part time","Current Employee","Sugarcreek, OH","November 30, 2014","3.0"
"Previous Branch Manager","When RBC and this bank merged we were not given the accurate information to relay to customers. The merger caused good employees to look elsewhere for jobs. this bank states they are all about whats best for the customer but that's NOT true. Its all about whats best for this bank's bottom line. The pay/salaries for employees is sad very sad. The compensation for the low salaries is that employees can earn bonuses on referrals. Well in the more rural areas that is virtually impossible especially when your customers have all your products. Work life balance is funny because this bank has no clue what that is. Management does not help your thrown into doing more then one job teller/financial sales consultant/branch manager job. I have even seen branch managers (my peers) doing the regional managers jobs. Job security is a joke. The upper management will lie to your face about it. They will close branches and your customers will know its closing before the employees do. Co-workers/employees were great and work hours were great. No Saturdays.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Eastern, NC","November 30, 2014","2.0"
" this bank","• Identifying sales opportunities and making referrals to ecosystem partners as appropriate. • Quality customer interactions. • Establishes a foundation of trust with each and every costumer. • Manage the costumer experience for my branch.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Rockville MD","November 30, 2014","5.0"
"Fun place to work","I really felt like this bank cared about me as a person. This is an amazing company to work for and they really do take care of their employees. Compensation isn't as good as it should be but they take their time to train you and they are interested in helping you grow.","Client Service Associate","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","November 29, 2014","4.0"
" this bank","Upbeat team I worked with and great training. I had a motivated team and loved how this bank kept new promotions for customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","November 28, 2014","5.0"
"Smart, reliable, hard working individual.","Arrive a little early to prepare for the day. Great relationships with management and co-workers. Learn something new every day. Most enjoyable part: interacting with co-workers and customers. Most Difficult: keeping track of multiple passwords.","Total Insight Customer Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 28, 2014","4.0"
"nice place bad politics and pay","Its all about who you know. Pay wasn't very well either. Management went through a lot of changes too","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 27, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyed being a part of","love working there. great place to work. fast quick pace. lots of benefits and advancements","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 26, 2014","5.0"
"Good place to work","I highly recommend this place of work. They have competitive wages and decent benefits. I also personally like their products and services.","Teller","Former Employee","Elkhart, IN","November 25, 2014","5.0"
"Challenging and rewarding job","I thoroughly enjoyed working in the bank. I started as a teller and advanced to teller supervisor. I had many responsibilities and worked with many different people. I enjoyed it.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Meadville, PA","November 25, 2014","4.0"
"Terrible experience","I didn't make it past the 8 week training... If you want to call it training It was pretty much a joke. The people training in the 'bull pen' don't even know what they are doing. They claim they want people to be compassionate yet in every phone call there is literally 20 things you must get out or you fail QA. No wonder the turn over rate is ridiculous. This was the worst experience I've ever had at a job.","collector II","Former Employee","miamisburg, Oh","November 23, 2014","1.0"
"Great company with many opportunities for advancement"," this bank is a wonderful company that allows its employees to grow at their own pace. The company fosters a great work/life balance and helps its employees reach their professional goals. this bank brings all different lines of business together to form a cohesive team in the workplace.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Fort Wayne,IN","November 22, 2014","5.0"
"good work place","good people decent management and work life balance i little to micro managed but not bad","Sr Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 21, 2014","4.0"
"Headed in the wrong direction!! and fast!! Turnover is horrible, Everyone is barely hanging on.","Empty promises. Upper Management is a nightmare.. Need big changes. Starts at the top.. HR is not for the employees rather works to get people out for any reason.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Chicago Region","November 20, 2014","1.0"
"If it wasn't for my co-workers I would have quit 5 months ago","Management is inconsistent. Each branch is ran completely different. Part timers are treated less important. As a part timer you have no sick or personal days and no vacation until 1 year. If your child is sick you must have a back up plan, if your back up isn't available you must have a back up plan for that back up plan, otherwise you're screwed I have the best co-workers, if it wasn't for them helping me get through I day I wouldn't have lasted these 6 months. Oh and you're forced to take a mandatory 5 days off in a row and BECAUSE YOU'RE PART TIME it's unpaid!!! So you're forced to take off a week without pay. I don't know about you, but that pretty much screws all of my finances. I am now behind on a lot of stuff because of one week off without pay Hardest part of the job is to follow each policy (which there are a lot) with every customer.","Part-Time Teller","Current Employee","Girard, PA","November 19, 2014","2.0"
"good experince","Working at this bank is good experience for multi-tasking and talking to customers from all walks of life. I learned how to stay organized, and provide excellent customer service. As well, I learned how to help people with their everyday finances.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Warrington, PA","November 19, 2014","3.0"
"Good company","They keep the place fun with contests and events. I am in the credit card department and i am learning many new things and getting information from other departments so i can avoid transferring for the simple questions.","Call center representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, Ohio","November 18, 2014","5.0"
"productive and fun place for work environment","I love my job. I like being around people, my coworkers are great and helpful. Difficult part of my duties is when someone ask me for help I cannot deny, even sometimes I will take my personal time to help someone.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","November 17, 2014","5.0"
"great place","Great place to work for, good benefits and even better coworkers. I cant complain about management either","financial processor II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 17, 2014","4.0"
"Horriable work enviroment","Manger is total nut case! She will stalk you on Facebook and other social networks, get other employees in the branch to find out about your personal life by stalking you as well. She Daily does things to make it horrible to work with her. She constantly bullies her employees into thinking that she has the power to fire you at any given moment, she delegates her work out to all the employees and does basically nothing herself, if you ask her a question she gets angry at you and retaliates by giving you more work to do that she is suppose to be doing. She offers no positive feed back about the work you do only responses with negativity. Upper management has been informed of this and still nothing is done with this woman. Best watch your back if you go to work here! Not just with management but with all employees at branch!","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Rockingham, NC","November 17, 2014","1.0"
"Great place to work!"," this bank is a great place to work. There are plenty of opportunities to move up & around within the company. I have gained a great deal of professional experience starting off in the Collections department & then moving to the Document Attestation department. I have been fortunate to work for & with a great group of people. I would definitely recommend this bank Mortgage/Bank as a great place to work.","Document Attestation Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 16, 2014","5.0"
"Customer Service/Sales Enviroment","Customer Service. Events. Small team. Work on Sundays and Holidays","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","November 15, 2014","3.0"
"Very busy environment which I love. A lot of growth.","Every time there was new technology to learn, new accounts to process, and different ways to process. Fast working environment with incentives was very motivating. Working on weekends was also very beneficial for me.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","November 14, 2014","5.0"
".","Coworkers are very enjoyable and a great place to work if hours of down time is something you enjoy.","Teller","Current Employee","Berea, OH","November 14, 2014","4.0"
"Not a good workplace enviroment","I worked there for 4 years and the company has just gone down hill every single year. They pay a whole lot less than any other bank in town and they ask for the world. Tellers a continuously talked to about selling to customers even when they don't need the products. Upper management is distant and not very involved in what goes on. There is no one to call when you have an issue and advancement within company is virtually impossible. Stay away and look for positions at a smaller bank.","Relationship Manager in Private Client Group","Former Employee","Downtown","November 13, 2014","1.0"
"Great Bank!","I can say that the culture at this bank is one that puts customers first. The customer centered belief model at this bank empowered me to do my job efficiently while providing the proper amount of decision making with the necessary support of upper management. I would recommend this bank as a great company to work for.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","NJ","November 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great overall customer service","This is a great bank to work for. We all had one thing in mind, 'Customer Service' and 'Team Work'","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, OH","November 13, 2014","5.0"
" this bank Job Shadow","I learned a lot about the ins and outs of the marketing department. The employees were very friendly and overall it was a very educational and fun experience."," this bank marketing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2014","5.0"
"A very relaxed culture with very helpful people","I support the Home Equity Partners Channel of the business: training, communications, marketing materials, promotions, and I am the systems administrator for their application entry system. My co-workers are fun and always very willing to help. The hardest part of my job is writing system requirements for regulations. The most enjoyable is supporting the HEP business.","Aquisition Cababilities Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 10, 2014","4.0"
"Very productive work environment","Great location to work in Millburn NJ, working with customers offering bank products and non traditional products was quite the experience.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","November 10, 2014","4.0"
"Branch Manager","Overall I have learned more about Human Sigma and leadership through a Human Sigma lens.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Carol Stream, IL","November 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great Management","Lucky enough to work with some great people but the overall structure of the mortgage business needs work","Team leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 9, 2014","3.0"
"Dead End Job","If you only need a part time job this is great. Pay is not competitive at all.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","November 9, 2014","2.0"
"Good company","It's not a bad company to work for. Employees get treated well. Insurance benefits are average. Salary is a bit lagging. My experience with advancement is difficult within the company, unless your someone's favorite. Even if you have the skillset and experience.","Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 8, 2014","3.0"
"sales driven fast paced","Fast paced environmen sales driven. team environment. must pay attention to detail","Teller","Current Employee","Northampton, PA","November 7, 2014","4.0"
"productive relaxed enviroment","good place to work nice co-workers the hardest part of the job is sitting for long periods of time.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 6, 2014","4.0"
"Resourceful company who sticks to their core values","On a daily basis I get to improve people's lives and careers by assisting them with buyable banking solutions taught to me through a very intensive and accessable training program called this bank University. In my time here, I've already been promoted and received several rewards of excellence. this bank continues to demonstrate the values they advertise both to their clients as well as their work force.","Merchant Services Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati Ohio","November 6, 2014","5.0"
"Serviced clients with their mortgage needs.","Managed a team of sales people who supported the clients needs with mortgage products.","VP Market Manager","Current Employee","White Plains, NY","November 5, 2014","5.0"
"My typical Day at work","Typically when going into work, I'd log into my phone and get to work taking or making calls. Typically we'd get pulled from the phones to be trained or have refresher courses to ensure that we're up to date on all policies both governed and company policies. Co-workers are like family, everyone is really close in my department. The hardest part of the job is not having the room for growth and not being compensated for as much as we know or handle/do on the phones. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers and if you have the right supervisor they do little things to ensure you're happy and comfortable.","Collector II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 4, 2014","3.0"
"Small Company","Great Place To Work. Great Quality Products and your expectations are laid out for you from day 1.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Youngsville, PA","November 4, 2014","3.0"
"Great employees and co workers!","I enjoyed working at this bank very much, it was a fast paced, goal orientented business. They helped me strive for the best. They taught me how to have give great customer service.","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Lebanon, PA","November 3, 2014","5.0"
"Professional and customer/employee friendly work environment","I served as a Bank Teller for this bank. While working there I always felt as though I was in a professional environment that treated customers well and their employees even better.","Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","November 1, 2014","4.0"
"This was a great place to work","I work until work completion. I would come in log onto my encoding machine. receive my batches and encode all work. Manager was very helpful when need. Co- worker were easy to get along with. The hardest part of my job was to find and error in a hurry. Everything was based on key stroks I found the most joy out enting batches with no errors.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","4100 Brookpark Rd","October 30, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","Average benefits and compensation slightly lagging. Great management and culture. Opportunities to grow frequently available.","BUSINESS BANKING SALES","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","October 30, 2014","4.0"
"Customer Service Associate","Identify the financial needs of customers and recommend products and services to meet those needs. Open new accounts refer to FSC when needed. Process and submit credit card, home equity loan, personal loan, line of credit, and auto loan applications. Handle all the duties of the teller role.","Act Certified","Current Employee","Summit, NJ","October 29, 2014","5.0"
".","Productive and fun workplace. I enjoyed working for the company.","Senior AST Associate","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 29, 2014","4.0"
"Equity Methods","• Thoughtfully and strategically, prospected Fortune 1000, 500, and 100 companies through cold & warm phone calls and email in a goal driven environment using Salesforce to effectively communicate company's background, financial software & consulting services to C-Level Finance, Technology, and Human Resources Executive Officers • Intellectually communicated with accountants, consultants, programmers, IT experts, PhDs, and other finance professionals • Strategically cultivated prospecting lists by analyzing various responses to marketing material and current industry trends • Actively participated in peer brainstorming sessions as it relates to sales cycles, marketing material, operational procedures, and product pricing • Engaged in executing marketing efforts. Produced proposals based on RFPs and RFIs using PowerPoint.","Senior Mortgage Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 28, 2014","5.0"
"Provides advancement opportunities","I have been with this bank for 7 years and have many opportunites to advance. It's encouraged to climb up the this bank ladder which I find refreshing in a work place.","Human Resource Service Center Representative","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 28, 2014","5.0"
"Great Company","They are flexiable and awesome to work for great people and great location in jacksonville","Credit Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville fl","October 28, 2014","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Best company to work for. Great stuff, co-worker were great to work with.","Pre-Funding Reviewer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 27, 2014","4.0"
"Enjoyed the banking side","I did learn a lot from this bank, but felt I wanted to grow and the company didn't want to have me grow the way I wanted too.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Tallmadge, OH","October 27, 2014","3.0"
"Excellent Workplace Balance","I love that this bank takes care of their employees. The company is big on workplace balancing. Family is everything to this company.","Bank Teller June","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 26, 2014","5.0"
"Day shift"," this bank Lending Services care about their employees and are fair. They provide employees with continued updated information of new laws and regulations regarding the banking industry. Meetings, team building, one on ones, etc. Promote education, team building and assist in personal growth and development. Also participate in community support, volunteer work for the less fortunate. A fun place to work that offers job security within a corporate environment.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 26, 2014","5.0"
"A Bank","Very pushy with sales, yet the coworkers are great.I learned how to solely manage a bank.","In Store Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","October 26, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyable for the time.","I worked in the card production department before it was outsourced to Omaha. I liked the environment and my co-workers. Most came from different backgrounds and families. It was a good experience. The work was highly detail oriented and time constrained but enjoyable. The department was a family within the this bank family Management was great- They helped when needed and never asked you to accomplish an unobtainable goal. They were in the trenches with you daily I enjoyed making customers happy. At that time debit cards and ATM machines were just blossoming and being able to get a usable card in a few days meant a lot. I was heart-broken when I was told that the division would be closing but they broke the news in time for me to seek out other career avenues.","Plate Production Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2014","4.0"
"productive and fast-paced environment","effectively and efficiently helping business clients with their transactions.","Senior Commercial Teller II","Current Employee","princeton nj","October 23, 2014","5.0"
"fun workplace and full companies","busy workdays , nice management, nice workplace. the work day start 8 to 430 afternoo handle 20 companies","Collateral Loan Analyst","Current Employee","east Brunswick","October 22, 2014","5.0"
"Working as a bank teller","I would get to my job at 8 in the morning and get off at 4 in the afternoon. I would deal with paying the bills, cash the customers checks, withdraw money from accounts, work with cds, help with customers if they need to get to their safety deposit boxes, waited on customers, did reports. I learned how to save money and when it is good to use it and when not to use it. The co-workers were very pleasant. The hardest part of the job was to make sure that everyone go their money right. The most enjoyable part of the job was laughing and communicating with the customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Smyrna, DE","October 22, 2014","3.0"
"Midwestern Bank with Midwest attitude","Accountability and responsibility are passed from one person to the next making it hard to achieve. Even when working on a common project, team members refuse to provide valued information and contribute to success. Mediocrity is valued and is evident by the praise employees get when staying in the same role from year after year causing stagnation, but management does not see it that way. If you wish to excel and achieve look elsewhere. Slow and steady and a mediocre output will get you a promotion.","Recruiter II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 21, 2014","3.0"
"I learnt all what is needed to establish myself as a BA in industry while working with this company....","While initially being at an entry level position i assisted Sr. BA in JAD and JAR sessions, Helped in documenting BRD at high level, also learnt development of FRD through the various stages of SDLC. Over all team mates helped me in learning and establishing myself in IT industry, Hardest part of the job was to understand the business matters..","Business Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","October 21, 2014","4.0"
"First serious job of my life","Working for this bank mortgage was not completely bad. Myself I don't agree with their ethics or upper managements view of those below them. There really wasn't much a person could do to add a novel idea to the company. The hardest part of the job was basically trying to deal with many irate customers and co-workers. The most enjoyable part of the job, at the time, was the pay honestly.","Mail delivery","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 21, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyed working here","This company was very good learning experience it gave me tools that needed to grow in not only as a person but as a co-worker. I enjoyed the people that I worked with and for.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 20, 2014","5.0"
"Great management"," this bank is a well know for their friendly service. I would recommend it to everyone.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","October 20, 2014","4.0"
"Manage department of 4 professionals.","Develop accounting center automation projects with database software. Developed design for user interface requirements and data validation.","IT Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","October 20, 2014","4.0"
"Overall a decent place to work","I felt the this was an overall good place to work but management was constantly changing and that would cause for you to get skipped over for forward advancement.","Corporate Security Services Team","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 19, 2014","3.0"
"Corporate and laid back","Typical day at work - logging on, checking emails, begin assignment. I learned how to be a team player. Management had an open door policy; therefore, accessible. Co-workers --- different personalities and willing to pitch in to help others. The hardest part of the job was keeping up with constant changes in procedures. The most enjoyable part of the day--team meetings and gatherings","Loss Mitigation Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 19, 2014","3.0"
"A great place to learn and grow","I enjoy working for this bank but it is not where I see myself in 10 years. A typical day at work would involve helping customer make deposit, withdrawls, etc. from their accounts. Also, meeting daily goals like opening new checking accounts and generating new leads for loans and investments. One of the main goals I focused on was making sure I was doing what was best for the customer and trying to help them for their future. Management has been helpful in giving me the proper training to do my job well, but for the past year they have not really giving me the opportunity to grow. The hardest part about the job is getting cutomers to sit down and actually listen to what you have to say about helping them with their finances and them not thinking I am trying to sell them something. What I like about my job is the fact that I get to watch my customer make better financial situation and I know will secure them a better future.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Valley Park, MO","October 18, 2014","4.0"
"Energetic team players who made work seem like family life. The culture of this bank was engaging and educational.","Each day I enjoyed greeting our clients like they were family. To watch them leave satisfied and have a positive effect on them was my reward. The hardest part of the job was always the first of the month when people would crowd in to cash their checks and the most enjoyable part of the job was the same first of the month. I loved being able to serve our guests efficiently with accuracy and joy. As well, I enjoyed fitting our customers with the proper product that they could use to increase their checking or savings, retirement, or purchase of a home or car.","Teller II","Former Employee","London, OH","October 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great People Working There","There are great people there. The mortgage industry fluctuates, so there are intermittent layoffs here.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 17, 2014","3.0"
"New in the Triad","I had the same supervisor from prior company. I enjoyed working with my coworkers.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Greensboro, NC","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"productive place to work","provided financial products to meet clients needs. maintained branch operations.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Township of Howell, NJ","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"productive place to work","primary focus every day was to provide clients with financial products to met their needs.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","frnaklin park nj","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"Working for a fun branch","My typical day as teller is taking transactions form customers and helping them uncover needs they didn't know they needed. Being a teller is a great job but these days tellers are not so much needed anymore since ATM's are now the tellers of today's society. So the hardest part of the job is how slow it has become and not knowing what will be bcoming of your job in the future. It helps knowing that I work with amazing people and we have a lot of fun so it helps you get thru the day.","Back Up Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","new jersey","October 15, 2014","4.0"
"Layback workplace","This is a layback job experiance. Good for if you are in school or have another job.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Baltimore, Md","October 15, 2014","3.0"
"A productive and fun place to work.","A typical day at work started with a meeting consisting of management and the team to discuss the day's work of each team member and also discussing any problems or issues that needed to be addressed. Checking my email to see what new offers needed to be processed (emailing, faxing, or mailing offer notices) and the email is checked periodically throughout the day for incoming offers and they were entered immediately into the daily excel spreadsheet. Checking the spreadsheet to see which offers are expiring on that day. Fax machine and email to see if any responses for offers come in overnight. Checking the previous day's work and calling the client's and money managers to get their responses for the offers that would expire on that day. Also, processing the late incoming offers Updating the clients and money manager's data base. Checking with management to make sure all offers are processed correctly. Filing all paperwork. I worked with a great team and I enjoyed the engagement lunches and activities and celebrating the holidays. I would say the hardest part of the job was processing and getting all the responses for a huge offer that had several hundred client's and money managers in time for the expiration date.","Corporate Actions Solicitations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2014","4.0"
" this bank; The job you thought you signed up for","Working for this bank had its ups, but mostly downs. If you want to be a suck up to people who don't appreciate the quality of worker you are then this is the perfect job for you. Teller manager will always be on your back and tell you what you're doing wrong, there's always going to be a sense of favoritism working for a bank. The clients aren't the problem, the problem is internal. Manager can be irresponsible and throw away employees, there is not enough appreciation for employees you will do favors and not get any favors done for you. The most enjoyable part of this job is when you think you're doing everything you're supposed to, up until someone of higher power has an unnecessary biased opinion about your work.","Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","October 14, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","great management. knowledgeable staff. good training program","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","October 13, 2014","4.0"
"People make work enjoyable, while management brings you down.","The benefits are not good as far as health insurance but the compensation is what holds people to stay there working because bills exist and people need to get paid. Management will seek out where your weakness is and play on it until you have a breakdown or you find something else and quit. I would have passed up on this bank Mortgage, if I knew that they didn't care about your work/life balance. There are no goal-oriented goals to achieve in department and you will be worked endlessly to whatever management tells you to do, if you don't bend to them, they will find a temp or someone who for cheaper would do so. Unless you are at wits end in bills or debt, do NOT work here!!","Bankruptcy Specialist II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 13, 2014","3.0"
"This a great company to work for. There is room for advancement throughout the company. The company provides many services such as: EAP, paid vacation","I enjoyed working for this bank Mortgage. They offer plenty of benefits. It is an integrity company that cares about the balance of family and work life. They offer assistance with adoption, school, counseling, etc.","Call Quality Coach","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 13, 2014","4.0"
"Hardest part was getting ahead","Enjoyed the customers. Several years in the same position was very difficult for advancement.","Payroll","Former Employee","Atlantic City, NJ","October 12, 2014","4.0"
"don't keep people very long","they are trying to get rid of people working in the bank. management is awful.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Springfield, OH","October 10, 2014","1.0"
"Out dated","Very outdated computer software. Poor location. Always being sent to other locations to cover for short staff. Sale Sale Sale don't care of client's needs. All around unpleasent.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Wauconda, IL","October 9, 2014","2.0"
"Job Security","-Typical Day consists of opening the branch -Meetings goals -Maintain branch appearance. -Five star Language. -Sales","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Herndon, Va","October 9, 2014","3.0"
"The Company Cares","My Co workers, and Management are amazing. I love Working with the public. The hardest part of my day is getting off too late.","Customer Service Associate II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 8, 2014","5.0"
"Company who cares about he advancement of its employees","Everything skilled that I've learned concerning finances I've learned from working for this bank. This company has allowed me to mature and expand my duties and responsibilities by giving me the opportunity to move from one department to another. My co-workers that I've meet in each department/branch have been instrumental to my financial success. One of the hardest part of the job was leaving co-workers and friends that I've made. My most enjoyable part of my job was showing the employees that they are appreciated by the company.","Cash Logistics Reconcilement Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 8, 2014","4.0"
"Do your job and you'll be fine","The business thrives on customer satisfaction. Employees are held accountable for accuracy and efficiency.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","October 8, 2014","4.0"
"Over worked","I was over worked at this bank. I learned a lot, however there was more work then I was able to keep up with. The management was not very forgiving, nor willing to help. There was only one POC for the work that was being done, so getting answers to questions was very hard.","Technical Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 7, 2014","3.0"
"Good workplace","I've learned so much working at my previous jobs. I learned about how banking works and different ways to approach people. I learned that you can't make everyone happy but there is a way to make them work with you in a way to resolve issues in a good manner.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","hamilton, nj","October 7, 2014","5.0"
"Communication","If you are a person who loves to communicate, this is a great place to work!","Credit Card Senior Coaching Associate","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 7, 2014","5.0"
"typical day","interacting with customers and advising them on what was best for the them.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","October 7, 2014","5.0"
"Great place good co- workers","working there was a pleasure, great staff, stress free job.","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","October 5, 2014","4.0"
"n/a","Working for this company had its con's and pro's just like any other job. I learned a lot and this bank overall is a good company to work for.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","October 4, 2014","3.0"
"Productive","Excellent and Productive, Team player and Good Customer Service.","Administrative Clerk","Former Employee","San Mateo, CA","October 2, 2014","3.0"
"productive and good place to work with good people","A typical day at work was very busy. Learn to work in a team. A good management and good co-workers make the work place very peaceful. The hardest part of the job was Mondays and most enjoyable part was the weekend work.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","October 1, 2014","5.0"
"Being a teller is not for everyone it is a hard position to be in but also enjoyable","My typical day at work was greeting, helping and conducting transactions, helping co-workers with odd transactions and coaching them in their personal goals. As a supervisor I also kept my manager abreast of any situation that arose. I would say that the hardest part of the job especially in a large branch is catching a co-worker up on details that they missed when they were off. The most enjoyable part of the job was watching your co-workers expand and grow and customers Thanking You.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 1, 2014","3.0"
"Productive Company to work for","great day to day job coaching. great management and advancement. products and services are superior","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","October 1, 2014","5.0"
"Something for everyone! You just need to put your best foot forward!","I now work from home. But the previous 15 years I worked in a large department with lots of diversity. I experienced first hand that if you are willing to work hard and take direction it is relatively easy to advance.","Quality Control Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 1, 2014","5.0"
