6401,"I enjoyed the customer relationships I built during the 8 years I worked for this bank. The ability to learn new things during my time there was important.","When I first started in the banking industry it was more of a town home bank. We were bought out by this bank and joined the corporate world, naturally there were a lot of changes and I adapted very quickly. I had a very good customer following. I worked well with my co-workers. One thing in particular that my customers and co-workers would always comment on is the fact I always remembered names.","Teller II","Former Employee","Ocean City, MD","June 13, 2013","5.0"
6402,"Quickstart and Goal Setting","A day at work would always start with a Quick Start. Quick Start is a 10-15 minute pep rally. I would huddle with the team to set individual goals on activities for the day and set the stage. Motivate the team to reach their goals and set the tone of the day I would then meet with my Financial Sales Consultant and talk about how her previous day went. Ask her question around what she felt she did good and what she found that may have hinder her from selling a product or having a complete conversation with a customer. I would role play with what hinder her from having the conversation with the customer, so she would feel comfortable with the next customer. She would set a goal for herself on the activities she was going to work on for the day. Then I would end our daily debrief with praising her on what she accomplished. I feel it's always best to end with a positive note. The hardest part of my job is when I can't provide for my customer. For example, when they are trying to better themselves and they would like to consolidate loans and it's declined. I give them advice and show them how they can build their credit. At the same time I know I did all that I could but the expression on their face is so hard to look at. On the other side, when I am able to provide for a customer who is purchasing their first car or home and the joy in their face is the most enjoyable part of my day. It also brings me joy when my team succeeds in meeting our goal in sales and customer service Gallup survey.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Spring Hope, NC","June 13, 2013","3.0"
6404,"processing claims","data entry extreme sitting, process claims medical bills. working second shift 330p-12am","Data Entry","Current Employee","Fairview, OH","June 11, 2013","4.0"
6405,"Rapidly growing ","good company to work for, high priority on work life balance.","Vice President Underwriting","Current Employee","DOWNERS GROVE IL","June 10, 2013","3.0"
6406,"Fun work environment, neat people and good place to work","I have worked at this bank for going on 8 years. I have grown as a person and manager in this period of time. They worked well with my school schedule during college and provided me with a great work/life flexibility. I even met my fiance while working for this bank. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 9, 2013","5.0"
6407,"No Training No Future","I will make this as simple as possible, this is not a good company to work for. No training and no future do not fall for the lies.","Assistant Branch Manger","Former Employee","Seymour, IN","June 9, 2013","1.0"
6408,"Great employees and team players","Handling money and balancing cash draw, Helping customers with their account information and needs, Handling the ATM, ","Teller","Former Employee","Whiteville, NC","June 8, 2013","5.0"
6409,"Good hours, lousy management ","Horrible training, lousy managers. Supervisors who didn't know what they were doing, criticism ","Teller","Former Employee","Painesville, OH","June 8, 2013","2.0"
6410,"fun work place good place to work at","My day at work is at most times easy going. I talk to customers all day long on the phone and handle their problems. I work in a team but as well have my own file that I am responsible for each month.","Account Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 8, 2013","5.0"
6411,"Great Company, Experience Varies by Department","While this bank is listed as a great place to work by multiple publications, individual experiences will vary by department. Some groups allow flexible work arrangements, while others offer very littel work/life balance. Additionally, some departments offer very little in way of career development and/or advancement Senior leadership is truly committed to culture and values, making this a company with long-term success on the horizon.","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 7, 2013","4.0"
6412,"Job","I worked here for 9 months as payment processor, and data entry but I had to move to another company near to my home.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","IL","June 7, 2013","5.0"
6413,"Exceptional support","Training, communicationa and support were beyond expectations during a challenging acqusition.","TREASURY MANAGEMENT OFFICER","Former Employee","Melbourne, FL","June 7, 2013","5.0"
6414,"A solid company with many talented employees whom were a joy to work with","Attended to the needs of Wealth Management Trust clients through various services. I enjoyed the close working relationship with clients and being able to help them. I enjoyed my co-workers, they were all very helpful and kind. the hardest part of the job was my relationship with the Trust Advisor that I assisted. The most enjoyable part of the job was the client interaction and the other associates I worked with. ","Service Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 6, 2013","4.0"
6415,"Not much room for advancement they would rather hire externally","Worked here for two years and received an eleven cent raise... what a joke, Was unable to move up in the company twice I applied for a job and was declined due to hiring externally. Go to Key or Huntington at least you get paid more per hour to do the same thing. Do not waste your time with a company that does not value their employees time and dedication.","Teller","Current Employee","OH","June 5, 2013","1.0"
6416,"Taking the Bank to the Business","In my position as a WorkPlace FSC it was my job to take the bank into the business. ","WorkPlace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Central Indiana","June 5, 2013","3.0"
6417,"Good Benefits, Horrible Management"," this bank was great, when it was bank N. Since this bank took over, the overall morale of our department plummeted. Things changed on a daily basis and were not communicated with the rest of the department. this bank started to push out the people that made 'too much' money for their position, so they could downsize and hire in new employees at a lower salary. ","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 5, 2013","2.0"
6418,"A professional work environment","Working at this bank was a professional, structured job where accuracy, patience, and customer service were very important. ","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","State College, PA","June 4, 2013","4.0"
6419,"A Good company to work for.","I was responsible for managing a group of 12-18 consultants that serviced customers on a daily basis. The group that I managed specialized in loan servicing. Essentially servicing and providing insight on all the lending instruments provided by the bank with the exception of first mortgages. I have learned a lot about the banking industry during my time with this bank. Both within my area and across different departments. I would say the most enjoyable portion of working with the customers is helping to find products that best fit their individual needs and then making certain they understand any pitfalls or potential nuances they may encounter. On the other hand, not all customers choose to follow the right path and sometimes get into products or services that do no best represent their needs and can cause high levels of frustration for our clients. Which in turn is reflected in our conversations. This is not one of the more enjoyable aspects, but it does provide the opportunity to turn the business around and perhaps even secure a greater wallet share. ","Supervisor","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 4, 2013","4.0"
6420,"this bank does not care at all about it's employees. They say they do, but their actions speak differently.","Terrible place to work. They do not care about the employees at all. It is all about the numbers. They feel that their brand is so strong that people will just flock to be a part of the bank. Pressure galore. this bank is bad about paying people enough for all the responsibility they have.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Chillicothe, OH","June 4, 2013","1.0"
6421,"Need more changes","If you are outside of Pittsburgh things are completing different. ","Quality Control Business Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 4, 2013","3.0"
6422,"productive place to work, meeting and greeting customer service ","a typical day at work is transaction, customer service, and working with currency.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Peckville, PA","June 4, 2013","4.0"
6423,"Daily face to face contact with customers","ability to build relationships, learn new skill sets and move within organization","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Camden, NJ","June 3, 2013","3.0"
6424,"Co workers were team players and customer were nice","Balancing cash drawer and maintaining funds. Customer service. I learned the ins and outs of being a bank teller and handling large sums of cash as well as the paperwork required. Co workers were team players. The hardest part of the job was working 10 hours 1 week and then 35 the next. I really enjoyed the customer interaction.","Peak Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Throop, PA","June 3, 2013","4.0"
6425,"Great place to work, good benefits, flexible scheduling","Typical day at work would be assisting customer's with transactions, balancing your teller window, cross-selling and referring bank products, some problem resolution and other duties as assigned. Co-workers were always nice to work with in a team environment. Training given was always good. Management was always nice to work with.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Howell, MI","June 1, 2013","5.0"
6426,"Productive, fun place to work.","A typical day starts by opening my email and seeing new request from clients and/or partners from another line of business. Attending meetings to optimize work production and to learn about new processes. Management does not micro manage which enables everyone to be independent. The hardest part of the job sometimes is following all the procedures to complete simple task of the red tape was not there. The most enjoyable part is the coworkers.","Service Specialist Coordinator","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","May 30, 2013","4.0"
6427,"Nice place - low pay","I love working with my co-workers, unfortunately our branch is being closed. Advancement into higher pay grades is difficult even if you have the education qualifications. Branch workers have low pay. I have met a lot of great people-customers and co-workers. ","Customer Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Sharpsville, PA","May 30, 2013","3.0"
6428,"this bank","Worked from the comfort of my home, really what else can I say this job was wonderful. How many people get to work in their PJ's with their feet up on their desk? Not many,but I did. this bank decided to close the main building that I worked form so my job was moved to Pittsburgh otherwise I had planned on retiring from this position. "," this bank Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","May 27, 2013","5.0"
6429,"seniority ","The people who have worked for the company longer tend to get there way over new comes.","Teller","Current Employee","Wayne, NJ","May 27, 2013","3.0"
6430,"I like my job and I am good at it.","I key checks and documents. I have learned how to look at the whole picture of the department and how each job effects each other. I work 3 days during the week and 2 weekend days. My weekend supervisor is very knowledge, compashionate and a great leader. I not only like her, but I consider her a friend. Corporate headquarters recently decided we are no longer allowed to work overtime, which hurts me financially, but it also leaves me feeling like we are not sustaining the best service we can to our customeres. It is hard for me to leave my work unfinish becaused of this change in policy. Best part of my job is the people I work with. We work as a team and try to provide the best services we can.","Senior Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 27, 2013","3.0"
6431,"Micro-Managed Work","Basically, working in my department of this bank is like being in high school all over again... actually, it's worse. You're not supposed to have extensive conversations with your coworkers, if any at all. You have to keep track of every little thing that you do in a 'productivity database.' People tell on each other, instead of resolving issues with themselves. Team leads (one in particular) thinks she's the 'punisher', and enjoys bossing people around and reporting them for petty occurrences Everyone seems to be getting more miserable by the day. We have cake days for birthdays each month and food days, where we stuff ourselves with carbohydrates. People need to move around more. No wonder everyone is over-weight and unhappy. The pay is horrible. Having acquired bank N and Royal Bank of Canada, this bank's compensation and bonuses have slumped significantly from what I've been told. You only get 6 occasional absence days in addition to your vacation time and holidays. So whether you are sick and/or have a doctor's appointment or there is a death in the family or you have an interview, that's it for the year. And you can bet that if you want to use vacation time, you're going to get hassled for it. You may have a higher education than your manager's manager, you won't be compensated for it The up-sides are that job is not overly hard to do. You come in, punch your numbers, get everything it at a particular time, and then go home. You don't have to take your work home with you. ","Operations Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2013","3.0"
6432,"New technology skills provided","Overnight shift hours were great! A typical day included several scenarios involved in the production and maintenance of client product. As lead Workflow Coordinator, I was constantly dependent on my team to make things happen, and they consistently provided miracles. ","Operations Workflow Manager","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 22, 2013","5.0"
6433,"pretty disappointed so far","I am a loan officer with this bank and I'm very disappointed with my employer thus far. the training was horrible I thought I was joining a company with 5 star training in pitts burg and it's just not the case. my compensation was not what it was told when I started,everything in this company seems delayed.I can tell this bank ceo has the best interest for employees but the staff and the underwriters are not efficient enough... there's definitely room for improvement! You will work like an animal to get loans done. processes timely most loan officers are doing the job of a processor too.","Loan officer","Current Employee","Usa","May 22, 2013","3.0"
6434,"Great Products and Services, Great People","I was fortunate to have been part of the this bank family for 3 years now. Thinking back to when I started, there were so many people who gave their time and energy to help make me the employee I am today. this bank products and services are very client-friendly, with tiered levels of sophistication for your casual bank user or your more in-depth, affluent bank users. My work days for the most part were enjoyable and some of the customers made the day go faster. Management has changed since I first started, but originally, management was awesome! We had a fun-loving group that encouraged through rewarding hard work. I learned the bulk of what I know about banking now to this bank, and I will be forever grateful for the opportunity they afforded me.","Customer Service Manager","Current Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","May 22, 2013","3.0"
6435,"this bank","Working on a fast pace and utilizing three or more tools to assist customers on outbound and inbound calls. Working as a team and individually to improve customer service. ","Bank Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 22, 2013","3.0"
6436,"A great Bank to work for ","I have enjoyed working here at this bank its a great Bank to work for. Wish they where in california ","Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 22, 2013","4.0"
6437,"great work place","i love this job. this is my first bank job and i absolutley love it. the only reason im looking for another job is because im moving. ","Teller","Current Employee","Frankfort, KY","May 22, 2013","5.0"
6438,"Productive customer service/","As an employee at this bank, several transactions were done through out the day. Great employees and work environments. the Team would constantly cooperate with each other to meet sales goals. The most enjoyable part would be seeing customers with a big smile on their face because the customer service you gave.","Teller","Former Employee","mount prospect illinois","May 21, 2013","5.0"
6439,"this bank In-Store Bank","I worked in this bank's InStore channel for several years. It is a great entry level experience for anyone looking to start a career in banking. The primary role of an In-Store banker is to prospect for clients inside of Giant Supermarkets with the purpose of recommending various products and services including accounts, investments, and credit instruments. There are very aggressive sales goals which can be stressful at times but the company does provide you with tools to get the job done. The position does require you work long non-conventional bank hours as the branches are open 7 day per week 364 days per year. There are strong advancement opportunities for those that excel in their roles. This probably wouldn't be a good fit for anyone looking for a traditional banking position.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bowie, MD","May 16, 2013","3.0"
6440,"A great enviroment and friendly staff.","I enjoy working for this bank. The staff is friendly as well as our customers. ","Teller","Current Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","May 15, 2013","5.0"
6441,"Great place to work","I handle bankruptcy accts. and deceased accts. It was a great place to work and I learned a lot from co-workers. Management was very helpful. I learned very quick and would have stayed with the company but they merged and moved out of state.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 15, 2013","5.0"
6442,"Poor Management/Took advantage of employees","I worked at bank N/ this bank for 13 1/2 years. I really enjoyed working there until the end of 2012. The management was very poor and they wrongfully terminated an employee. I lost all respect for the company then. I left the company after several other employees left this bank due to the management at the branch. Before I left I was doing teller work, teller supervisor work, and banker responsiblies. I worked six days a week and hardly got a day off. I would not recommend working with this company. You have to be friends with the manager! If she does not like you she will find a way to get rid of you. No one should be treated that way. I called our customer relations hotline several times and nothing was done ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ohio","May 14, 2013","3.0"
6443,"Stable company to work for","Stable and established company to work for. Limited room for advancement, no bonuses and very limited employee engagement measures.","Conventional Loan Specialist II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 13, 2013","3.0"
6444,"Productive, great place to work with state of the art exercise room ","A typical day at work began at 8:30 to 5:00. Sign on to the computer and type in applications. I learned accuracy while working at this bank. Accuracy is key as your entering pertinent information onto the system. Management was great! Management made you want to work as hard as you could by encouraging you, and driving you to want to become successful. Co-workers were pleasant and easy to get along with. We all worked as a team to get the work completed. The hardest part of the job was staring into the computer all day. The most enjoyable part of the job was having free lunch provided by management and also the excellent benefits that were provided by the company. ","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 11, 2013","5.0"
6445,"Great place to work good if you are new to banking.","An equal opportunity employer. Great place to work, good opportunities to grow. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Longwood, FL","May 10, 2013","5.0"
6446,"not worth your time","Poor management, poor healthcare (insurance is from Pennsylvania - it works different in state of IL). Blame management for employees resigning there positions. There is no respect to human and employees rights... There is no work and life balance, nobody ask you if you are able to work almost 60 hours per week! Incompetent and selfish teller supervisor. There is so much favoritism with this branch. I do not regret I resigned my position. One of the worst places to work for! ","Teller","Former Employee","Central Branch, Chicago, IL","May 10, 2013","1.0"
6447,"Nice environment with excellent people to work with."," this bank has given me a chance to grow and prove my skills in a 'green environment'. People are very friendly, great company to work for with many great benefits.","Administrative Assistant II in Chicago","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 9, 2013","4.0"
6448,"A day in the life of online banking...","My typical day at this bank was talking to and troubleshooting customer problems with using the internet to view their accounts online, paying bills, transferring funds, and other various banking needs. I've learned a great deal about customers and their spending habits. More importantly, I've learned how to help an angry customer to being pleased within minutes. My coworkers were good people and we always had polite small talk to keep things friendly. The hardest part of my job was when I couldn't help with some customers' needs. Sometimes people want things that aren't possible, or don't realize that they are actually in the wrong. But those were the people that were most satisfied when I could help them. I really do like talking to people and helping with daily frustrations and problems. It is an intrinsic motivation that makes me good about myself.","Online Banking Tier II Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 9, 2013","5.0"
6449,"Great company"," this bank is a great company to work for. I enjoy the day to day operations of working for one of the major North American banks. While I enjoy working for this bank, I would always be open to hearing about other opportunities that would further advance my career and be able to establish myself for years to come.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 8, 2013","5.0"
