6550,"this bank"," this bank Is a good company to work for. I've worked there for a year and a half now and its a pretty laid back company.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Antioch IL","February 21, 2013","5.0"
6551,"didn't enjoy working here","Unprofessional management and work environment. Worked in call center.","Default","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 20, 2013","2.0"
6552,"Good company but stressful requirements"," this bank is a great company. Benefits are great as well as work/life balance. The only thing that was overwhelming is the sales. Requirements for investments and meeting the goals for the individual is stressful. You have the thought of possibly losing your job or not getting incentive pay. Banks don't pay you much. There is no trying just doing. If you can meet your goals and have the good ability to sell products and services any position at this bank is for you. Banks are becoming more know for sales and more goal oriented.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","NJ","February 19, 2013","4.0"
6553,"Productive","I really liked this job because I was doing paper work all day and I always wanted a job where I can sit down and do something to occupy my time. I learned how to work with others and how to sort papers and put them into the volts. I enjoyed my co-workers. They were friendly and easy to get along with even though they weren't trustworthy either. There really was no hard part about this job. I hate it ended so soon. I really enjoyed being in the office. The people there were really nice and easy-going.","Sorter","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 18, 2013","5.0"
6554,"Good money, bad management","Company is a decent company with pretty good products. Base pay is $12/hr with a 10% shift diff if you work after 11am. Management has a high turn over rate because the job is so boring and stressful. Take customer call after call, always busy, and there's never any supervisors around to assist with the crazy customers. Not a horrible entry level job but you will burn out within 6 months. i don't know how I did 2 years :-/","Online Banking Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 17, 2013","3.0"
6555,"Great place for a part-time","A typical day at this bank consist of helping and serving customers with everyday banking needs.I learned a lot about simple banking and learned how ot handle large sums of money.My management was very driven, however sometimes that drive turned out to be impersonable and unapproachable.My co-workers were great and very hard working. We really worked as team especially when we had the pccasional difficult customers. We always appraoched the situation in the best way possible to please the customer.","Teller","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","February 17, 2013","2.0"
6556,"Bad management, no morale"," this bank has the market cornered on customer service. However, the same cannot be said for the way employees are treated. I have never come across a company where management was such a universally miserable lot of individuals, who in turn passed that misery on to their teams. It was made painfully obvious on a daily basis your individual needs were of no importance to anyone but you and if this was unacceptable to you, you were certainly replaceable. Every day was just the longest day of your life.","Teller","Former Employee","DE","February 17, 2013","2.0"
6557,"productive and teamwork advance place","An 8hours typical day at work. I've learned to processed, received, various checks using a database entry level, Good Management overall and my co-workers are pleasant as well. The hardest part of the job was on the editing side and the most enjoyable part of the job was the hourly rate was good, sufficient enough to get an excellent group insurance.","Receivable Check Processor 1","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2013","5.0"
6558,"Sales Driven Success","Lots of room for growth, great incentive plan! I love working with my team, and watching them grow and become even more successful.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Falls Church, VA","February 14, 2013","4.0"
6559,"Great Team, Exec Leadership :-/","Would return... maybe. The team environment is second to none. The benefits are O.K., but expensive. The training is good but the internal computer software is lacking if you are coming in from one of the larger banks.","Bank Officer","Former Employee","MI","February 14, 2013","4.0"
6560,"Very poor Wealth Management offering"," this bank Wealth Management is by far, the must unhealthy and unprofessional work environment I have been involved in during my 10+ year career. The environment is not only chaotic and driven by drama but it is all filled with gossip obsessed, immature individuals who operate with what they believe is a 'cut-throat' mentality but in actuality it is childlike behavior that leads to poor results, lack of production and failed business plans. There is no sense of direction given from upper management which leads to a free for all and a scramble for answers any time an issue arises. The only way to get ahead is to 'yes' the under qualified senior management to death. There is a lack of quality employees and work produced which is evident by the fact that clients pull their money out of the bank quite frequently. Management hires with an outsourcing-type mentality- they only hire cheap labor, with a lack of ability in order to give the appearance that the job is getting done. Once the employees catch on to this cyclical pattern they move on or are replaced immediately. There is no room to develop your skills, perfect your art and truly produce quality work because at this bank Wealth Management, they are only concerned with 'putting a bandage over the wound' rather than actually healing it. Appearing to produce results is far more important than actually producing results. I would not recommend working here to anyone with an interest in longevity or the ambition to succeed in the Wealth Management business.","Wealth Management Advisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 14, 2013","1.0"
6561,"Good place to work in Pittsburgh","However, hard to advance or move around internally. I've met several good friends and mentors while working here.","Project Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2013","3.0"
6562,"Great and Layed back enciorment","nice envoirmentI learned how to be patient with people and how to pay attention to detailgoodCo Workers are the bestThe hardest part of the job will be leaving itthe enviorment is the best","Fulltime Bank Teller","Current Employee","indianapolis","February 12, 2013","5.0"
6563,"Great work environment","I represent 4 Regional Managers and their client portfolios. Three of the Managers are based in Southern New Jersey and PA. I am responsible to ensure that all their loan transactions are conducted in a timely manner.The most interesting part of my job is that it is multifaceted -as I deal with monetary transactions, loan extensions, new loans, letters of credit and research. Multi tasking and fast paced -as some of the transactions need immediate response ( e.g.wiring funds).Training consistantly to help us function better at jobs- which is very helpful and there are a lot of resources available. The best part of work is that we have a great team and management to work with.The hardest part is that we have learned that the job we love will no longer be available as we will be laid off in the near future and all our jobs will be moved to another state.","Loan Support Analyst - Commercial Lending","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","February 12, 2013","3.0"
6564,"Good values and upper management","Although I really like this bank and it's values, I felt there was a lack of communication and understanding within our specific branch which in return may have caused a lack of a team oriented workplace at times.Picked up many skills and learned a lot about the banking industry and was able to offer my skills and knowledge from my experiences.The work days felt long at times but usually went by quickly if kept busy and searching fro ways to imrpove the company/branch and yourself.I really enjoyed the ability to perform at a professional level through my experiences and what i have learned through my experiences. I was happy to share these experiences with my peers and superiors and help everyone around me become better; at the same time, learning from others the same way.Didn't like the employee advancement opportunities and the fact that employees came and went very quickly (usually at the employee's decision)","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","February 11, 2013","3.0"
6565,"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work at. I have learned a lot since i have been here and i am learning something new everyday. I appreciate everything this bank has offered me.","Teller","Current Employee","Sterling, VA, US","February 11, 2013","5.0"
6566,"Great team feel","Great work / life balance. Great training. Great team environment.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, MI","February 9, 2013","4.0"
6567,"Great group of people to work with.","The job is hard and can be tiresome. What makes up for that is we have a great team to work with.Sell and upsale company productsAssist customers with financial issuesMaintain e-mail correspondence with customersAssist customers with wire transferHelp maintain trust accountsMaintain knowledge of current company productsProblem solve bill pay issuesAssist wealth management clients with their business accountsMaintain consistent contact with other departments to resolve customer issuesReview customer accounts for fraudulent activities and assist in avoiding fraud","Finacial Specialist","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","February 9, 2013","4.0"
6568,"Banking in this economy","Banking is a tough industry with the low interest rate environment. The people at this bank are great. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping clients discover needs and fulfilling them. The downside is that management is under intense pressure to keep cost down while the worker is under that same pressure to ensure customer quality interactions. Cutting cost usually means limiting worker client interactions, which is counter to what clients want. As workers we are stuck in the middle.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Devon, PA","February 8, 2013","3.0"
6569,"Great Company","Great Company to work for.I enjoyed everything I did while working for this bank. I was a Teller Mananger and i enjoyed my job.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","February 8, 2013","5.0"
6570,"Fun, exciting envrionment","I arrive at work at 8 am, i procceed with my dail requirements of depositing currency and withdrawing it as well. My co-workers and I work together to accomplish more together. It is a fun ,enjoyable environment where the only part that is difficult is not being able to service all the customers needs","Teller","Current Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","February 7, 2013","4.0"
6571,"This was a fun place to work, management always encourgaged employees to further education","typical day = making sure all documentation were received from the clients and reviewed to send onto underwriting. Follow up with Sales reps to advise them of status on their closings daily.What I learned - We had several training classes when employed for a short time Learned processing, some underwriting.Co workers - the team I was assigned to all the co workers were so helpful and willing to teach everyone got along with everyone.Hardest part = I can't say there was a hard part of this job It was a great learning experience. I guess if have to answer this question the hardest part was dealing with sales reps sometimes to try to explain to them what was needed or not provided for a closing.Enjoyable part of the job, was a great team and actually looked forward to going to work every day.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Piscataway NJ","February 7, 2013","5.0"
6572,"Productive work environment but micro managing is over the top","• Maintain and improve customer relations• Provide quality customer service while managing customer complaints• Analyze, interpret and communicate detailed information/detail oriented• Meet monthly/quarterly individual sales goals• Communicate benefits of all consumer products and services• Conform with all quality assurance regulations• Strong phone communication skills","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2013","3.0"
6573,"Employed for very short period of time","I became a this bank employee through the acquisition of RBC Bank and was displaced after 2 weeks with the company due to position elimination.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 6, 2013","4.0"
6574,"Fun workplace, but upper management is harsh","I loved working here with my current manager, but due to upper management being so stuck on customer service and numbers; the branch I worked for is always under the radar.They make your every day job hard because they do not give you time to work on what needs to be done.","Financial Service Consultant","Current Employee","Flourtown, PA","February 5, 2013","4.0"
6575,"Good Place to work","Good people to work with, make you feel a part of the team immediately. Work/Life Flexibility is great, managers willing to work with you when situations arise. Appreciate that promoting within is a huge priority.","HR","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","February 5, 2013","3.0"
6576,"great working enviroment","it is a great place to work with cool and awesome people. it was a great learning experience","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Norristown, PA","February 3, 2013","4.0"
6577,"A great place to develop business relationships.","I was responsible for managing, training, directing, and coordinating activities for a 7000 call per month call center in the Operations department, My position required heavy interaction with all departments of the bank not only in operations, but with the corporate banking department as well. I was also responsible for maintaining a budget, and meeting the financial plan for the department. I worked heavily with the marketing department to assist in sales and to maintain current client relationships. I loved this job because it allowed me to work with so many different departments of the bank and with so many people with diverse backgrounds and skill sets within their job function. I was required to put in long hours, and did take work home. I enjoyed managing people, I liked getting to know them and assigning projects that matched their skills sets, that kept morale high and let them feel a part of what the unit represented. The pros were much more than the cons with this job.","Assistant Vice President - Client Services Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 3, 2013","4.0"
6578,"Summary","This is a fantastic organization and I cannot say enough about my current management team.Unfortunately, the opportunity for personal growth and promotion is not available to me at this time and I am ready to move forward.","VP Wealth Management - Assoc. Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, Ohio","February 2, 2013","5.0"
6579,"Paid the Bills","I learned everything about banking products and services. The hardest part of the job was that managers were always breathing down your throat for customer service even when you are in a sales role.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 1, 2013","4.0"
6580,"Great company with great benefits....","I started with the company already with 14 years of lockbox experience. I learned quite a lot from all my management team.. i had several managers durint my years there and they all encouraged me to follow my dreams. The hardest part of my job was the shift changes. I started out on weekends and then went to day shift and finally ended on night shift.. The night shift was the hardest.. I enjoyed the fairness and recognition all employees are given and the rewards also. Overall this bank is a great company..","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","College Park, GA","February 1, 2013","5.0"
6581,"this bank was an amazing job! I loved my co-workers and everyone who knew me thought I was a team player. this bank let me grow with-in the company.","My job was mostly Data entry. I would start my morning off by running reports and also doing the swift reconciliation from other countries. I would look over imports and exports and make sure our customers had the correcxt legal documentation to proceed with their transactions. Management was great! They helped you in any way they could, and they made the work day easier. My co-workers were well-rounded team players. They never hesitated to help when I needed it. The hardest part about my job was making sure I didn't make any mistakes. If I did, a customers transaction might not go through for the day, and that wouldn't look good for my company. The most enjoyable part of my day was being with my co-workers and learning from them.","Trade Service Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 31, 2013","4.0"
6582,"You work for your customers","Very stressful job. Enjoyed working with the public. Learned a lot of skills working there for fourteen years.","Teller","Former Employee","Sharpsville, PA","January 31, 2013","4.0"
6583,"Love it","I love this bank great place to work. I just need a new position being that i am leaving the dayton area.","Collector II","Current Employee","miamisburg, ohio","January 31, 2013","5.0"
6584,"Good for experience and a definite character-building job","Very systematic, strict day to day routine. Opening, during and closing procedures are expected to be followed through perfectly at the discretion of every supervisor, assistant manager and manager. Tellers expected to perform client transactions at the very minimum, with required pushing of sales, (must open a certain amount of accounts per month), as well as take on a major role within the company to prove worthiness of advancement, on top of all other responsibilities assigned by all superiors. Hardest part of the job is meeting monthly sales requirements. Most enjoyable part is the client relationship building and ease of computerized transactions.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Sterling, VA","January 31, 2013","4.0"
6585,"Fast paced workplace","A typical day at work entails non-stop phone calls from borrowers, I've learned about the mortgage industry through customer service because all calls are generated through customer service. Management is present but not very connected to actually working on the phone. My co-workers are great from what I can recall because we have very little time to interact with one another. The hardest part of this job is not being able to have a full lunch hour. The most enjoyable part of the job is some of the people you meet on the phone. Some times you encounter nice people that your really make your day.","Customer Service Representative IV","Current Employee","Jacksonville,FL","January 30, 2013","4.0"
6586,"Stressful Work Place with Life and Work Balance except for manager","The hardest part of the join is the keep balanced the fine line between banking requirements and investment expectation. Managers do not contribution to branch goals and are not held accountable.The most enjoyable part of the job is the day-to-day contact with the clients and learning about their lives, goals and dreams. It give me joy to help them navigate through difficult times and achieve their dreams.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Brunswick, OH 44212","January 30, 2013","3.0"
6587,"Fun workplace, cool people","high-volume, inbound call center. great managers and co-workers. very high volume of calls, meeting call handle time requirements is difficult.","Call Center Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 29, 2013","3.0"
6588,"A good company to work for. Highly recommended.","A good company to work for. I would recommend this to a friend.","Work Leader","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 28, 2013","5.0"
6589,"Compensation/ Benefits","Provide Assist, training, and mentoring on a wide-range of things, while working in a high level call center envorinment","Senior Employee Relations Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 28, 2013","4.0"
6590,"Employee engagement activities are highly recommended","As long as there is healthy communication amongst management and staff (especially to offsite staff members), you can have a successful department.","Loss Analyst IV","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 25, 2013","2.0"
6591,"An all-around diverse setting with positive co-workers.","My time spent at this bank was a learning experience, not only for the customers, but also for myself in understanding my banking and the benefits to each accounts offered. The most enjoyable part of my job was the relationships I was able to establish with consumers that came into our facility on a daily and/or weekly basis. The hardest part of my job was having to handle technical difficulties as they occurred during the day, these were far and few between, but caused a decrease in our efficiency when they did occur.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 22, 2013","4.0"
6592,"Boring","worked with mutual funds clearing breaks daily using DST Vision.","Control Accounting Specialist III","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","January 21, 2013","2.0"
6593,"They treated you below average standards. This was the company not the people I worked with."," this bank was the worst company I have worked for in my 40 years of work experience. I wouldn't recomend even banking with them!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ashland, OH","January 21, 2013","1.0"
6594,"Productive and a great way to connect to the local community."," this bank had a moderate work pace but I always found that I had something to do the entire day which was great. I really enjoyed my time working with my fellow employees at this bank.","Junior Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","January 18, 2013","4.0"
6595,"this bank","At this bank I have had the opportunity to learn and grow with an organization that supports it employees. I have learned to work independently as well as with a team. Management has supported my decisions to move forward with my career both inside this bank and outside the company. I enjoy going to work and learning more from my coworkers and meeting interesting people. The hardest part of my job is adjusting to working for a seven day branch.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","January 17, 2013","4.0"
6596,"this bank","I grew my career with them, and tried in-store banking, and financial sales consultant.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 17, 2013","5.0"
6597,"Wronged","HR department is not management friendly. It takes management out of the process. Also, manager must prove self over employee. The employee relations line is a joke.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indiana","January 15, 2013","2.0"
6598,"Great place to work and had ongoing training for various computer jobs","Worked at this bank for 38 years. Spent majority of my career in the branch system working with students at University of Louisville educating them about banking and finance. Met a lot of nice people and made a lot of friends throughout my time at this bank. Retired in March 2012 but ready to go back to work.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Louisville KY","January 15, 2013","5.0"
6599,"I loved my job","Loved everything about it! Customers were amazing, coworkers were easy to get along with.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ellicott City, MD","January 14, 2013","5.0"
