"review_title","review_verbatim","role","status","location","date","rating"
"Great place to work","Great training program, benefits, and management team. The pay could be better but that is really the only downfall. Overall a really enjoyable place to work.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 30, 2018","5.0"
"Good People Bad Management","Overall there are a lot of good people at this bank. Some of the higher up management doesn't have a grasp of what is actually going on. They 'sell' their new products to higher management, and bring in outside workers from prior employment to push their new products along. It's not allowing current employees a chance to learn and grow.","Systems Administrator, Senior - Team Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 30, 2018","3.0"
"Can be fun when your co workers knows the meaning of teamwork","I've learned that working in a bank doesn't mean glamorous, customers can still be unpredictable, 50-50 ratio of rudeness. Some customer can be really friendly.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Greater Washington","October 30, 2018","4.0"
"Enteractive with co-workers and clients","I enjoy banking for the company and assisting the customer. I work as a teller and CSR on the floor. When I asset the customers account and see that a product would benefit them I would explain how it would benefit them as well as the company.","Teller","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","October 30, 2018","5.0"
"Great starting 9-5 job!","I worked for this bank as a teller. I learned how to manage multiple tasks at once, answer phone calls, keep up with policy changes, work with others on tasks, customer service, etc. I've learned a lot that can stat-stuff my resume for other career opportunities. You also have multiple ways to earn extra money through incentives. However, being on the frontline and having to keep up with everything I just mentioned can be a real headache at times. Multiple scenarios and tasks can be thrown at you all at once. The hardest thing for me was learning policy and procedure just for it to change as soon as you get used to it, then having to explain that to a customer. Overall, I loved my time there at this bank. (This review is through the perspective of a young adult with no kids and real responsibilities.)","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Selbyville, DE","October 29, 2018","4.0"
"Freindly and competitive.","During my 16 years with this bank I felt respected for my years of experience and knowledge of the wealth management/trust business and enjoyed interacting with my co-workers on complex issues. Although competitive due to sales goals the atmosphere was always friendly. There were several department head changes during my time but fortunately they were all highly qualified individuals who knew not to micro-managers an already qualified team..","Vice President and Senior Trust Officer","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great work enviroment","Loved working for this company they made it enjoyable to come to work people are very friendly and helpful. Their compensation made sense to the amount of work associated with the job role.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Burke, VA","October 29, 2018","5.0"
"Bad management","The management teams were very mean and rude to employees. They did not follow the hand book as they were supposed to. They had more time to take pictures of employees outfits than to manage the pipelines for the employees.","Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","October 29, 2018","1.0"
"bank","A Tough spot to work for, management plays favorites, no room for advancement unless you are best friends with the manager. Lots of work and not team work to get the job done. Daily routine is set but no room for change.","Global Trades Trade Consultant - OFFICER","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2018","2.0"
"Lots of inexperienced or poor managers, politics & antiquated, slow technology & manual processes","I've worked in several different areas and all have many inconsistent & cumbersome manual processes. And project-related decisions take too long due to the need for multiple levels of management input and approval & key stakeholders don't attend status meetings or read minutes, so r unfamiliar with all the issues & either take weeks to give a final decision or make a rushed decision not taking the necessary time to understand the complexity or consequences of their decisions. PMs r too inexperienced to demand stakeholder attendance. If you speak truth to power (e.g there's no way this work can be done properly in the time given) u will be shunned, criticized by your manager for being negative & not being a 'team player' & will be written up on your annual review. Systemic dysfunction at its worst! Managers love to play Monday night quarterback when something goes wrong never recognizing (or admitting) that they made the final go ahead decision. No support for fresh new ideas or alternative solutions, which is so typical of a large bureaucratic bank. After u start working there, even when u make or exceed expectations, annual increases don't keep up with cost of living. With the keyword being EXPECTATIONS; even when u improve year to year, they will slightly tweek their expectations so as to not give too many 'exceeds' or 'greatly exceeds' ratings as mgr. r limited to only a small % of employees that can be rated 'exceeds' or 'greatly exceeds', so only their buddies & sycophants get that rating. It's a shame as NCB was such a better and more efficient place to work.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland","October 28, 2018","3.0"
"Great benefits","Management culture differs between departments and divisions. Big emphasis in TCOE to outsource all possible positions. After 22 years of service and survival of three acquisitions and one previous outsourcing of entire location in Kalamazoo, Michigan I needed to relocate to be close to my immediate family.","QA Lead Tester for Card Services","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work","This is a great place to work with many opportunities for advancement. Management will back you as much as they can and will help you grow in the company. Good sense of work-life balance as well.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 27, 2018","4.0"
"productive and infromative workoplace","At this bank i was able to procure better knowledge and experience the business world. I was also able to get more experience working with people from different backgrounds.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 26, 2018","4.0"
"Horrible"," this bank was a horrible place to work. The management was rude, condescending and there was minimal training before you were graded and chastised for your poor performance. The pay was far too low for the amount of responsibility employees were given ($11/hr but handling upwards of $300,000 in cash daily). Employees are expected to sell products but never given any training on what this bank has to offer or how those products work, yet you are expected to meet daily, monthly, and quarterly sales goals. Employees are paid commission, but you have to work for the company for at least 6 months before it is paid out, and it is paid out a quarter behind, so you won't see any commission for nearly a year. The company does regular and mandatory performance reviews and goal setting, but no options for advancement are ever given and no raises are ever given. You are given 15 PTO days and 6 separate sick days, but there are stringent guidelines on how PTO can be used and you can only take one full week off per year and can only take 2 long weekends (because you have to work Saturdays in banking). It is absolutely unbearable, and I would NEVER work here again.","ATM TECHNICIAN","Former Employee","Plainfield, IN","October 26, 2018","1.0"
"Compensation is Too Low","Unfortunately, this bank is known for not compensating well and this has been the case with me. The firm has not been generous with either salary increases or bonuses for the past few years.","Vice President - Investment Portfolio Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 25, 2018","3.0"
" this bank mortage"," this bank mortage was a stressful job and felt that you were just another number in the company. management only cares about how many loans you close a month even though you did not have all of the customer's information needed","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2018","2.0"
"typical office job talking to people all day stuck in a cubicle","Typical day at work consisted of coming in logging into your computer and taking phone calls all day. i learned how to service credit and debit card accounts. i didn't really like management being they fired me over a rumor that wasn't true. hardest part of the job was dealing with angry customers. most enjoyable part was working on Sunday being it was really slow on Sunday.","Credit Card Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 25, 2018","3.0"
"Was much much better when it was Midland Loan Services","I enjoyed working for Midland Loan Services. After this bank took over, it became merely a mundane job. No longer bonuses for non-salary positions, very few raises, no day after Thanksgiving off, no vending machines on each floor. Workload basically doubled to the point you were afraid to take a lunch, let alone a vacation or even half a sick day or you would come back to a boat load of emails. Pay was significantly lower compared to the competitors in the area.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","October 24, 2018","2.0"
" this bank people you work with are nice","It is hard to sell products when the traffic in the branches is slow and you see the same customers almost every day and the bank expects you to sell all the time to stressful","Teller customer service","Current Employee","Closter, NJ","October 24, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful atmosphere","Good company , low pay , no ability to grow within . Poor management . Some types of favoritism and discrimination as well . High stress for sales only .","Universal Banker and Relationship Business Banker","Current Employee","Colts Neck, NJ","October 24, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Answer calls from customers about their checking and savings, fees, atm's and deposits. I learned the difference between a bank and a credit union Management was great the help you to become successful The culture is diversified The hardest part was the upset customer when there would not be anything that could be done to correct an issue. The best part was being able to correct any issue","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 24, 2018","4.0"
"company is restructuring","Growing pains and previous reputation for mortgage lending hinder personal growth. there is good potential for future earnings providing the mortgage loan officer can be self sufficient.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","October 24, 2018","3.0"
" this bank is going downhill","Technology is outdated, don't appreciate employees . They are always bragging about how much money they make but give employees no raise .. just a poor company over the years","Records associate senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 24, 2018","3.0"
"productive","Team atmosphere at the branches I worked in. Overall positive experience and working environment. Management is very willing to give employees opportunity to advance.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA and Connellsville PA","October 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place To Work.","This is one of the best places to work. this bank provides you with a great culture, good compensation, work life balance, and gives you a challenge. I have enjoyed my time working for the bank and look forward to many more years to come.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 23, 2018","5.0"
"Productive days","• Trained and assisted all new hires in all aspects of duties i.e. performance, attendance, and company policies. • Prepared crew weekly schedules; opened and closed facility according to established procedures. • Underwrite conforming and non-conforming loans for secondary market investors and maintained the portfolio loans. • Mentored and assessed trainees and give feed back to management coach","Credit Analyst III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 23, 2018","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Helping clients with their financial needs, referrals to other line of business partners . Coaching staff and being coached .Great carrier path. Great training and training on every level . Great benefits , good salary.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Emerson NJ","October 22, 2018","5.0"
"Fun workplace","Enjoyed Working there. Learned some new skills. Great place to learn new technology especially for fresh graduates. Pretty relaxed and professional environment","Front End Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2018","5.0"
"Terrible for working parents or anyone else really","There are some things that are positive, like the maternity leave. You can literally take off 4 months to have a baby. The problem is after you have that baby, any time you may need is dependent on your manager/department. There are not set rules or policies as far as how to take OA time, leaving early,vacation days, etc. So, if you have to leave an hour early to take that new baby to the doctor, you better dam well have OA time or you are S.O.L. And don't even think about having a disabled child, because when those last minute things pop up, as they absolutely will, you either need to take OT time or FMLA that you won't get paid for. Even if your department has over time on a weekly basis, there is no making up unless it's 'scheduled'. Unless that is your are one of the special employees whose rules don't pertain to you; then you're ok. Also, they won't train you for you're position and if you make a mistake, they then want to write you up and threaten your job. You can ask just about any employee at this bank and they will tell you the training is deplorable. Throughout the entire company. Plus, don't think you'll be able to move around based on the merit of your work, work ethic, performance because it's all about who you know. If you don't know someone in a department, you more than likely won't even get a shot, especially if it's a supervisor position. They have to interview people for legal reasons, but what you don't know is they already have someone in mind for that position, so they are just wasting your time. I have a literally been turned down for a job the hiring manager - more...","Back Office Associate","Current Employee","First Side","October 22, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Everyone is always friendly and willing to coach you. There is a huge push towards sales. So that made me uncomfortable at times. For I am not much of a pushy person.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Easton, MD","October 22, 2018","4.0"
"Relaxed and collaborative workplace with gracious managers","This position was a relaxed, entry-level title. Management was made up of a collection of managers that oversaw their own team. My manager and my team were all very nice people that cared about work-life balance. this bank offered up to 3 weeks paid vacation, in addition to 6 occasional absences and one personal day that you could take throughout the year. The pay started at 12 an hour when I first came in, but changed to 15 an hour as this bank upped their minimum wage. Overall, I saw that employees and managers were all very happy and content with what this bank had to offer. However, living in Pittsburgh is very stressful and expensive, so it's not for everyone. I would recommend this bank to anyone that likes a quiet, independent work environment. Don't expect to get out of your chair very much while working this position. The only big downside that I saw is that you have to really work hard in order to ever progress. Managers don't want you to move up. I am sad to leave, but only did so that I could go part-time somewhere else and resume my education.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 20, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work, new management, more meetings"," this bank has been a great place to work for the past 5 years. There have been many changes over the years which has resulted in more meetings, more processes and more stuff that takes us away from our clients. this bank use to treat us like adults and now it is going towards constant monitoring and oversight.","Senior 401","Current Employee","Troy, MI","October 20, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place to Work, Very Corporate"," this bank has excellent benefit options, a lot of resources to learn from and to ask questions to. They have a pension plan and 401K (with a % match) and they had just bumped Minimum wage when I was leaving. A typical day in Document Imaging was busy but enjoyable, the team I worked with was full of nice and delightful people. The experience would probably change widely with different managers, of which there are many, but I like all of the managers that I met and worked with. The only Negative was how corporate the company could be. Timed task reconciliation (you timed yourself and you had to calculate your production at the end of EVERY DAY) was stressful and could leave you feeling like you under-preformed on a day that you worked your butt off. Often in daily morning production reviews the sub-par numbers would be the only thing noticed, not the workload or the numbers in the green. Overall though, if you can get past the numbers, this bank was a great place to work.","Document Imaging Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 19, 2018","5.0"
"Relaxed atmosphere, not micro managed, excellent training and acknowledgements relating to exceptional job performance","My supervisor is someone I would hope everyone had the chance to have as a boss. I have worked for 30 years and the last 5 years before I left, were the happiest I have ever been working for someone.","Asset Resolution Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2018","5.0"
"It's a call center so it's demanding","I just feel there is no room to grow or improve even if you can move up in the company they keep your pay at a lateral move. What is the point in taking a position 2 paygrades higher if your pay remains the same.","NMLS Registered Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 19, 2018","3.0"
"best place I ever worked at","Excellent atmosphere with ability to grow and develop, challenging yet supportive. Wealth of on line classes and courses to learn. Well run organization.","Senior Asset Manager","Former Employee","Akron, OH","October 19, 2018","4.0"
"Good benefits","Poor management, long working hours. Some of the customers can very unfriendly. Stressful working environment, unpaid one hour lunch and you spend one hour each day working longer. Good benefits but that's about it. Some weeks you are required to work 6 days a week. Very low pay for this type of job.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 18, 2018","1.0"
"Avoid this place","Was lured here and found management to be extremely unprofessional and biased towards certain people. Place is a sweat shop - burn 'em and churn 'em is what they do. No room for advancement - had the carrot dangled with regards to the yearly bonus - never received it. This place borders on psychological torture. Worked my hardest - total lack of direction within the technology area - don't get me wrong - there are some good people here - and they go through it as well. They torture you with this 90 day probation period - it's nothing more than a hazing. They should be reported to the state.","VP Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2018","1.0"
"Great Experience","Learn multiple roles and duties and job exposure. allow you to be places in leadership and recognition. Focus on customer experiences and traditional banking within the communities.","Service Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 18, 2018","5.0"
"Good Company to work for, each day is a good day at this bank.","The team is great to work with, and they always have things to keep you busy. Each day is an enjoyable day, I always enjoyed going to work for this bank. Great upbeat people and management is terrific.","FINANCE ASSISTANT","Former Employee","Portland, OR","October 17, 2018","5.0"
"Don't work here","You walk in every day not knowing if it's goig to be your last. The management sucks, and they're not supportive of you. This company is very discriminatory and will choose their favorites.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA","October 17, 2018","1.0"
"Decent place to work","Though it can sometimes be taxing or stressful to keep track of everything that you need to do, overall it was a decent place to work. Nights, weekends, and holidays off are a great perk. In addition to that, you get great benefits. Didn't really like calling customers to try to sell them on meetings, to then try to sell them on products or services. The sales goals tended to make things somewhat stressful. Other than that, everything else was pretty great. Great benefits, hours, perks, and pay.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Wellsville, PA","October 17, 2018","4.0"
"lack of communication, bad management","lack of communication, bad management, over working hours with no outcome, great benefits. empty promises about next positions. lack of keeping employees","Bucks County Admin","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","October 16, 2018","1.0"
"na","I enjoyed working with the people at this company. It has always been a pleasure to serve other and i was grateful to have the opportunity to be apart of a great team.","Senior Personal Banker","Current Employee","pa","October 16, 2018","4.0"
"Great working teammates","Company is focused on customers. Company provides state of the art technology to assist its customers with their banking. The company does a great job making it motto of ease confidence and achievement in assisting it diverse business and personal client. Good company making progress","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","October 16, 2018","3.0"
"Good people overall","Good people make a good company. Sometimes people get lost in the business. Automation is taking over which concerns me about people. The bank is very involved in communities it is currently present.","VP of Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work","Over all good place to work. Offers a good place to eat and lovely landscape, Good people, not too much chance to get to know anyone due to heavy call flow","Multi Channel Sale Specialist","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","October 16, 2018","4.0"
"No real challenges - The Manager didn't pay attention to the team","The manager was an senior manager stuck in their ways. Referred to the Administrative Assistant as 'Secretary'. At the risk of sounding sour, It was a great place to work unless you had to communicate with the boss. There were RARELY EVER positive conversations. Just putting out fires or helping them of a jam because they didn't want to take the time to do their job. The culture was good except for the management... Best part of the day was leaving. The manager also choose to ignore the enormous leadership development initiative set forth by our company leader. 'Strange' to say the least. I believe it was looked upon as time not well spent so it DID NOT happen. Managers only manage - Leaders only lead.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 16, 2018","2.0"
"Position Review"," this bank was an easy job nothing was hard. It was not for me. It was not what I expected. It didn't challenge me. I moved on to something that had more to offer to me and my family.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD","October 16, 2018","2.0"
"Poor Job Experience","Unfair personnel. Unfair Rules. Favoritism among employees. Unfair treatment among employees. No one worked as a team. A typical day was not challenging not a learning experience for Job Advancement. There wasn't any enjoyable part of the job.","Administrative Assistant - Legal Department","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2018","2.0"
"Good Vacation Time","Have earned 4 weeks of vacation Need more leadership when it comes to helping employees advance in their career. Everyone seems to be out for themselves in most departments. It's hard to grow once you hit a certain level and there's no help or direction on moving forward.","Universal Agent","Current Employee","I am a Remote Employee","October 15, 2018","4.0"
"Good Bank to work for.","Good Bank to work for. Partners are all professional. Most difficult obstacle is the sheer fact that it is banking which is highly regulated.. Good benefits and culture.","Asst-Pres, Business Banking","Former Employee","October 14, 2018","4.0"
" this bank puts their employees at high risk and has high turnover because of it."," this bank doesn't retain employees because of the staffing, training, and the no exceptions for mistakes. After this bank terminated me, I have had nothing but issues with my termination. They put the wrong month and date which caused my health benefits to be put on hold until they corrected it as well as my pay and vacation pay. I left this bank on September 19th and they had entered August 20th. As of Tuesday October 10th I was supposed to have everything corrected and have my paper work overnighted didn't receive it until October 12th after calling and asking where it was. I have had to call HR, ERIC, HEALTH/ 401 K department at least once if not twice a week to follow up what they were doing to fix this. Not a place I would recommend or ever go back to work for and plan on pulling all my accounts and going to a different bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bradford, pa","October 13, 2018","1.0"
"Too much micromanagement","A typical day consists of assisting clients in the branch and by phone. You are required to report to your manager your activities for the day before you leave.","Banker III","Current Employee","Fairhope, AL","October 12, 2018","1.0"
"teller","Learned a lot because this was my first banking position. Day went fast due to high traffic of customers. Management most were good & helpful. Liked all associates I worked with.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2018","4.0"
"Project Coordinator working Remote","Typical Day: Use Skype for most of the communications . Assist Project Managers with their assigned projects. Work in Clarity to track all Project information. Load Project Artifacts into Clarity. Construct Project Plan in Workbench or MS Project. Weekly Tasks: Cost Plans, Project Status Reports. Quarterly Task: Quarterly Assertions. Meeting Agendas, Meeting Minutes for any project meeting. Artifacts have gone through approval process. Resource Management. this bank had mentors for all new PMs and PCs. That made this process much easier and a much smoother transition that . People were great, but they abruptly ended the contract with the recruiting firm we were contracted through. 1 day notice. Not too concerned about their contractors, which were the majority of their project management team.","Project Administrator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 12, 2018","3.0"
"Great people, felt under valued.","Lots of hard work with little recognition. Learned how to work more efficiently. Management was mediocre. Workplace culture was built around teamwork.","Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 12, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to work through college","HR made it impossible for a current this bank employee to get a better paying job upon graduation from college because the pay jump was too great. They kept people from moving up, which increased their turnover rates.","Home Equity Loan Specialist II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 11, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company","Lots of exposure to different roles. I have learned how to do more out of branch work and sales. The workplace culture is good they do care about your opinion however management tends to micromanage. Hardest part of job is hitting incentive with lower salary. Most enjoyable part of job is knowing that you could eventually transition into another role.","Universal Outbound Sales Associate","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 11, 2018","5.0"
"it was an ok place to work","it was an ok place to work. I worked on the first floor at firstside with no windows. half hour lunch. two 15 minute breaks, the department I worked in closed. the separation agreement was good.","Process image application through IBM 3890 sorter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place","I was employed with this bank for about 4 years and would have loved to continue to grow within the company and advance but something happened and I was not able to. However I recommend them as a great place to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Elkton, MD","October 11, 2018","4.0"
"I had a great time working for this bank as a BSSR.","A typical work day at this bank starts at 8.15 am with a short meeting planning the day, and we are busy with an inflow of clients until five pm. I learn a lot in public relation and client center services. I excelled in customer service, had a great management who listens to employees and has built a great team. The most enjoyable part of the job clients being satisfied with my services.","Branch Sales and service representative October","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","October 11, 2018","5.0"
"Senior banker","It depends on where you work but in retail banking it was the worst when they changed regaional management. I would really think about if you like long hours and being over worked","Senior Branch Service And Sales Associate II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Company","Overall 9 out 10 rating. Some policies need some work and that is why they only got a 9. Otherwise, great employer. Would recommend this employer to anyone.","Universal Branch Banker","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","October 10, 2018","5.0"
"Great","I have enjoyed working at this bank! I get to work with all kinds of different people on a daily basis. I enjoy being able to do more than just one thing at the job.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","October 10, 2018","5.0"
"Flexible Work Environment"," this bank has policies that allow Work From Home for certain situations that benefit the company, although in the last few months this seems to be somewhat changing.","EPM ACFR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2018","4.0"
"N/a","For personal reasons, I do not wish to review this job or company at this time. Thank you for your understanding in this matter. It is sincerely appreciated.","Field Exam Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 10, 2018","4.0"
"Low Pay for same job at other banks","Great culture, decent work life balance, but overall pay compared to the job requirements is very low. Difference in pay for others varies very drastically.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Emerson, NJ","October 10, 2018","3.0"
"Review","Global PMI moderated for a fifth consecutive month to its lowest level in nearly two years. Although the measure remains above the neutral rate of 50, distinguishing economic growth and contraction, recent dollar strength and continued trade uncertainty could weigh on manufacturing.","Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","October 9, 2018","3.0"
"good people","I worked for 2 managers who were the best I have had. Still friends with both and would walk through fire for them. Upper management had no clue what they were doing","Processing Operations Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 9, 2018","4.0"
"not a fund workplace no longer a family atmosphere"," this bank is a not a good place to bank nor is it a good place to be employed. they changed there systems over for their loans and caused all kinds of complications with their customers. the higher ups were not available lots of management took vacation at that time and had the Escalations and Loans teams work through the issue. The Training for the new program was not adequate and no one knew what to do. It took months to try and get out of the mess and there are still isses.","Reg Consultant I","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 9, 2018","2.0"
"Good place to work","Typical day at work consists of analyzing customers financial data to qualify them for a loan modification or help with a short sale. Management style is hands off and the workplace culture can be stressful at times but rewarding when you are able to help a customer retain their home or close the short sale for them.","Credit Analyst in Loss Mitigation","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 9, 2018","4.0"
"Quick pace","I really did not like working here. The branch I worked at was very busy because of the businesses in the area. I typical come in and get my cash box. I worked in the drive thru so it would be at least 3 cars waiting for me. I learned that I didn't like counting money as much as I thought I did. My coworkers was really nice. Most of us got along. My manager was pretty cool as well but definitely was about business first.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 8, 2018","1.0"
"Certyain locations were good","As a teller I handled basic transactions, withdrawals, deposits, recommended new accounts, and other products. I built many relationships with the clients, who would wait for me to deal with their transactions and accounts.","Teller","Former Employee","McLean, VA","October 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great place","Don't intend on leaving unless, something much better is presented in front of me. Very nice place to work. They do have expectations, but I was always one to have goals and to want to reach them. The bank does have changes from time to time and I believe they do keep up with the competitors. If I do ever switch institutions in my career idk if I will ever close my account there. Great company overall. But you do need to understand they do have goals and expect you to serve the customers by meeting those goals.","Teller","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","October 6, 2018","4.0"
"Worst place I have ever worked!!","They were not flexible in an emergency. Too many people there like to stir the pot and create a hostile environment. I will never and would never recommend anyone to EVER work there. They work you to death and pay you horribly. Management was worthless as well. Any conversation you had privately with the manager, never stayed quite because that person always went and talked about it with everyone else. Horrible, horrible, horrible plavce to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Plainfield, IN 46168","October 5, 2018","1.0"
" this bank","Great company to work for. The associates are very friendly and everyone works really well together. The benefits are great but the pay varies, it really depends on where you are located. Some area's pay a lot less than others do.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","michigan","October 5, 2018","5.0"
"great workplace friendly people"," this bank was a great workplace wigth friendly people at the forefront of the company. this bank back office functions were a little iffy at times but at the end of the day got the job done. in my role with this bank it is very sales driven and not customer focused","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Pickerington, OH","October 5, 2018","3.0"
"Very difficult Job Inviroment","Most people had hours where there tour stated in the am and ended after dark. It is impossible to have a life outside of work with those hours. The managers are Phony.","Customer service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 4, 2018","1.0"
"Great place to start","As a part-time employee, I was able to gain extensive knowledge of daily banking routines such as balancing drawers, analyzing accounts, and offering products and services to clients. There is some stress involved when it comes to reaching individual goals but working as a team can help tremendously in enjoying the experience.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Annandale, VA","October 3, 2018","4.0"
"Competitive","The staff was always involved in contests for bonuses or recognition. They were very mean to each other and would purposely steal each other's accounts and sales.","ATM Teller","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","October 3, 2018","2.0"
"Culture & Career Growth","In my opinion, more career growth opportunities are presented to employees in the home office of Pittsburgh. The organization is so large that at times it is difficult to align resource needs to all the projects/programs that are approved for the year. This creates confusion on priorities for the organization.","Program Manager II","Current Employee","Ohio","October 3, 2018","2.0"
"Culture change","Micromanagement and no work life balance, cultural shift to a more confrontational environment. Department morale is low, more verbal and written warnings are given.","Team Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2018","4.0"
"Great atmosphere at the branch office","Cannot elaborate on how it is to work now since it has been years since I left the company. However, benefits were competitive and management was always supportive.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","The hardest thing about working in a branch is that every branch entirely depends on its manager. If the manager is out of sorts, the entire branch will be as well. I have worked in several branches with both good, attentive managers and also extremely poor, callas managers. Every workplace will have its issues, and professionalism should always come first. You should never see your manager and teller lead arguing over how to do lunches and yelling in front of customers threatening to quit the job. I have seen fantastic, helpful managers make sure that every employee knows how to do their job and willingly answer any question they have. I have seen managers treat employees like they're stupid for asking a question. The job culture and what this bank represents is a wonderful product and theme. They truly do want to do good by the customer and expect their employees to always do the right thing. As long as you've done your research into a branch, you can have an amazing work experience and enjoy coming to work everyday to see your friends/co-workers.","TELLER","Former Employee","Waynesburg, PA","October 1, 2018","4.0"
"high turnover low pay","low pay for region but great job security, job turnover high which is why.. they love promoting from within but will never pay an internal pro,otion as much as an external hire.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 1, 2018","2.0"
"My Experince","Overall this bank is an great place to work. I think that as an existing manager there should be better pay when you move up with in the company. The offer job advancement however you are paid way less then someone coming in new to the company","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 1, 2018","5.0"
"Fair Workplace","After spending 11 years at this bank I enjoyed my duties and my coworkers. I was grandfathered in to continue to participate in the pension plan, a 401k with matching was also offered. Health benefits were much better in the past, however still glad to have the benefits. Overall its a decent workplace. There are several lines of business in banking and it takes time to find the right position to feel comfortable in and excel in with the right leadership and management backing you. This is my opinion and experience only.","Lockbox Shift Lead","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 29, 2018","3.0"
"Going Nowhere Fast","I was excited about this bank when I 1st came, but quickly found out that this bank was a revolving door going to nowhere. The Comp plan sucks, the System sucks, and the chance to truly get paid on your hard work sucks. I'm sorry, if I'm selling refinances for $500,000 or better I should get more than $500. It take forever for Loans to fund too. The underwriters are lazy, the management is spread too thin, and the moral is worse than the set of Michael Jacksons Thriller. Heck at least the Zombies get to dance. The trainers don't even know the answer to vital questions and do not truly prepare employees to be successful after they leave training. MLO's made less than the Mail Clerks! Slap in the face and I wouldn't recommend anyone wasting their time. When I started it was 105 MLO's on the floor and when I left it was only 35. Don't waste your time, you'll just be looking for another place to work and that's sad because they're suppose to be a top 10 Bank. It's like getting all dressed up with no place to go! Last thing, It's not fun seeing people scared that they are going to lose their jobs. I wish some of these CEO's could spend time with their employees and see why you need to treat your front line better.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 28, 2018","2.0"
"Its a good job to have"," this bank is a good place to work if you find yourself in a position where you need immediate employment. There is no real structure in place for advancement however my direct supervisor was good at explaining how she could help me. However if a mistake is made your manager is not the one you are to speak to and they have no desire to keep you once you make one mistake.","Customer Care Center Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 27, 2018","2.0"
"Lead all branch business and activities, including the loan and balance sheet and sales performance","A typical day at work is supporting neighborhood businesses, helping people improve their financial wealth and volunteering our time and expertise. I ensure other team members achieve their goals as we grow the business and leading by example. To be well-organized with the ability to multi-task and prioritize. The enjoyable part is when as a team we help customers reach their goals. There are also many activities our team is involved in our neighborhood to make our jobs more fun and relaxing.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","September 27, 2018","5.0"
"good friendly work culture","good friendly work culture, most jobs are rewarding and flexible. Some of the entry level jobs are micro managed. It has been difficult to transfer to a equal level job once laid off.","Asset Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 26, 2018","4.0"
"Great Workplace","Great culture, awesome benefits (3 weeks vacation starting, 4 weeks by year 5 of tenure, dads get 6 weeks paternity leave with the birth of a child), good stability.","Mortgage","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 26, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","The people were easy to work with. The hours were not my favorite. Job was interesting. Had to do a few steps rather then just sitting and doing one thing.","Lockbox","Former Employee","Des Plaines, IL","September 26, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is a great company.","I would definitely recommend this bank as a place of employment to my friends and family. this bank provides the tools and resources to successfully perform the tasks given.","Care Center Consultant","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 26, 2018","5.0"
"They don't know how to treat their employees","Management is horrible. Always short staffed and long hours. They don't care about the employees expect for making sure that there is no line. No work life balance at all.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 25, 2018","1.0"
"Overall Experience","I have enjoyed being employed with this bank, I have been employed with the company for 6 years, have a flexible schedule, great management, open door to reach all management levels. This has been like home for me I have much respect for all of my co-workers and hope that I'm able to find another great home due to restructuring of the company.","Credit Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 25, 2018","4.0"
"Professional fun opportunities","Professional and ethically. Management very helpful and professional. Training is good at the class room and hand on. Room to grow within the company. Team work","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","September 25, 2018","5.0"
"Decent place to start","Goals are unattainable and constantly changing. The company does a great job of paying top producers in incentive, but salaries are very low. Management only cares about widgets not what the client actually needs.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Falls Church, VA","September 25, 2018","3.0"
"Overall","This is a good business with really good benefits and employee development. Really helped development me as an employee. I would recommend working here to a friend.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 24, 2018","5.0"
"Great first grown up job","This job has been great for me because it has allowed me to experience working full time with a company that values their workers. I feel there is little advancement opportunity in the location that I reside in. I also will be getting my bachelors degree in May of 2019 so I definitely looking for a pay increase.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Williamsburg, VA","September 24, 2018","5.0"
"The customer's always right, even though you're explaining the policy","They do not have their employee's backs. The customer is always right. You can explain policy and procedure till you're blue in the face, have the customer ask to speak to a supervisor who explains the same thing you did, and you're in trouble because they wanted to hear it from a supervisor. One of the worst jobs I've ever had.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2018","1.0"
" this bank Branch life is extremly stressful but the overall company is great","There are no excuses for being short staffed and you are asked to 'do what it takes' to get your job done. Between employees leave of absences, mandatory vacations, and turnover, I frequently work at night or early morning to just stay a float. It's a repetitive but not constant problem.","BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","September 23, 2018","3.0"
"Great Benefits","I enjoy working for this bank. I have gain a lot of knowledge in banking and process improvement. They offer a lot of great benefits overall. However, more action need to be taken when handling advancement and job placement.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 23, 2018","4.0"
"Diverse, Engaging, Challenging","Unlike other banking institutions or just other companies period, this bank really strives to provide their employees with work/life balance. The company also strives to give its employees the opportunities to achieve their best. The teams that you are a part of for the most part really work well together and have great collaboration. People from many diverse backgrounds allows you to grow as a professional and encourages you to think outside of the box.","Application Developer Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 22, 2018","3.0"
"Non friendly environment","Good reports at the time to work with. Come in work with bankers to complete loans. Bankers were okay to work with. Some managers were not friendly with even a good morning. Culture was divided","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 21, 2018","4.0"
"ok company","somewhat ok bank to work for, very disorganized back office and support staff minimal opportunity for advancement if not nonexistent, rather confusing work place culture","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","September 20, 2018","2.0"
"Average Company","This company did not offer enough full time positions at the time I worked there. I was unable to remain with the company on a part time basis. I left company to look for a full time job with benefits.","Figure Settlement Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 20, 2018","3.0"
"Fast-pace experience","Friendly atmosphere, teaching and learning was acquired. The company cared about employees and treated them well. Not much for advancement but paid more.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","September 19, 2018","3.0"
"Bad employee experience","bad company to work for. Poor Management. Micro manage employees. poor technology. too focused on numbers, and promote people without merit. Very bad experience.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","September 19, 2018","1.0"
"Fast paced work environment","Business is high energy and expectations to succeed is very important in this field. Looking for opportunities with every customer to build stronger relationship.","BUSINESS BANKING CENTER BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Towson, MD","September 18, 2018","4.0"
"Micromanage","Since the new management went in to place we are extremely micromanaged. We see no longer a person but a number. They act as if we see robots. The moral of the team is at an all time low.","Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"All in all a good place to start","Not the best job in the world ( i work in the collections department) but benefits are great and pay is good. Paid sick days (6 a year) and vacation (15 days plus one personally day.. which is basically the same thing). Managers are hit or miss however I've worked under three in the department and all have been wonderful and supportive.. the higher up the later of management the less they care about the little guy. If you do your job well and put in your time you can move to other departments that are less stress and better pay. All in all a great place to start in a corporate environment.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 18, 2018","3.0"
"Management is sub par"," this bank is struggling to meet satisfactory ratings with the OCC. As a result the risk program is under constant revamping. Changes occur so frequently it's nearly impossible to keep up. Not enough staff to handle existing workloads.","Risk Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","2.0"
"Great Company to work for","I love working for this bank its a great company to work for its sales oriented but is not hard to do. The management team i had was great and the training is all paid for. The benefits are great the hours are set i cant say anything bad. The only thing i will recommend is if you work in banking you have to move to other branches or other banks if you want to move up advancement within the company is difficult.","TELLER","Current Employee","Canton, OH","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a company that provides excellent benefits and work/life balance. The compensation is fair and management really cares about their employees. I came into the bank with absolutely no experience with banking and this bank gave me all of the tools I needed to learn and excel at my position.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"Productive","Great place to work. Typical day at work start at 8am and work hard until 6pm. The only bad thing is they have yearly layoffs they call reduction of force. I wish they would consider the work one does before just laying off good people.","Asset Manager","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"Decent pay but absolutely awful management","Upper management has no clue the day to day. Often worked till 7pm or later despite branch closing at 5 because in branch manager couldn't finish their daily tasks. Would be forced to take random conference calls during peak hours despite heavy traffic. Turnover is so high other bankers have no clue how to perform their job and management is not willing to train. Often asked to do unethical things.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","September 17, 2018","1.0"
"Good workplace","If you like data entry and sitting for prolonged periods then the job can be rewarding. A typical day is logging in and begin to enter data into database.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 17, 2018","4.0"
"Teller Lead","I was hired for a lead teller role with no background experience in banking. The branch was a large and very fast paced with little down time to solidify skills. Management at specific branch was very relaxed and didn' t always provide support.","Lead","Former Employee","North West PA Market","September 17, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to work","Nice environment to work in. Management cares about their employees and helps them overcome any issues and succeed. Friendly co-workers and nice work to life balance","Branch Service and Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 16, 2018","4.0"
"Great job","I enjoyed the many facets of this bank. The relationships built there are for a lifetime. They encourage you to find the best job possible within the company.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 14, 2018","5.0"
"Workplace Culture","The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know my coworkers and bank customers as friends. There were challenging people in both areas but were definitely in the minority number wise.","Teller","Former Employee","Shelby Charter Township, MI","September 13, 2018","4.0"
"Work life balance","Great! They have a great work life balance and want to improve you skillsnas you advance in newer positions. this bank is a great place to work. I am trying to get out of the financial industry.","II","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 13, 2018","5.0"
"Fun place to work, flexible hours and in-depth training","Great place to work, flexible work schedule, tuition reimbursement, and incentive plan. Offers in-depth training. Would like to see increase in the tuition reimbursement amount.","Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2018","4.0"
"Would be a better place to work if employees were compensated accordingly."," this bank is a great place to work and learn but the pay does not justify the work load. There are hundreds of employees who leave their positions with this bank because opportunity elsewhere presents itself in form of same work load but significantly higher pay. Management is okay, culture is fine as long as the team meshes well together.","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","Durham, NC","September 13, 2018","2.0"
" this bank career advancement not as good as I had hoped"," this bank says in all of their internal publications that they are trying to give control to the employee to advance their careers. However at the this bank help desk, there is a very limited number of paths to advance your career. It is possible, but not easy and not very much support is provided by management.","Help Desk Administrator I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 13, 2018","2.0"
"decent work experience as long as you are accurate and quick","The pay was better at Midland Loan Services is better than State . The first half of the first year was enjoyable but as the months go by, the expectations rise and there is less room for error. There is some teaching but often the individual is left to figure out issues on their own. The department had a lot of procedures in place but sometimes it was hard to follow and there was some inconsistencies among different senior employees so it made it harder to know what to do in certain instances. Still, there were trainings and meetings to aid and address the the errors.","Commercial Loan Payoff Analyst I","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 13, 2018","3.0"
"Best Employer"," this bank was probably the best employer I worked for. I worked in the Leadership College of the newly formed Corporate University. I was afforded the opportunity to assist other this bank lines of business with employee development activities and there were always new challenges. I would never have left the company if it wasn't 911 and how the world changed that day. I have a very good Supervisor and the team I worked with was very professional.","Training Project Manager and Corporate Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 12, 2018","5.0"
"My time with this bank was okay","My time with this bank was okay. The environment was very stressful and the employees were not happy in their positions which affected the moral. The starting salary was very low and chances for advancement within the department were low.","Front End Collector","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 12, 2018","3.0"
"Great people to work with"," this bank is a good company to work for. My co-workers were like family. Used to have a lot of incentives for the employees but have currently discontinued them.","Operations Work Lead SR","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 12, 2018","4.0"
"Very high expectations and low salary","I thought I would be at this bank until I retire. Not after I realized that I have hardly rec any raises in the last 4 years. The job is very stressful and very high expectations.","Universal Trainer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 12, 2018","3.0"
"Nice place to work","During my tenure with this bank i enjoyed working with my branch teams. I performed in many capacities from teller, customer service, sales, cold calling via phone.","Customer service Rep","Former Employee","Hiram, GA","September 11, 2018","4.0"
"Not a fair place to work","In the Dallas contractor office in Plano, They cancelled the contract and fired over 20 PMs for something that 3 developers did on their laptops, very unfair!","Project Manager for Cyber Security","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","September 11, 2018","1.0"
"summary"," this bank is a great place to work. There are definitely heavy volume times, but the team always finds a way to get the work done. I do feel as volumes increase that this bank should take a better look at staffing appropriately to handle the increases in volume and additional products being launched that also bring in additional volume to the Line of Business.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","4.0"
"Not a fun place to work","Overall the views and what the company stands for is great, however I never experienced them treating their own employees with a high level of respect, I say some even disrespect others.","BANKING CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Ohio","September 11, 2018","3.0"
"workday","gave room for advancement , had daily meetings and updates, received monthly bonuses,had immediate access to a supervisor if needed. the hardest part of the job like any other customer service is dealing with irate customers.has the freedom of working from home.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","I started there as a teller and got promoted to an onboarding manager within 11 months. the only reason of relocating was they do not promote anyone before their 1 year of employment is completed.","Teller to Platform Personnel","Former Employee","West Hazleton, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
"Good","Teamwork, integrity and quality of life are just some of the values that our employees demonstrate every day, whether working with peers, listening to customers or volunteering in the community through the various programs and initiatives that they invests in.","Corporate Business Analysis Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Professionals, synergy and teamwork abounds here. It's a great place to work ad would still be there if not for some unfortunate behavior of others. Would go back in a second.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2018","5.0"
"good work environment","Everyone is willing to help out. Good environment where I feel welcome and accepted. Job is sometimes challenging but in a good way. Room for growth is good.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 10, 2018","5.0"
"great company"," this bank is very employee driven they go above and beyond for their employees. they really care about family and they thrive for excellence. I honestly love working for thus company. The hardest part would definitely learning all the different procedures.","Branch Sales Associate","Current Employee","Pequannock, NJ","September 10, 2018","5.0"
" this bank Mortgage - Not a fit for me"," this bank as a company has great benefits; Health, dental, vision, HSA, 401k, vacation time and sick pay. The mortgage industry can be very stressful. After an annual review, the raise was very minimal and less than 2% when meeting all expectations. Management lacks communication, micromanaging has significantly increased. The required 'minimum' for the daily job is highly unobtainable. The amount of knowledge that is expected to perform the daily job, in addition to the stress of the nature of the position, blinded management, and the lack of compensation I feel is incredibly unfair. Morale is very low, I will admit, each person is accountable to uplift themselves and others, but this bank puts full responsibility of this on their employees, There are no, to maybe very tiny attempts from a 'corporation' to value their employees.","Customer Support Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2018","3.0"
"poor work vs life balance","I was told when I took this position that I would be required to work every other Saturday. I was scheduled to work every Saturday for the duration of my employment. The training was inconsistent. The management was inconsistent.","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Former Employee","Saint Charles, MO","September 10, 2018","2.0"
"management"," this bank offers a good work/life balance. The folks working at this bank are good people and try hard. Overall, not a bad place to work - pay is not overly competitve with rest of industry.","Site Sales Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 10, 2018","3.0"
"Low pay for the level of responsibility","Low pay for the level of responsibility. You were second in charge after the branch manager, shouldn't the pay reflect that? Branch Manager made the workplace very toxic.","Branch Sales and Service Associate III","Former Employee","Rockingham, NC","September 10, 2018","3.0"
"Unfinished","I worked in the corporate office downtown and as never able to get to the real point of me being hired. I had editing their level four policy with a mentor but wasn't able to interview managers to figure out procedures, write those procedures, and then create a document that would be used to train people. The powers that be saw that a red flag from an audit had been fixed and decided to let all the temp employees go. That shouldn't have included me because the others were data entry, and yet I was let go, as well. We were placed in an old server room in the very center of the floor, so it was closed off and freezing. We were given leave to do whatever we wanted throughout the day as long as we got the immediate responsibilities done. I didn't feel like a proper employee of the place because of being both isolated and almost alienated.","Documentation Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2018","2.0"
"Summary","A very nice group of professionals. It was not what I expected after being hired. The support training that I needed was not available and took to long to materialize.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Sarasota, FL","September 9, 2018","3.0"
"It's a numbers game."," this bank will teach you about the 'conversation' but in reality it is a waste of time with constant double entry of information and debriefs that might as well not use a computer. The incentives are a joke and upper management pretend to say we aren't Wells Fargo. However, the constant nick-picking and lobby engagement doesn't allow us to do our job properly. For a conservative bank, they act surprised when 70% of the credit card apps get declined and you punish your loyal clients and reward the ones that don't manage their funds properly. You don't get paid all that well and the retention is horrible. This is why this bank offers 'bonuses' to try to keep you to stay on for just one more year as they suck your will to survive.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","September 9, 2018","1.0"
"Marketing & tools lacking","products don't meet all client segmentations and are not competitive in the market place. client website offers a good tools for clients but like many firms it is a widget environment.","Private Client Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 8, 2018","3.0"
"Customer Service has very little flexibility","You are clocked with everything you do on the computer. Every second you're not 'auto in' they subtract that from your schedule adherence. Realistically you have about 30 minutes to be out of adherence. They really stress being in adherence. Although you cant just end a call when you want so one long complicated call could easily put you out of adherence. You have two 15 minute breaks, but again a call can easily go all the way through that break. You then have to decide whether to take that break and risk not being in adherence for the day. So you could realistically be taking calls for 4 hours straight if you have a call that takes up your whole break. Got to go to the bathroom, thats going to be counted against your schedule adherence if you cant hold it until your lunch or regular break. Hardest part of the job is having talks with customer who have no money, no concept of personal finance, and they are only calling in because they don't understand why they have over a hundred dollars in Overdraft fees. We are supposed to educated them on how to prevent that from happening, and offer solutions for the future, but most of these people just want to argue and want the non-refundable fees refunded. Best part, there is an employee appreciation week with games, food , and you get to interact with the upper management. Also, there are some really nice people and sweet old ladies that call in, but thats not the majority of the calls unfortunately. Overall, its a great way to get your foot in the door to a great company, and can really help you get experience for your resume - more...","Call Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2018","4.0"
"What I Learned","I learned I am not a salesperson. This is a very competitive sales role and this bank expects you to wring referrals and account/investment openings from nowhere. Sell, sell, sell. Well I am more for protecting my customers' well-being so I tried to give them good advice, not up-sell them at every turn. Therefore I could not get transferred/promoted and got the minimal raise at the start of the year.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 7, 2018","3.0"
"'Okay' Position","If you want good work/life balance do not work in a this bank in-store setting. You will work weekends and holidays. The bonus structure is based on credits and you get paid one percent for each of those credits. The salary is significantly lower than most banks and credit unions.","Financial Advisor and Sales Representative","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","September 7, 2018","3.0"
"Loved my co-workers, did not like certain manager","I did not like a certain manager and I got stuck working with her for the last 3-4 months of my employment with them. This was after I was transferred from a branch that I loved without any say so from me.","teller","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","September 7, 2018","2.0"
"Ability to work Remote","Management is good. Bonuses are not as easy to obtain as explained but if in the right situation they are obtainable. I love being able to work from home and have the ability to start work at 9am. No overtime is a blessing and a curse.","Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 7, 2018","5.0"
"Great culture for a commercial bank environment"," this bank is a great Bank to work for and they are much more people centric than other commercial banks. Management takes a keen interest in your development and advancement.","Underwriter","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","September 7, 2018","5.0"
"Regional Leadership/ Work Culture"," this bank has the potential to be a great place work. However, in the past 2 years there's been an extreme lack of leadership resulting in a very high level of turnover. I mastered many skills, and enjoyed the opportunity to grow client relationships, but the focus changed in to a more micro managed, sales oriented environment, where the branch manager's had little lead way to make judgment decisions in the best interest of the team, or clients. The Region's Leaders don't care about the branch employee's. There were many days they would enter the branch, and not speak to the staff. That in itself makes one feel unappreciated, and devalued. A main reason for the increase, and loss of many valued, tenor employees due to the ability to break down the regions morale. The benefits are okay along with the chance to earn incentive bonus. Communication which is one of the company's core values was almost nonexistent. Sometime new hires aren't given a fair chance at proper training, and advancement depends on who you are, Overall this bank is a good company when led by consistent, strong, management. Loyal employees create loyal client relationships.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 6, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work."," this bank is an awesome place to work especially for someone fresh out of high school. They pay well for a first time job and in general for that matter. There is plenty of room for advancement and every manager I've had has pushed me to advance. The reason I don't want to work there is that it's not in my line of work, I'm just tired of doing something I didn't go to school to do.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo","September 6, 2018","4.0"
"not great","a lot about this bank is ideal as far as pay and nice facility and decent work/life balance but that only goes so far. management and up do not seem to care. you are just a number. and this bank has poor ethics when it comes to politics","business","Current Employee","business","September 6, 2018","2.0"
"A good place to work but needs some work"," this bank is a nice place to work, it is a large company however, if you are placed in a slower branch it may be difficult for you to advance in your career","Branch Service and Sales Associate Universal","Current Employee","Blue Bell, PA","September 6, 2018","3.0"
"Team work","Good knowledge of the various process happening in the bank environment. Effective communication skills and inter-personal skills. Efficiently handled various bank teller tasks and received best teller award for the same.. Handled various accounting transactions and reconciliation tasks. Provided account status data whenever requires and handled phone enquiries. Informed customers about various bank products","Teller Banking Representative II","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 5, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyable job but not the pay.","Below average pay structure in comparison to similar companies in the area. The work/life balance will differ from one department to the next as well.","Business Systems","Current Employee","Ohio","September 5, 2018","3.0"
"normal","good company and good benefits . great culture . would recommend as employer . good company to work for moms . needs to increase their salaries . normal","bssa","Current Employee","VA","September 5, 2018","3.0"
"Financial Services Company","Great benefits, unreasonable goals, normal work week 40+ hours, outside business development required, management is aggressive and older, culture of coaching, job is very stressful","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 5, 2018","4.0"
"Csr","Very stressful work environment never feel settled in but if you happened to make to a year if youve done everything they demand you do get an opportunity to move to better hours or different departments","Customer service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH 43213","September 4, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company","Great opportunity for advancement and room to grow within many different lines of businesses. Work life balance is a priority in most departments. Flexible work arrangements","Client Experience","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2018","5.0"
"Tremendous growth opportunity","When I was hired I was able to be promoted within a year. I was able to go to several different areas within the bank to grow my career. They have a great process to follow to enable you to be promoted.","Branch Manager Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 4, 2018","4.0"
"Very dependable"," this bank had the usual opportunities of working for a large corporation. Banks are very unstable with mergers and job security. They required a high level of responsibility with very low salary compensation.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Noblesville, IN","September 4, 2018","3.0"
"Productive,pleasent people"," this bank overall is a nice place to work. I do not enjoy the sales aspect of my position that seems to be overtaking the customer service quality . The work life balance is very unbalanced, as we are not allowed a full day off and work six days a week.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, MD","September 4, 2018","4.0"
"Great work envoirnment","One of the best jobs I had ever had. This company gives you everything you could ask for. Benefits, Work/Life, Competitive compensation. The biggest issue they have is with MANAGEMENT. One bad manager can taint an entire experience, and that tends to happen quite often in this bank, as Managers are often quickly replaced and/or rotated. Consistent management is key to running a good business, and this bank fails to find good managers.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","September 4, 2018","5.0"
"Very bad work environment","Waiting on customer, processing all their banking needs. Management was not flexible with you for your family life. Working for a bank is a very strict work environment.The sales goals are the hardest part of the job. The most enjoyable part of the job was talking to the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Freeland, PA","September 3, 2018","1.0"
"Great Place","In my top two favorite companies to work for. This company had great benefits and was very reasonable with the amount of work. I felt very fulfilled.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2018","5.0"
"great place tp work","productive workplace , sales goal needs to be met quarterly. always need to refer products to patners , all great benefits 401k and eye and dental . they also have pension plan. The bank is a great place to work with good hours and no overtime required.","Sales Associate","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 3, 2018","5.0"
"Ok Place to work","I learned a lot about the mortgage business and all the different forms associated with Mortgages. took all classes that was required, met my goals as required.","Records Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 3, 2018","4.0"
"Loan Support Analyst I","Process payments to borrower's loans who are in Loss Mitigation. Remove loans where signed documents or no payment have not been received. this bank offers employees to volunteer to assist preschool students is fun and develops the community.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","September 3, 2018","3.0"
"Salary","Two major issues with this bank are; low salary and lack of career advancement. If you live in Pittsburgh, PA where the headquarters is located you have a better chance of advancing your career. However, if you are located in Philadelphia then the company is only an experience mill to help you gain experience for other financial companies. Even if you have a bachelors degree and try to advance from an Analyst I to an Associate I or II your application will be denied, mainly due to the company mainly wanting to hire from the outside and keep salaries low. Personally I like my current job, but my talents are being wasted and management are only interested in making themselves look good. So if you are a newly graduated undergrad this company is a good start to get your foot into the financial door and nothing more.","Implementation Associate I","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 3, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work, the management team is wonderful and very helpful. The most enjoyable part is your always happy coming into work. Everyday you learn something new.","Weekend Supervisor","Former Employee","Phillipsburg, NJ","September 2, 2018","5.0"
"Love it","Working here has allowed me to grow within my skill set and experience that I've gained within my career. Taking the leap to come back to retail banking and excel has been amazing.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","September 1, 2018","5.0"
"I do not want to leave but I cannot find a job i like","I enjoy working I used to love my job until they turned to sales. and all what we do is pushing products to the clients. I wish I can find a back office job or accounting job there . I feel bad to leave after 22 years","Teller lead","Current Employee","Parlin, NJ","August 31, 2018","5.0"
"Do not concider working here","This is a sales position. They are very competitive with their goals; however, the salary sucks. They pay the least of all banks and they will negotiate.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 31, 2018","1.0"
"Competetive if you are willing to put the work in","As with all Organizations there is pros and cons. As long as you are dedicated and have the desire to be a Top Performer, the Company is pretty fair in recognizing and awarding your hard work. As with most Branch Manager positions you are responsible for anything and everything. The Company can be more mindful in providing faster and modern technologies to help balance all the spinning plates. FTE and Staffing allocations are slim which can be a challenge in meeting your Customer Service, Production and Coaching/Development of your Team. Also, the Branch Manger is the primarily the Business Banker as well so getting out and prospecting to execute on Business Calls can be tricky if you are not fully staffed and have the right Team in place.","Vice President","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 31, 2018","4.0"
"Super fun place to work","Being apart of Legends at this bank arts center was really fun. I get to listen or watch a concert while working and making sure the guest had a good time. Even though, It is an outdoor venue, I didn't mind.","Bartender","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","August 30, 2018","5.0"
"The company is very diversified and hires people from different demographic groups.","Good place to work but lots of sales pressure and no clear career path for branch staff. The tools for work are great and the company is big and solid.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Maryland","August 29, 2018","3.0"
"Company overpromised and underdelivered","Would not like to work there again. Very little support. Loans took way to long to underwrite, process and fund. Little help from management. Worked long hours with little or no results after being top producer with Wells Fargo","Sr Home Mortgage Consultant","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 29, 2018","2.0"
"fun workplace with amenities","it was fun because you never knew when this bank would honor the company with little gifts or look at the monthly calendar and see when we would have bagel and banana day. The hardest part was telling the customers that their account had been overdrawn and fees were incurred.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 29, 2018","5.0"
"Good Company, Hire The Wrong People","Job was good,Coworkers were great Management was not good. Expected us to reach goals with limited assistance and would get them blame for coming up short on bank goals even when we met our individual goals.","TELLER","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 29, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work"," this bank really lives the work/life balance culture. They do provide an environment where you are in charge of you own destiny, however that may be due to the large workload/span of control being put on the management team so that they cannot allocate any time to this activity. Compensation process is flawed.","Business Analyst Staff Manager - IT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 29, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work.","I enjoyed my time with this bank. It is a well established bank where the company is not in a constant state of reorganization. Roles are well defined and management has a clear direction and expectation.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","August 29, 2018","4.0"
"Employees do not matter","It was very frustrating working at this bank. Anytime a customer got upset or had a disagreement it automatically became the employee's fault. I've been called out my name, cursed out, etc yet every time I was the one who got written up. The manager was never available to help us nor did she ever stick up for her employees. I just had to accept that no one cares about me as an individual. I'm just another employee that is replaceable. After my new manager came in the job was no longer enjoyable. I cried everyday before coming in just because it was a depressing atmosphere.","Assistant Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Plainfield, NJ","August 28, 2018","1.0"
"Very good place","Amazing experiences working there. Nice workplace. Very educating experience. Very good work life balance. Allows you to move up according to your potential.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","August 28, 2018","5.0"
"Good company to work for but management is terrible."," this bank is a great place to work but it is hard to move upward in your field. There are limited positions availble. At my 2 year mark I asked for a raise or even insight on some job opportunities and I was turned down on both after being praised for all the great work I've done. It might be just my manager, but I definitely does not look good upon the company.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Green, OH","August 28, 2018","4.0"
"stressful work life","they didn't care about your future at this bank they just need to make sure you got your numbers by any means possible. management always popped up unannounced and then my manager would always act like a completely different person.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Belcamp, MD","August 28, 2018","1.0"
"Great for young adult","No room for growth at all. This job is good for someone that is young and still lives with their parents. While there it was fine. I needed more. Management seems to not wont you to better yourself","Branch Financial Sales Consultant I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 28, 2018","3.0"
"Customer Service"," this bank is a great bank as a customer. They offer all the things retail banking customers are looking for. As an employee, they were great to work for except for compensation. We once had a meeting where the Regional VP was talking about different levels of accounts. He said 'who doesn't have at least $2,000 direct deposits per month in their checking account' (helps avoid monthly fees) and everyone in the training meeting raised their hand was like 'I don't even come close to $2,000/month in direct deposits'. Showed how out of touch management was from their customer facing employees. I believe this bank recently increased their minimum wage, but when I was there, it was below $10/hr. They offer tons of incentives for referrals, but you were lucky to get one or two per day due to the emergence of online banking and most people making the switch from traditional means. Overall great company. Just don't work here if you are the only source of income in your family (more of a supplemental income position or for mom's re-entering the workforce).","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Jarrettsville, MD","August 28, 2018","3.0"
"Not Good","A lot of BS and little opportunity. Management is a revolving door. ive nothing more to say. i am just trying to get get out of this screen. how much more do i have to write?","Relationship Manager - Private Client Group","Current Employee","Muskego, WI","August 28, 2018","2.0"
"Buen ambiente laboral","Recepecion de materia prima, realizacion de certificados, inspeccion de lineas de produccion, producto terminado, encargada del manejo de personal de las lineas de produccion, cumplimiento de bpm y 5´s , control de docuemtos del area de calidad, muestreo de producto terminado y superficies inertes y vivas para su analisis microbiologico, control y destruccion de this bank , entre otras actividades...","Auditor de calidad","Former Employee","San Luis Potosí, S. L. P.","August 27, 2018","5.0"
"bank teller","typical bank teller position. I would count cash and make deposits for clients. I would also make product recommendations to make our clients money work better for them.","Teller Representative 1","Former Employee","Colts Neck, NJ","August 27, 2018","5.0"
"hours and pay great","The hours were great along with the pay. You got quarterly bonuses depending on your performance. There is a lot of room for advancement. There is always someone available for help.","Online Banking Tier II Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 27, 2018","5.0"
"Great Work Environment","I truly enjoyed the culture an work environment, teams worked cohesively together and supported one another. Management recognized those who achieved and exceeded expectations.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Gillette, NJ","August 26, 2018","4.0"
"Working with this bank"," this bank is a company that believes in providing excellent service to the customer. I have learned different processes and procedures that have helped me to grow within the company. The management staff is very supportive in your growth and are very knowledgeable. At this bank they believe that the environment should be pleasant and professional. The hardest part of the job is understanding the needs of the customer and how your products relate to them. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a team that has great communication skills and the day to day interactions with the people we are helping.","Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","August 26, 2018","5.0"
"High pressure unrealistic expectations"," this bank can be a great place to work depending on your manager. Too many managers don't follow the guidelines set for them which results in a high pressure environment with unrealistic expectations. If you are not in a sales role you will probably enjoy your job.","Kalamazoo Region VP","Former Employee","Michigan","August 24, 2018","2.0"
"Good Work Environment","The work environment at this bank is exceptional. The manner in which the management team treats the employees is great and there is always someone willing to help.","Vendor Relationship Risk Specialist","Bank Officer","Brecksville, OH","August 24, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","Great company to work for with great people! Fantastic junior analyst training program with lots of opportunities to advance and move laterally within business units within the bank.","Credit Products","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 23, 2018","5.0"
"Big spending in technology, but bad people management","I found the management to be a closed set of people that hogged the limelight and never give credit to their teams. It looks like every person is for himself and intense power struggle is in play most of the time.","Integration Architect","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2018","1.0"
"Lack of career advancement","Lack of management & structure from Upper management; Sale driven. go above and beyond for their clients. Poor internal communication. Lack of empathy","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 22, 2018","3.0"
"Expectations of each individual employee are a little high","In some instances, little to no training is available. Too many meetings; inconsistencies; communication is poor. There is a lot of room for opportunity within the area that I work in.","Quality Analyst - Risk, Compliance & QA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2018","2.0"
"I did not like the company culture","I was in an accelerated college program that did not properly train the new employees. It was rushed and not effectively facilitated. It was a bad experience.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Columbia, MD 21045","August 21, 2018","2.0"
"Customer Service","work and home balance, benefits were good, like the vacation perks and professional growth. i would recommended this bank for someone who is starting banking for the first time.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","August 21, 2018","4.0"
"Hard work low pay","They have made it so one position covers them all. One employee is responsible for all branch jobs. Being a teller, being a loan officer, being a customer service representative, being a notary, etc. There were very few days that I got more than a half hour lunch, would work at least 3 weekends a month but it was very offten over a month before I would get a weekend off. They rely heavily on gallop surveys for performance reviews. Where you may get one review a month but have hundreds or thousands of interactions the one review determines everything. So if it was your one 'off' interaction a month that's all that matters. The pay was not worth the job at all.","Branch sales and service associate","Former Employee","Marysville, OH","August 21, 2018","3.0"
"unstable working environment","salaries are not bad, the commission is not good and the working environment is not stable at all, always changes in management. very sales and product pushy","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cedar Grove, NJ","August 21, 2018","2.0"
"Work/Life Balance","The company is great if you're interested in getting your foot through the door for banking; however, the commission is only if you get a certain threshold of accounts. The in-store branches have almost no life/work balance and have made the goals more difficult for the branch. My senior staff members have been with the company around 2 years and they make around the same salary as I do when I've been there roughly 8 months. It's a great learning experience as well as a good place to start if you're interested in banking.","BSSA","Current Employee","Gainesville","August 20, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent training","Excellent career training,coaching and overall culture. There is almost a zero error tolerance, so that would keep you on your toes(which to me was a positive). However, we were always short staffed partly because the low pay always led to a high level of turnover.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hazelwood, MO","August 20, 2018","5.0"
"Compassion for Customers","Great company to work for that places emphasis on knowledge and development. The company invests in the training and development of the employees to ensure each individual client's needs are met.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","na","August 20, 2018","4.0"
"always changing enviroment","If you are looking for a long career with the ability to grow within the same company than this bank is the place for you. great benefits and great vacation time. just be aware there is a lot of turn over in the branch setting and you will get new coworkers often. for sure a sales environment. be prepared to meet certain behavior based goals.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2018","4.0"
"Horrible culture","While working for this bank, we were expected to be independent and not need our managers; then when we had an issue with a client, we were taken to task for not getting the managers involved. Prior to the integration between bank N Bank and this bank , the bank was a fantastic place to be. Very collaborative, and the managers were very supportive. At the beginning, it was similar with this bank. Then they decided to do away with our division, hired in a manager whose job it was to get rid of us. She made life and work difficult at best in what I believe was an effort to get those of us she didn't like to quit on our own. She clearly played favorites, and she made coming to work a stressful event. Then they called us into a conference call and said those of us on that call no longer had jobs; literally we IMed with each other saying, 'whoa, wait, did we just get fired??' Later we discovered if we wanted our full severance, we had to train our replacements from the outsourcing place. We had to finish our work plus take on more projects. It was pure slave labor to get us to leave without our severance. I hope no one ever has to work for the two in charge again.","Training and Design Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 19, 2018","1.0"
"Worked There For Many Years","Excellent company to advance your career. IT management is very understanding. Environment is at times stressful but these days all IT jobs have some stress.","Lead Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2018","5.0"
"Horrible","I was there for 16 years and when I left people who were just hired was making what I was making,. The lack of life balance, Why work mandatory every other weekend, Just plan selfish","SENIOR CUSTOMER REPRESENTATIVE 3","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2018","1.0"
"Productive , great benefits","I believe certain branches give u a better opportunity to advance as well as more fairness between employees. I guess different branches have better business relationship rather than inappropriate relationship","MLO_BSSR BANKER","Former Employee","Georgetown KY","August 17, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work if you don't work for in-store","VERY, very heavy sales focus to the point that the customer's wellbeing is placed behind the company's production quotas. If you work for the in-store, you have NO work/life balance as your hours Monday-Friday are 10:30AM-7:45PM, Saturday 10:30AM-6:45PM, and Sunday 10:30AM-3PM and you are only guaranteed off 3 holidays every year - New Year's Day, Christmas Day, and Thanksgiving Day. The quality of people that this bank hires for their in-store is low so customer retention is non-existent (unless they bribe you with yearly stay-on bonuses). They often hire people who are unequipped to handle banking and end up leaving due to stress. If you are good at your job, they try to pigeon-hole you into staying in the in-store realm forever even if you were promised in-store as a stepping stone to moving on to traditional or universal banking. They will cheat you out of a promotion even if you were only 1,000 revenue credits short of goal and your colleagues aren't even hitting their minimum set goals... but they still get paid similarly to you when the this bank pay scale is already below average. They tell you to just keep busting your butt to make commission at the expense of giving you a better yearly salary. Management often sucks. They'll look the blind eye to unethical practices as long as they meet sales goals. The stress should never be that high. In-store managers have no real power and therefore employees can manipulate managers easily as it's nearly impossible to fire someone even if they no call/no show. If you don't make your quota, it's like the whole world fell - more...","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gainesville, VA","August 17, 2018","3.0"
"Comfortable place to work"," this bank is a great place to have and maintain a comfortable career. There are development opportunities, and other education benefits that make it nice for someone starting out in a technical space (model dev, analytics, automation), however if you are in these areas and what to work with new tech, this is not the place to be for long.","Quantitative Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2018","4.0"
"Work Relationship","I think it is a good company I think it is the people in place who hurts other people and force them to leave. this bank bought out Flagstar and they made a lot of changes and elimated jobs.","ASSISTANT MANAGER","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","August 17, 2018","2.0"
"Productive work place","This is a work place where things get done but it can be very difficult at times depending on the task. Although this is so things still get done by the end of the day.","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2018","3.0"
"Consistent training","The value of consistent training on company systems was a valuable tool for job advancement. Job advancement opportunities from within the company strengthened workplace culture.","Support Analyst","Former Employee","Maryland","August 16, 2018","3.0"
"Productive and energentic place to work","A typical day is working with the computer on all aspects of office work...letters, emails, typing, helping clients either in person or by phone. Was replied on a lot to help maintain business was operating correctly as well as all equipment.","Office Manager","Former Employee","Red Bank, NJ","August 16, 2018","5.0"
"Position eliminated after 6.5 years without a warning?","Management was not very forthcoming in eliminating my position. No warnings at all for a person near retirement age? Where is the compassion and consideration? Gave everything I had and begged for more work, only to be shown the door.","Technical Analyst I","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","August 16, 2018","1.0"
"stupid bank","god. they still use mainframes. and case insensitive passwords. i guess if they didn't get money from the federal reserve this would be an unsustainable business model.","Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2018","1.0"
"Great working environment","I really liked working at this bank and worked there for 21 years. I left for an increase in pay but the job did not work out. I would go back to this bank if there is an opening for my qualifications.","OPERATIONS MANAGER","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","August 16, 2018","5.0"
"Great job...but","I loved my job with this bank, but was unfortunately displaced after 27 years of employment after an acquisition. They were not helpful at finding me a new opportunity within the company.","Field Services Workforce Coordinator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 16, 2018","4.0"
"Wonderful, upbeat place to work."," this bank is a great place to grow. There are many opportunities. Management focuses on each person's growth on an individual basis. this bank appreciates it's employees. this bank defiantly makes sure their employees are comfortable with their work, and also provides many tools for success, as well as live support.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Michigan","August 16, 2018","5.0"
"Excellent place to work for","Typical day was steady Friday's were fast paced. Great management to work for. Professional environment and enjoyed meeting and taking care of my clients. The hardest part of the job not being able to help every customer. Great hours for family.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
"Great Work environment","A typical day consists of reviewing credit, and reviewing income documents to insure I have everything I need to have the underwriter review and decision the application. I was able to work at home two days a week and I like my team. The hardest part of the job is making sure I look/verify as many deals to completion to maintain department goals because you can't control what documents you receive even if I clearly noted what I was looking for. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to work independently and having the option to work at home.","UNDERWRITING ANALYST SENIOR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent place to work","Great place to work! Staff and employees are the best. Family oriented company. Tuition reimbursement program, volunteerism is encouraged. Plenty of opportunities to advance to other positions.","Sales Service Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
"Every day you learn something new"," this bank has treated me well for 5 years! There are always opportunities to advance within the company. You do have to built for the job as you will deal with customers money. Some conversations will be difficult, some you have made a friend by the end of the call. this bank has paid well enough to take care of my bills even when I was part time, still in college. The customer care center is a great place to work!","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 15, 2018","4.0"
" this bank Retail"," this bank has mixed review. From what I witnessed. It depends on what area you work in to your happiness. My side has been mostly retail. I would not recommend retail. I am not sure if the upper level management in our region even understands how a team environment works. I believe they are the main issue.","Branch Manager II AVP","Former Employee","Cornelius, NC","August 15, 2018","1.0"
"receiving monthly bonuses for required stats","A day in the life of this bank consisted of taking approximately 50-75 calls a day, also having a meeting once a day with your manager. fasted paced work environment. The hardest part of the job was servicing escalated calls. There were times when contests got you different incentives and also received bonuses for work well done, which was the most enjoyable part of the job.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
"They are fine","Company was good. Vacation time was good. Very comparable to other banks in the area. They seem to be a few steps behind when it comes to its competitors and the processes that they use.","Branch Service and Sales Administrator","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 15, 2018","3.0"
"Great to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. Conservative bank. Main issue being products are not very competitive. Customers/clients can usually find better deals elsewhere.","Inbound Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2018","4.0"
"good company, unreasonable expectations","the benefits offered, flexibility, and direct supervisors are all great, very nice work environment and location. Very career advancement focused. The downside would be the expectations placed by upper management and the customers themselves. In general people don't call a call center because everything is ok, and the expectation for volume of calls taken and time spent taking calls was absurd.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2018","3.0"
"Learning experience in a variety of jobs","Customer Service - meeting customer needs. Variety of jobs: Experience. Opportunity to grow in the company. Learning experience in finances, loans, checking and savings accounts, IRA's, Investments and more","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 14, 2018","4.0"
"hard to get ahead","Personally, my job is very stressful in a fast paced environment with very little consistency in work load. Department management is very good. I have learned a lot about a number of bank products from this job. The workplace culture is pretty good as far as teamwork is concerned but many people do not like the job itself.","Customer Service Rep Specialist Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2018","4.0"
"Great company","Love working for this bank.. Pay is lower end due to using Pittsburgh standards (I worked remotely) but great organization. Working was simple.. Log on and do the work assigned.. Culture was solid... no micromanagement of any sort.. Great overall.","IT Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2018","5.0"
"Challenging and rewarding","Data entry clerk was a 3rd shift job which was the hardest part of the job. I didn't mind the long sitting times and starring at the computer to key in the information.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 13, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work."," this bank was very competitive in its price on all products. Focused on only a few industry types which limited its revenue stream. Works well as a team and immediate supervisor was always accessible.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","August 12, 2018","4.0"
"Great work-life balance, backwards IT department","Depending on your department, your experience may vary. this bank has incredible work-life balance. I rarely work an hour over 40 hours per week, and work-from-home was pretty flexible. Vacation policies are reasonable. However, this bank develops software as if it is 1990. Do not go work for this bank if you want to work on anything cutting-edge. Attempts to advise management and change the IT culture are ineffective -- no amount of APIFests is going to fix the fundamental problems with IT dinosaurs making enterprise-level decisions. Pay is mediocre, but somewhat compensated for by the great work-life balance.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 11, 2018","3.0"
"Excellent Place to wrk","Loved working here, was able to put my degree to work immediately and was offer a higher salary prior to graduation based solely on education. healthy competitions between departments. team building exercises knew how to make working there a fun friendly yet professional environment.","Lead Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","Not my favorite place to work. I did work part-time so I didn't get very many benefits. In my training class I was the only part time person there. Being part time I never had to be in charge of the ATM","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 10, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoy working with a diversity of clients","I enjoyed my 5 years with this bank and learned so much, much recommended. If I didn't moved home location, I would of continue with this bank. Made a lot of friends and have a lot of references from all of the branch managers.","Personal Banker III","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","August 9, 2018","5.0"
"meh","management sucks, but this job is what you make it with incentives.Flexible Hours, and often there are raises. Do not mistake their push for sales goals for an interest in your career advancement","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Baltimore County, MD","August 9, 2018","4.0"
"fun place to work","a typical work day, you get here open the branch everyone gets settled, we have a daily morning meeting, ive learned a lot that benefits you not only at this bank but else where","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE REP","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","August 9, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work","It is a good place to work and a place that you can retire from. It takes a while to get familiar with the culture, but once you do, it flows well. The work life balance is a huge part of their culture.","APPLICATION DEVELOPER LEAD","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2018","4.0"
"overall great no advancement though","overall great no advancement though. retail is great, but unless you live in corporate office area then there are no advancement opportunitites but retail and everyone is fighting for those","BSSA II","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work but has a tendency to establish guilt by association","During my time there I was seemingly being groomed for a FT requisition. Once it was evident the 'Application Manager' determined I was aligned with a 'Troubled' employee, I was 'lumped' in with that employee and after being extended 3 times on a contract, and told there was a requisition for which I was earmarked, ultimately my contract was ended due to 'budget'.","Technical Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"wonderful","Very good company to work for in banking. The company takes good care of the employees. The company is great if you want to advance in the company. the management is very good, the training is good. the company advocated for its employees and makes you feel good about working for them.","Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","August 8, 2018","5.0"
"Review Summary"," this bank Investments was a great place to work. Great culture however we were limited in how we could help clients. My managers were great but their power to make decisions was very limited. It was definitely a place that gave you the tools to succeed if you wanted to put in the work.","Investment Service Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"easy room to grow","If you go in and do your job, they will easily move you up. They say you have to wait a year; but I moved up in 6 months, and again in another 6 months. Being at a call center can be stressful, especially inn a banking environment where people blame you for them not having money. Just smile and wave until the end of your shift and until you can get in a role where you do not have to be in front of customers.","Digital Chat and Email Associate","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"Ups and downs","There is not much appreciation for customer service employees. If you are looking for a place where you can Advance, this may not be the place if you do not have a schedule that accommodates your work and home life. You will see people come in after you and get placed in your desired shift. The way to survive at this company is to become friends with management and hang out and party. On other hand there are lots of carry-ins and if you work full time you do get great benefits","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 8, 2018","3.0"
"caught up in DOJ ruling for licensing","I am currently updating my resume as I am now employed at Huntington Bank in Fishers, IN. this bank required their licensed bankers to have series 65 to maintain their jobs back in 2015, when I failed to pass it I was out of a job. I worked at 5/3 for 24 months doing same thing then they interpreted DOJ law differently in 2017 and stopped paying commission basically , so now at Huntington where I can still utilize my investment license in a banking arena.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Anderson IN","August 8, 2018","5.0"
"Emotionally Exhausting","If you get hired as a teller you will be very prepared to start your job. The training is amazing and they do not let you on your own until you feel prepared. Very high sales goals which are stressful. Also management was AWFUL. Felt like being in high school and I was not in the cool kid crowd. Pay Is good, vacation days are nice too. If you like high stressful sales goals, and feeling belittled every day this is the job for you!","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","2.0"
"Customer Service Rep was the worst job you could have at this bank.","Terrible Job. Terrible hours. Customers were always rude and disrespectful. Half of the time this bank did something to screw the customer. The other half were customers who just didn't know how to manage money and took it out on you because they were broke.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","1.0"
"Productive and fun place to work.","I worked for this bank for about two years. They have many departments. Its a fast pace working environment. I loved my team we all pushed each other and we were always encouraging to one another.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 7, 2018","3.0"
"Good Company","Great Company- Great Benefits, great vision. The company is growing and is very well place in the market. Enjoyed working for them Big Bank with the Small Bank feel","Business Banker","Former Employee","New York, NY","August 7, 2018","5.0"
"Emphasis on work-life balance and career development.","Professional culture with emphasis on work-life balance. Emphasis on career development and allowed for classroom training when applicable to job functions.","Business Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","3.0"
"was a productive place to work for","if it had not turned into just another sales position it would have continued to be a great place to work for. we were not looking out for our clients best interest but pretending to act like we were","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Palm Bay, FL","August 6, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to work","It's a lovely place to work, I was fortunate with the regional manager I had at the time. She wanted growth and she is so genuine. The pressure was mild.","Bank Manager","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","August 6, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and good place to work"," this bank prides themselves on great customer service and strive to be the best. They take customer privacy very seriously and are always looking for ways to improve.","Customer Service Representative II","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","August 6, 2018","4.0"
"A decent place to start out"," this bank is a good company, but the role I took I'm overqualified for. For this reason the work became incredibly monotonous. Great company, competitive pay, but I'm kicking myself for taking the role I did.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","I started when the company was bank N. They had numerous management changes that caused a lot to leave the company. I on the other hand welcomed the changes and flourished.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Okeechobee County, FL","August 6, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and interesting work","Overall this bank is a good place to work. They provide a career path and incentives to continue on that path. The work environment has open workstation are to foster collaborative working environment however can be distracting to some.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","August 5, 2018","5.0"
"Faced paced mortgage company","The company had a major growth pattern during my time working there. My manager was wonderful and consistent during both daily work and company change.","SENIOR MORTAGE UNDERWRITER","Former Employee","Chicagoland Area, IL","August 5, 2018","3.0"
"relaxed","typical night go in encode the checks into system process all checking coming in and out had you work fast and short hours that's how we receive bonus","encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 4, 2018","5.0"
"not enjoyed working there","Work environment was not very good. At times, the training was not sufficient and there was no flexibility for good work-life balance. Some of my colleagues were not supportive at all an there was a lot of politics involved. The work environment didn't allow me much flexibility and the exact job description was not made clear at the time of he interview.","Service Associate","Former Employee","State College, Pa","August 3, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Teller","I loved this position, I was only part time so I didn't receive benefits or paid time off. The company was very good to their employees. All my supervisors were great. The actual position taught me many skills. Resume attached explains them in detail.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD 20650","August 2, 2018","5.0"
"I had great employees that I worked with.","The colleagues that I was surrounded by helped me achieve success. I was excited to come in to work everyday and work with my colleagues as well as with my clients that I built long lasting relationships with.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2018","5.0"
"Awesome","Great company to work for. Been there for over 8 years and have learned a lot. Company really focuses on it's employees and the customers, very happy to be a part of a great company.","Vice President","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","August 2, 2018","5.0"
"N/a","Typical day at work is reaching out to customers and/or waiting on customers from the lobby to make sure their financial needs are taken care of. Management -- depends on the manager. Hardest part of the job -- when you cannot solve a customers problem because it is beyond your control. Most enjoyable -- when you do solve a customers issue or problem and they continue to contact you for future needs","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Westminster, MD","August 1, 2018","4.0"
"Work Opinion","Working at this bank was a great experience. My typical day is to Assist may Manager , Loan Officers and Loan Officer Assistant. Printing/emailing reports ,appraisals daily. Provide essential administrative support for Market Managers within our Mortgage Origination division. Primary point-of-contact for customer service and interdepartmental inquiries within the branch. Assist senior management in all areas throughout the branch. Prepare and reconcile management reports, maintain employee time sheets and vacation schedules, and perform other administrative functions as needed. On-board new staff including but not limited to training on systems, interacting with IT and procuring sign-on, ordering marketing collateral. Most enjoyable part of my job is creating a positive work environment .","Mortgage Office Administrator","Current Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 1, 2018","5.0"
"My First Job","This company really helped me learn about my field and what it is that I would be doing on a daily basis. The management was really nice and pleasant to work for.","Entry Level Business Analyst","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","August 1, 2018","5.0"
"Work Environment","A typical work day, would be chatting with two customers at a time. Helping them with any and all questions about their checking, savings, credit card and loan accounts. I have learned to show empathy, use active listening and reading, always be willing to help at any means. The workplace culture is relaxed, fast paced. The hardest part of the job, would be not to be able to assist customers with their needs. The most enjoyable part would be the 'thank you for helping from the customers and co workers.","Coach","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 31, 2018","3.0"
"Branch Manager review","Overall organization focused on doing whats right by the customer and key drivers are clients financial needs. Mostly all targets are revenue based, but some levels of leadership measure a tick mark.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Northern Virginia","July 31, 2018","4.0"
"Poor management as of lately","This job started out very well and promising, with my intention to move up and to different areas of the company. However, the past 6 months have shown inept management and an unwillingness to follow through on promised work from home time, due to extenuating personal circumstances. As I have no confidence in current management and feel incredibly disrespected in a variety of ways, I cannot recommend working here and am looking for another job.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 30, 2018","1.0"
"High turn-around rate","I noticed that no one rarely stays long at the this bank call center. Out of 19 employees in my training class in June 2017, only 2 people remain. The employees in the Columbus call center will all be working from home by the end of 2018.","Online Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 30, 2018","4.0"
"wouldn't recommend","wouldn't recommend. schedule was too much. hated the environment . worked some days 12 hrs. had to wear uniform. I would not recommend to anyone else. poor work life balance","personal banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","July 30, 2018","2.0"
"Ok","Like the company, loved my director! Not a lot of room for advancement in Solutions Role, May end up doing multiple jobs with the lowest salary ranking.","Full Time Client Solution Specialist","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","July 30, 2018","3.0"
"environment"," this bank was a great place. The only thing that could have been better was the pay. Overall the benefits were great. It was the mortgage industry therefore job stability was a concern","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 30, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","The instution had really great people. management is what kept me for the time I was there. great team work. the pay was too little. I would not go back unless they increased the pay","Teller","Former Employee","Durham, NC","July 30, 2018","3.0"
"Good people to work with","Not a bad place. Good hard working people. Enjoyed working multiple partners, both internal and external. Provided quality customer service in the business banking industry.","Loan Support Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 30, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed working there.","I enjoyed working at this bank. Fast pace very busy, Time goes by face during peak time. Hard to move around in company. Learned a lot everyday something new.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 30, 2018","4.0"
"Challenging enviornment","Worked at this bank on mainly IT security projects and learned a lot. Additionally, my team streamlined identity management processes in the whole organization.","Systems Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 29, 2018","5.0"
"Good place","Great place to work i recommend it to anyone who wants to work good vacation time and flexibility. Awsome place to be. One hundred thumbs up. Never had any issues","Customer Service","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great atmosphere","Great atmosphere to work. The department was a fun place. It was busy/stressful at times but it didn't get too overwhelming. If you like variety, you'll like it here.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 28, 2018","3.0"
"Micromanaged","Loved the job besides a few aspects, good for someone who can sit all day. Great opportunities to move forward. Must be able to meet all goals and standards.","Expander Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 28, 2018","4.0"
"Beware!","DON'T DO IT!!! The main reason I took this job was because it was a work from home position. But it's AWFUL! Their turnover rate is ridiculously high & I see why! The training is so poor it's not even funny. You're basically in a room with a 'trainer' who sits on her phone all day. You just do web based learning & tutorials to cover this bank in the case that you completely screw up an account. That way they can say well you as the employee were given the correct tools to avoid this from happening. The pay is TERRIBLE! They give you a 10% differential during training & once you go home it's a 12%...which believe me isn't worth the stress the job brings on. You have to endure being tethered to a phone all day like a dog on a leash taking back to back to back calls, expect to take at least 70 calls a day. The calls come in so quick you can't even take a sip of water! You have to deal with people wanting to check their balance, wonder where their checks are, yell at you because they overdrafted their account & there's nothing you can do to help them. There's no particular way on how to handle a call, it's all up to your discretion which I think is terrible. A customer can get three different answers from three different people. There's not even consistency with the training, it's all based on what mentor you work with & how you will be told to perform your job. One consistency is don't hang up on customers or use foul language, other than that- figure it out! Their point of reference once you go home is to utilize the intranet or reach out to peer support via a telephone - more...","Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work","The company gives you tools to succeed. They promote from within. They offer great benefits, especially to new parents. Great training. A lot of opportunity for growth.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 27, 2018","5.0"
"Was hired for a different position than i was placed in","I was hired for one position and after being hired I was placed in a different position. I was hired under false pretenses and my rate of pay was not what I was told it was going to be either. On top of that I was put off work for a couple days by a doctor due to injury and was informed that I would either be at work or be fired. Doctor note or not.","Default Payment Assistant Representative","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 27, 2018","2.0"
"I would not recommend the department I was in."," this bank is not a company I would recommend anyone to apply to in the Loss Mitigation department. Management did not have the tools to effectively manage us.","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 27, 2018","1.0"
"So so","Lack of structure was a large drawback. Managers did not know how to lead nor their own roles and responsibilities. It was a relief to leave the organization.","Auditor","Former Employee","United States","July 27, 2018","1.0"
"Fun and great atmosphere.","I loved working for this bank the staff and management we all great people and fun to work with. Great benefits and very family oriented.I have nothing bad to say. Great atmosphere. Overall best place I've ever worked at.","SPECIALIST I","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","July 27, 2018","5.0"
"none","Its a great starting job for banker but i feel that they can be more involved in the development of there employees and pay is not great at all they pay the least from all banks"," this bank Finical Consultant","Current Employee","Piscataway, NJ","July 26, 2018","3.0"
"Great way to connect with people","Working in a branch is wonderful if you enjoy meeting new people and helping others. Especially if you work at a busy branch. Branch employees tend to be the least paid and work the hardest. That needs to change.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Camden, NJ","July 26, 2018","4.0"
"fun work place","i enjoyed doing my job as a servant leader working as a scrum master. i had the opportunity meeting and working with different individuals. working as a scrum master you learn to use different soft wear.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 26, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work and develope","Great place to work structured . good people . helpful . great benefits. pays extremely well . trainers hands on. I loved everything about this job just wish I could have had different hours instead of 1pm to 10pm every day.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 26, 2018","4.0"
"None","Worked there a long time ago. Processed banking transactions. The people were nice and I has no issues. Left because it was a part time job. Wanted more hours","ATM Deposit Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 26, 2018","1.0"
"No advancement"," this bank does not like to promote from within, they would rather hire from the outside and lay off the current employees. This is not a career type of bank.","Team Lead - Sr. Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 26, 2018","1.0"
"Job description not upheld","I was told that I would be on the banker side of the Job 80% of the time and a teller 20% of the time. In 6 months I worked on the banking side only 5 days.","Branch Sales Service Representative","Former Employee","Saline, MI","July 25, 2018","3.0"
"The culture changes depending on department"," this bank looks out for management and themselves, I made several reports of retaliation on my manager with evidence, and nothing was done. In my 5 years there I had two managers that were reported to HR by multiple members of the team multiple times and nothing was done. I've also had amazing managers who looked out for their teams. It all depends on where you are, But in general it seems to be a bit of a boys club.","INTERNAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2018","3.0"
"Perosnal banker","Good work environment - fair management practices and sales goals. I would go back to this bank if a position was available which matched my skills. Good company culture","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 25, 2018","4.0"
"Banking","Worked with customers to meet their banking goals and needs . Work the phones and greet customers with a friendly helping smile .Loved to interact with customers and help them with their accounts to Acheive their financial goals.","Branch Sales And Service Associate","Former Employee","Waynesburg, PA","July 25, 2018","5.0"
"Advancement opportunities are abundant","If you're willing to relocate and make personal sacrifices then you can advance quickly. Piece of advice though, negotiate your salary because yearly raises are roughly 1% each year.","AVP Branch Manager","Current Employee","Richmond, KY","July 25, 2018","5.0"
"We are a technology company","We used to say we were a technology company, but our current CEO means it. Technology is no longer a cost center or order taker for business. IT must be the business and drive the future. this bank has many IT jobs, allows most IT employees to work from home 2 days a week and allows employees out of our footprint to work remotely. Some managers are sane, support their teams and keep the craziness in check. Others make a mockery of our value of Work/Life Balance demanding unsustainable effort. Every technologist will say quality is sacrificed to meet dates.","Cyber Security","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 24, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. The benefits are great, my manager is the best one I've ever had and I do enjoy my job and colleagues. The only reason I'm considering moving on is to move up.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Rockford, IL","July 24, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Corporate Structure","Standard corporate structure in the banking industry. Compliance training and updates are frequent. There are numerous opportunities for growth and development.","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","July 24, 2018","3.0"
" this bank jobs","Good job work life and balance restructure going on right now and jobs are being updated by locations experience is needed with this job training is good and location location is the key to work for this bank","Customer Service Representatve","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 24, 2018","5.0"
"not fun","I don't think tthis place is a great place to work. There were too many expectations for low compensation. this bank had me doing two jobs for the pay of less then one.","Universal Banking Consultant","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","July 23, 2018","2.0"
"No opportunity","i love my job, but it seems so far my opportunity to grow and i spend more money going to work and parking that what i get paid. Even that i work with a good team i need to cover my personal finance needs.","Teller","Current Employee","Bloomfield, NJ","July 23, 2018","4.0"
"No Management Structure","The gentleman I was to come work for left within a few months under pressure and after that it was me training and that is about it. I originated a little, mostly outside of training I made calls on financial contacts in the area.","MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Duluth, GA","July 23, 2018","2.0"
"Supportive management great place to work","I moved up to supervisor after working in mail services as a clerk. I was mentored, supported and trained by many people in my group and grew my confidence in my learning on the job. I supported 7 to 2 people on my team in 5 years. After many process changes I managed and supported my team during challenging times without missing a beat or missing any SLA's. I coached and supported my team during time off and was always a working manager. The most enjoyable part of my job is when I problem solved for internal and external customers to came to a happy resolution. The hard part was coaching team members to give more than their job requires to help them see how important they were to our team and how much a difference they made in the company. I enjoyed working for a company who supported diversity and inclusion and everyone's opinions mattered.","Operations Supervisor I","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","July 22, 2018","5.0"
"Eh the job is ok","Between the customers and upper management makes the job somewhat difficult highly stressful environment have seen colleagues literally in tears due to the demand of job.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2018","3.0"
"started out happy then they changed","when the new CEO took over the company really started to decline in supporting its employees it was a sad day when i had to chose to leave I feel I had devoted so much time and effort to a company that let me down","Branch Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Tobyhanna, PA","July 22, 2018","2.0"
"good place with benefits","the benefits and pay are great, and the flexible work arrangements are awesome, but that also leads to a lack in office culture. i never get to see the people i work directly with","Finance Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 22, 2018","3.0"
"Overall","Overall it was a great place to work. Co-workers were great, but some management were helpless. Had many opportunities to move into new positions and succeed.","Call Center","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 21, 2018","4.0"
"Its not for everyone","The call center, customer service industry is rapidly growing and pays well. The hours are very fixed, but there is always opportunity for OT hours. The hardest part of the job is not taking things personal, high stress, and fast paced. If you're a slow learner, this isn't for you. There isn't much room for upward mobility. The incentives that are given for meeting metrics, in my opinion make the work place culture disingenuous. Most likely, you'll be working from home. Most of the on-site call centers are closing. I do feel that this job strengthened my communication skills, and my ability to effectively multi task.","Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 20, 2018","3.0"
"very faced pace","Typical day was answering multiple phone calls, having to help customers with their credit cards, questions and problems. The management wasn't supportive. Very critical of your phone calls and how you handled the customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 20, 2018","4.0"
"Financial Analyst"," Reviewed credit applications and assessed risk of individual and commercial clients. Upheld regulatory guidelines to guard against fraud and money laundering, and protected customers by stopping suspicious wire transfers. Increased productivity level of branch by 60% by reaching out to customers with tailor-made solutions.","Financial Analyst","Former Employee","Cranbury, NJ","July 20, 2018","3.0"
"Go in and work not any options","This is a good starting point but, I have so many years of escalated customer service experience! I'm talented and focused on getting the job done with or without help!","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 19, 2018","3.0"
"Productive events and seminars about this bank benefits","I was in charge of finding onsite, and holding seminars and presentations in front of decision makers and employees explaining about this bank benefits provided to them.","Senior Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Tysons Corner, VA","July 19, 2018","5.0"
"Sales culture.","Very good structure of rules and procedures. Training is excellent. On going education is excellent. Sales goals are unreasonable. Customer service goals are priority, but sales pressure contradicts the service.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 19, 2018","4.0"
"Ok place to work","It was a decent place to work. They managed by micro managing every aspect of your day.It took so much time to make sure you following managements layers of reporting that you never got a chance to actually sell.","FINANCIAL SPECIALIST","Former Employee","scotch plains, NJ","July 19, 2018","4.0"
"Boring place to work","Just bad management. Does not appreciate the employees that works at night. Benefits are good. Very strict on the quality of work and the productivity.","Remittance Processing Assistant","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 17, 2018","3.0"
"Nice pay but BRUTAL culture","Grateful for the experience,but this bank is trying to catch up with other National Banks and lacks the necessary sales platform needed to do so. this bank is still many years behind in innovation of bank software, user friendly online banking, and internal processes especially around investments. Jobs are threatened on a daily basis, and employees as a result live in constant fear...even if they are making their sales goals.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","July 17, 2018","2.0"
"Was great, now ok place to work","When I started in 2004, it was a great place to work, slowly over the years, especially since 2013, things changed. New leadership from other banks, lack of promotions from within, hiring people from outside the bank.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Glenside, PA","July 17, 2018","3.0"
" this bank review","Overall this bank has given me opportunities to move forward but only up to a certain point. My salary has been adjusted competitively once but hasn't changed since. Very competitive and sales driven environment.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Cape May County, NJ","July 17, 2018","5.0"
"Very Poor Pay","Even though I spent 6 years working for this company I would not recommend anyone working for this bank. My last annual raise was .05 cents. The turn over rate on branch managers was horrible.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Radcliff, KY","July 17, 2018","1.0"
"This is an excellent organization to lead to an accomplished career","This is an excellent organization to lead to an accomplished career. Management is very supportive in promoting staff internally. Customer are always welcomed when they enter the branches. Everyone (customers and employees) speak highly of this bank's culture.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Berea, OH","July 17, 2018","5.0"
"Low pay and always fell short of their 'expectations'","From sales goals to customer service scores, it was nearly impossible to get a 'meets expectations' score on the annual performance review. The worst is the customer service scores. Customers are called anonymously by Gallup, and if the scores are not nearly perfect, then the branch doesn't get their incentive payout. And furthermore, the employee that received the lower score is placed on an 'action plan'. Action plans were common; an overshadow over every stressed employee that his/her job was always on the line.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","July 16, 2018","3.0"
"Instore location","I worked inside of a supermarket which was a little unusual for me however, I was able to succeed and show my worth to the company. I would recommend working for this bank to anyone who needs a job living on the bare minimum.","Branch Service Associate","Former Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","July 16, 2018","3.0"
"Awesome benefits","At this bank employees are offered awesome pay and benefits, along with 3 weeks vacation time. Unfortunately, I was not trained properly and management was not willing to help me learn. Sadly, it was just not a good fit for me.","Teller","Former Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","July 16, 2018","5.0"
"nice place to work"," this bank is a wonderful place of work, they pay fair, but commission wise is not that good. I used to work in an in-store location, hours very convenience but management took most of weekend off","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","July 16, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","The work environment was always great and the people I worked with were easy to get along with. I traveled from branch to branch on a daily basis. It was difficult to adjust to each branches different set of rules. Management was unable to give definite answers, always felt like they were beating around the bush. At times it felt as though management was not there to support and develop you. The scheduling was pretty inconsistent, working Monday-Saturday and only having an hour trimmed here and there. Instead of a half day which most would expect and some got. But they insist on keeping you under 40 hours, and if you did by chance get overtime there were always questions about it. Training became too much at times. You'd finish one set of training and be assigned more to do. Sometimes you were required to travel for training. The incentive was quarterly, and sometimes felt like you weren't given enough opportunity to achieve it. In my time there I learned a lot about the financial industry.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wintersville, OH","July 16, 2018","2.0"
"Overall a good place to work","Loved my customers. My manager was fantastic. Manager Really supported the staff daily and in career advancement. Co-workers were absolutely great to work with, however, I did find it to have a clique. Did not enjoy having to push the products onto customers. Also, every week having to call the customers to arrange for appointments so that they could push the products, when it was not in job description.","Teller","Former Employee","West Ocean City, MD","July 14, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to start your career","Typical day at work includes a fair amount of customer contact and reaching out to customers. I learned a fair amount about the financial industry working with this bank.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Durham, NC","July 14, 2018","4.0"
"They do not allow you a chance to grow within company","The training is very intensive and expect you to know the position perfectly after only seeing it once. They don't give you chance to do great within the company.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 13, 2018","2.0"
"Good","SOlid company that is growing quickly. Culture is very collegial and team oriented. Work life balance is emphasized and shows. Regional president model works.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 13, 2018","5.0"
"A professional work environment","A great opportunity to take initiative and implement strategies to grow the business, improve client experience and reduce risk to the organization.. Its a growing division with excellent operating leverage, There is strong leadership at all levels of the company and its created a great reputation in the industry.","Managing Director","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 13, 2018","5.0"
"I was a Part-Time Teller","When this bank took over Midlantic Bank, it was a change for us all. But, when the change of management began, it was not easy. During the last year working at this bank I had a very bad experience that made me loss confidence in working with the 'branch' I was assigned to.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","July 13, 2018","3.0"
"Management Issues","You are in so many meetings you have no time to do actual work yet they don't want you charging overtime. Management does not communicate with each other well and therefore are unable to throttle information down to employees effectively. Project managers are brought in brand new to the company and changed mid-project and there seems to be virtually no turnover.","Business Systems Analyst II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 13, 2018","2.0"
"Not as great as it used to be.","Job in the branches is now more like telemarketing position. Have to make outbound calls to try and get customers back in the branch for 'financial well being checkup' i.e. come in so we can sell you stuff. Turnover is big issue. All branches are constantly under-staffed but no let up on sales goals.","Branch Sales and Service Rep","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","July 12, 2018","3.0"
"Solid company but not much growth opportunity in comunity development","The CDB team is pretty flat with no room for advancement unless you are willing to relocate. Very rewarding work in a very visible and flexible environment. Expect pay to be less then competitors.","Vice President - Community Development Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2018","3.0"
"Good culture and opportunities for advancement","Overall, this bank has a solid work culture and has opportunities for advancement. Monthly goals are followed and will lead to advancement which, can be a positive or negative depending on your working style.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Glen Ridge, NJ","July 12, 2018","4.0"
"Credit card specialist","Great job, great benefits, great pay. Hard to sit at a desk for 8 hrs a day for me. Meant a lot of great people there. Management was great with any questions.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 11, 2018","5.0"
"It's okay","It's okay working there. It would be nice to receive more money for what we do. The culture is nice. The benefits are nice. I like the supervisors there.","Underwriting Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 11, 2018","4.0"
"Review Summary","I can not review, I still work here currently. I would not want this posted as many of my colleagues are on LinkedIn. I could loose my job due to our social media policy.","Learning and Development","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","July 11, 2018","5.0"
"It's alright","Management differs heavily between branches. There are a handful of managers who are willing to work with individuals to seek advancement. Most however, either dislike interviewing or are too comfortable with their over inflated bonuses to be willing to risk helping you get promoted and in the process loosing some of that incentive with the new hire. The claim they pride themselves on promoting from within but as with most banks you will quickly find that they outside hire often. The only normal internal promotions are within branches when there is again zero risk to the branch manager and their bonus. Employee culture is excellent, work life balance is very good and the compensation is fair. The retirement benefits are the most generous portion of the package. That being said until the internal talent development culture sees a massive shift this bank is at best a great stepping stone on the way to where you want to be. That is unless you are an outside hire.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 11, 2018","3.0"
"Diverse and accommodating environment with room to grow and opportunity to learn."," this bank has offers employees ample opportunities to learn and develop into roles best suited for them to succeed. The company promotes healthy work-life balance and a sense of camaraderie between management and staff.","Business Analytics Consultant Sr","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 10, 2018","4.0"
"long hours not enough pay","I worked over 9 hours a day, sometimes 10. is too much work for what I get paid. the people I worked with are very nice team but the day is very long, is a 10 hour shift.","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 10, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank prides itself on being inclusive and diverse. The people that work there are great people. Friendly, supportive, kind and helpful. Depending on the position it can be very stressful. The pay is good and the benefits aren't bad.","currently employed","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 10, 2018","4.0"
"It ok"," this bank is a nice place to work that all I have I was a contractor and I came in and did my job every day and the people are a good group of people to work with.","Consumer Loan Mortgage Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 10, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work. Hard to get paid enough to want to continue.","I worked at this bank for four years learning all I could to advance. But it seemed on some fronts that it was hard to get ahead unless you knew someone in the ranks. Sometimes the work is hard when you are dealing with rude clients. I've had days where clients made me furious and used their entitlement to look down on what I did there. But there were a lot of great times too. There are some clients who make what you do worth while. However, considering all that is required to do the job safely the pay isn't worth it. Especially if you are working as a teller. I did the BSSR position and MORE for two years with no pay increase and very little hope of advancement considering the efforts I went through to help bring my branch to greater heights.","BSSR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2018","4.0"
"Company is great, RM not so much","Overall, the company is a good company to work for. However, the regional manager has made it very hard to want to come to work anymore! We've lost a lot of great employees in our region due to the regional manager. Of course, anywhere you go, not every manager is going to be a great one, but this one is the WORST RM I have ever worked for! Far worse than when I worked for Wells Fargo. If you want to work for this bank, I would recommend doing it outside of the Fayetteville, NC region!","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","July 9, 2018","3.0"
"loved it","Great place to work. offers good benefits and an onsite daycare where the fees are taking out of your paycheck. There are plenty of opportunities for advancement within the dept and outside of it. Managers will help you move up","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Drexel Hill, PA","July 9, 2018","5.0"
"Good company to work for","Would recommend to a friend, good company to work for. Good work life balance, benefit options were on par with peers. Company stressed their core values a lot and really lived by them.","HR Employee","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2018","5.0"
"okay","I am a new employee. I don't have to much negative to say about this bank. I was recommended to come over from a competitor. It is the same everywhere I feel.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 9, 2018","5.0"
"Terrible...do not apply!","Lack of organization, bad leadership, outdated technology and processes. Do not recommend working for this lack luster bank. Terrible terrible terrible","Accountant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2018","1.0"
"Old Systems, poor management,","Very difficult place to work. Poor management, excessive politics and infighting. The computer systems are 'pre-historic' - and have not been updated in over 20 years. A task that would take 5 mins in a modern bank like Wells Fargo or BOA, takes hours here. They fire their employees for absolutely stupid reasons - thereby blemishing their records. Avoid working for this bank.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","July 6, 2018","4.0"
"Diversified financial services company with major businesses in retail, commercial, retirement and investment management."," this bank is an interesting place work at. As the company keep adding acquisitions, the challenges to get the data organized and integrated was getting bigger and bigger. For anyone who works there has to be prepared to deal with a diverse data environment.","Solution Architect II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2018","3.0"
"Good company, bad management","A place where the jobs were poorly defined and little management help in establishing features, timelines, or application requirements. Even project managers had little idea of scope or project requirements and frequently changed them within a couple weeks of project deadlines.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","July 5, 2018","2.0"
"workplace culture","The culture here is very open to diversity and inclusion. Along with development of employees to move ahead and be promoted. The team environment leads to successful teams vs. individual contributions.","SVP","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 5, 2018","3.0"
"Productive","This was a fun place to work and was at the beginning of my mortgage experience learned a lot. Enjoyed working with my team great team leader. Obtained my experience with interacting with loan officers, title companies etc.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","July 5, 2018","5.0"
"Professional Organization with caring employees that take pride in their community involvement"," this bank is a good company with good people. Some of the working groups within the bank have opportunities to advance and grow. Other groups are stagnant or reducing in size and have very limited opportunities.","Strategic Sourcing Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 4, 2018","3.0"
"professionally grow up here. learn about new field","professionally grow up here. learn about new field. WE are using a six flag system, doing every month a new field by ' my learning ' classes on line. grow professionally every day.","Support Department","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 4, 2018","4.0"
"I only worked there a very short time","I only worked for this bank for a very short time quite a while ago, so I do not feel comfortable providing a review of them as an employer. It was a good place for me to start my career and start to learn what I did and did not want in a job.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Meadville, PA","July 3, 2018","3.0"
"Wonderful staff who actually care about the work they do and how much it affects peoples lives.","Good health benefits -Friendly and helpful employees/management. Good work life balance. Great opportunities for advancement. Over time available. Many reward and incentive programs along with good benefits.","ABM","Former Employee","Branchburg, NJ","July 2, 2018","5.0"
"I don't recommend taking a position as a Financial Advisor at this bank","I worked in the and was completely mislead about the position I was hired for. They tell you that you will be busy all the time with daily appointments set by the branches. The turnover rate for new employees in that Segment is 100% annually. So the branches don't setup appointments with their clients because they know you will not be there long. That would have been good to know","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 2, 2018","1.0"
"productive work environment"," this bank is a company with a lot of room for advancement. Good benefits and pay. Paid holidays and vacations. Fun work environment. Helpful support from co workers.","Teller","Current Employee","Voorhees, NJ","July 1, 2018","3.0"
"Great company!","Only reason i left was because i was offered something much higher pay. Great company and great management! I always felt like i had a home there and besides the one, i regret leaving."," this bank Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Olmsted, OH","July 1, 2018","4.0"
"Working at this bank","Everyone enjoys helping you to find the answers you need. There is a need for more investment into the masses of the team as locally, there are not a lot of opportunities for the team to gather and social mix with each other.","Vice President","Current Employee","IL","July 1, 2018","5.0"
"Competitive Workplace and Environment"," this bank is a ever-changing banking environment that leaves much room for growth opportunities. The company is still young while also well established which can cause difficulty, yet it provides a unique template for learning and gaining experience.","Bank Represenative","Former Employee","Tarboro, NC","June 30, 2018","4.0"
"A good place to start your career","The best part of the job were my co-workers. They were family. As for the workplace culture. It was fast pace and you had job quota numbers to reach on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. This made for a stressful work environment.","Desktop Support Technician","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2018","2.0"
"Times are changing","More goals are being implemented. Manager only wants 1 teller behind the teller line regardless of how busy the branch is. Environment is getting bad due to micro-managing.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Florida","June 29, 2018","2.0"
"Rewarding and innovative place to work"," this bank is always ahead of the curve when it comes to tech savvy products and services. Very competitive benefits package which includes 401k matching and one of the loan remaining companies which offers a pension plan.","Commercial Lending Assistant","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","June 29, 2018","3.0"
"Time well spent","Received a ton of useful training that will help me advance in my career throughout my life. The career just won't be at this bank. The pay was light and the structure a mess.","Relationship Manager - Private Client Group","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 28, 2018","3.0"
"BSSA/Manager","The company overall has many opportunities for community involvement if presented to you by upper management. I worked there through many changes throughout the company. As the company shifted so did the management. The work environments were stressful. The days were long and the staffing was short. If you didn't email the proper chain and save those emails to back up what you needed help with or to keep abreast on the expectations no one stood up if there was a fire within the branch. Loss prevention should be more hands on in training staff properly. After the Wells Fargo scandal we were told to back off selling. Once the heat died down the pressure was on. You felt like your job was on the line every day. Rather being meeting sales goals or being an octopus by doing your job and everyone else's. There's no team work or comradery in this organization. If your not a puppet you don't matter.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 28, 2018","2.0"
"Lacking upward mobility","Working there is equivalent to watching paint dry. Adequate training is very seldom. Employee turnover is rare and you'd probably have better luck working for a temp agency.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 27, 2018","1.0"
" this bank ok","Ups and downs at this company. Compensation good. They micro-manage their management staffs and don't allow sense to dictate. At Bank Of America the management staff was allowed to run their branch as they needed, not so at this bank.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Grayslake, IL","June 27, 2018","4.0"
"Good company"," this bank is a very good IT bank. They stress on maintaining a very balance work life culture. Managers as well as people are very friendly and helpful in day today activity.","Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 27, 2018","5.0"
"Field Examination","Standard testing and analyzation of books and records of this bankBC clients. The process allows you to work in various industries with a quick learning process of how each business operates. Managing various personalities, in an effort to create a relaxing atmosphere for customers to keep the flow of information at a quick pace.","Field Examiner","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","June 27, 2018","4.0"
"Interesting place to work","Coming from a larger financial institution, this bank falls behind in technology and training. There is no guided training and there are countless systems that should be consolidated into one go ease.","SR","Current Employee","Bethesda, MD","June 27, 2018","1.0"
"Good Company if you're Good","Great Company to work for if you are committed to your work. Sometimes there are managers who are not necessarily the best breed out there and will make you quit your position - like any corporate; tons of bureaucracy and pay structures changes way too much,","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 26, 2018","4.0"
"it was ok, people were nice but the atmosphere was to conservative","I worked at a small branch so is was vary slow all the time. the training they give you is a joke, they don't teach you half the stuff you need to know.","Seasonal Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Finksburg, MD","June 26, 2018","3.0"
"over all good","my branch manager was the nicest boss ever! the goals were alright the products were easy to learn. every branch is different. this one was very catty. but i loved my branch manager and this bank so its a good place to work","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Maumee, OH","June 26, 2018","5.0"
"Moderate Risk Financial Institution Traditionally Known to Value Its Employees","Good 'community bank' feel with stability of a large institution. Does the right things for customers and most of the time for its employees as well. Mid-management lacks leadership and mentorship skills, mostly are top operators that needed an avenue for higher pay. Improved management training needed. Overall a good and stable company for high performers and low performers alike. Not an 'up or out' company, if you are a low performer, just stick to your lane and you'll have a happy and long career. Top performers are well rewarded but need to remain nimble to align self with the most current and relevant leaders to survive. Very lax work environment. Friendly workforce that is very tolerant. Appreciates diversity. Remote and flex work schedule friendly / encouraged. Acceptable benefits structures.","Strategy Planning Business Analysis Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful goal environment","I was found by a recruiter through the company, and was very excited to start. Offered benefit right away, and acceptable pay. Remberced for any travel expenses and mileage used for work and training. They provide lots of trainings as well. Be ware, SO MANY GOALS AND EXPECTATIONS. Be prepared to be HOUNDED if you are even A LITTLE behind on goal. If a client doesn't not want a sale, YOU WILL get the backlash because management assumes you are not selling it right. They also promote life and family but if you are full time you can work a 6 day week! 30 minute lunches (not long enough) You have to use paid time to be off, you can't just take off and it makes work life balance hard.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","June 25, 2018","3.0"
"not a good bank for customer or employee","Worked in a small branch that got very little foot traffic yet was still expected to open or refer a certain amount of new accounts with nobody walking in the door. On top of that, this bank does everything in it's power to keep customers out of the branch because it's cheapest checking account requires customers to do all their business through the ATM or they will receive a monthly fee. this bank does not do right by their tellers; they do most of the work in the branch, assume all the liability (any bad check will cost you your job), and are expected to reach unrealistic sales goals on a skeleton staff. Go into a this bank, it will be empty but for one or two tellers max and their drive thru lines will most likely be shut down as well. Also I've never seen a company more intent on cramming social justice warrior nonsense down the throats of their employees on a weekly basis as this bank. They will bombard you with emails and on the internal webpage pushing this agenda and are quick to fire any employee who even slightly objects to their 'shared vision' on these issues.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, NC","June 25, 2018","1.0"
"Great Job","Good place to work. this bank cares about employees. Great benefits. Issues with outsourced Human Resources but other than that I enjoy working for this bank. A lot of opportunities.","Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","NC","June 25, 2018","5.0"
"Branch Banking","Retail banking is a great way to start a career. The industry is changing into a more digital service while business banking remains the same. I suggest learning business banking to grow into banking in general.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Northvale, NJ","June 24, 2018","3.0"
"Good company"," this bank was a great company to work for. When there, I was severely underpaid. However, as I understand it now this bank does a much better job with compensation.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Edwardsville, IL","June 24, 2018","5.0"
"I was fired because they said I falsified records. In actuality I was giving to many fees back. It was said I recorded wrg. Reasons for giving fees","This particular incidence I was told by a manager that they did not even find the incident that was brought forward. They owed me money for consults and referrals I never received and 2 was before I was fired the referral protocols were changed","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 23, 2018","3.0"
"Great job if you don't mind working."," this bank is a good company to work for depending on position. Work life balance is tested throughout the company. Pay doesn't match the work load. Besides those reasons, this bank is a good bank to start a financial career.","Experiential Sales Ambassador","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","June 22, 2018","4.0"
"I don't personally recommend","On the whole it is a great company. I truly love some of the things we represent. There is a great set of programs we are involved in. However the management isn't worth it. Other banks pay much more.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","June 22, 2018","2.0"
"Numbers driven company!","To work at this bank you must be a robotic numbers driven person. this bank is more concerned with numbers than with recognizing and developing their employee's skills and abilities. The managers do not believe in taking your ideas to better the company so you must be a person that likes to only take direction and not use your brain to pitch in.","Banker","Current Employee","MD","June 22, 2018","3.0"
"Demanding","come in early to do night drop and balance ATM(s) clean area by doors opening at 9 am Assist clients in various needs. Exchanging with others to cover Lobby for Lobby Engagement practices (if you had proper employees to allow this) Take a lunch making sure line and desks are covered. After lunch repeat the morning activities along with anything you may have to follow up on after having your conversations with clients and determining needs. then balance drawer, and card machine and unjam the ATM make sure all security measures are maintained at ALL times.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 22, 2018","3.0"
" this bank is focused on making $","At times it's not a bad place to work for. Other times you better watch your back because they will terminate jobs right and left if they can get away with it.","Operations Work lead","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 21, 2018","3.0"
"Worked for over 20 years in customer service and sales worst company environment","Extreme sales pressure. No matter how good with sales and customer service it is never good enough!! You can be a 5 Star employee and never appreciated!! Under staffed and poorly managed from the branch to the regional sector.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Springfield, PA 19064","June 21, 2018","2.0"
"Corporate and retail struggle","I've had great experiences and not so great experiences, company lacks consistency from the top to bottom, in retrospect communication wasn't always clear.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 21, 2018","3.0"
"enjoyable job","Well organized , enjoyed my time here, fixed schedule, incentives, good management, good culture, self developed , organized company overall, good benefits 3 vacation weeks","Assist customers","Current Employee","Passaic, NJ","June 21, 2018","5.0"
"OK Company","It is an okay company to work for, turnover rate is getting high because they under pay their employees. Benefits are okay, work hours are okay, job security is high because they work with you.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Bergen County, NJ","June 21, 2018","1.0"
"Very good place to work at","Very good place to work at. Enjoyable, fun and quite place to work, very good people, coworkers and managers. Always trying to help. Team work, hours are very good.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Buffalo Grove, IL","June 21, 2018","5.0"
"productive, very goal driven without having enough customers","they are always changing the rules & making exceptions. Management is good but tends to do everything leaving the rest of the team with barely any customers to make goals.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 21, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work, good people. Great benefits stayed busy learned a lot during the time that I worked there. A great place to grown and retire from.","Senior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 20, 2018","5.0"
"Fun workplace with opportunities to grow","Great company to work for. Management is always willing to coach and assist to achieve great results. Team approach is encouraged. The best part of the job is to help customers to achieve financial well being.","Senior Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Schaumburg, IL","June 20, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Nice place to work, good people, Treat employees well, even if salary is less than market. Many long term employees, showing the positive atmosphere. The downside is that it can be hard to move up the ladder once you are in.","Attorney","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 20, 2018","4.0"
"Difficult work/life balance","Expected to work well over 40 hours a week as a salaried employee, but docked pay repeatedly if hours don't add up to 40. Repeatedly forced to come in 6 days a week even if goals were met.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2018","3.0"
"not good","I was misled about this position and the people currently doing this job are not being led by effective management. They are free to do what they want and their results are self reported.","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","June 19, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company, but if you're not a minority you'll be gone quickly","Read above. Pretty simple. Pretty much if you came into work and did your job, that's all that was expected of you. However, if you are a minority, you will get promoted fairly quickly as this bank prides themselves on Diversity - It's one of their core principles.","Client Services Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2018","4.0"
"Good place, still needs to modernize","Great place in terms of values, still needs to catch up to the future. Some culture still resilient from 80;s and 90's, despite company growth. If you manage to get a good package and a good team, a great place to be","Quantitative Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2018","4.0"
"Fast paced environment","As a branch manager, the sales pressure is very high. Mandatory conference calls up to 4 times a day to ensure one meets sales goals. You are expected to pass the pressure on to the team members. A second scandal is about to happen.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","June 18, 2018","3.0"
"Frequent change in leadership at operation level","Hired by a group and then transferred to another group without any leadership and never had any interaction with the head to whom I reported. Looks that head wanted to have his own people and created a frustrating environment to quit .","Lead Business Analytics","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2018","2.0"
"Love being able to work remotely","I love the flexibility and ability to work remotely. Not many opportunities for advancement in the Tampa area. Low pay. Bonus structure changing. Need to provide better pay and opportunities to advance.","Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","June 18, 2018","3.0"
"Retired Employee","I started working when the company name was First National Bank in 1986. During the years we became bank N then was brought out by this bank. I was dislocated on two occasions, I always choose to go back. I enjoyed working for this company.","VP of Executive Client Relations","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 16, 2018","5.0"
"I loved working for this bank","I worked for this bank for over 17 years, and as an overall experiecne, I loved working here. Joining the this bank insestments group was not as enjoyable as other positions I've held with the company, but it is where I grew the most.","Administrative Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","June 15, 2018","5.0"
"customer focussed","Good training. Unlike some other laid back banks, management here expect a whole lot from you, so it keeps you on your toes. They are very big on sales and have a very low error tolerance policy. This could be a negative/ positive depending on how you look at it, I saw it as an opportunity to learn and go above and beyond the status quo.","UI Web Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 15, 2018","5.0"
"Following the company core values","Pros:Good work/life balance. Great company for working moms. Flexible schedule. Cons: Low pay. Few opportunities for advancement. High deductible health insurance.","Court Accountant Senior","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 15, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company","Good Company to work for. I entered the bank as an entry level collector and have been able to work my way up and into the Underwriting Department. I currently verify income for the underwriters which help them determine the outcome for loan applications. Good benefits, work life balance is a priority to the company and they have a decent 401k matching percentage are reasons to stick around. I have made some wonderful friends around the office over the last 10 years and have felt very secure in my job.","Underwriting Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2018","4.0"
"Productive work environment."," this bank is a fine company to work for. The work atmosphere is quiet the office is a 'green' building so it's hard to hear. Management is awesome. The hardest part of the job is it's always changing.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"Dream job","My work day usually revolved around running various reports, helping the loan officers get their loans entered, resolving any issues surrounding those loans, marketing efforts, expense reports, travel arrangements, calendaring, meeting coordination and general administrative assistance to the Market Manager/Regional Manager.","Mortgage Office Administrator","Former Employee","Clayton, MO","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"Productive Workplace"," this bank gave you plenty of opportunity to learn the job and succeed in the position, sending you to training classes and training online during employment.","Financial Sales Representative","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"Amazing place to start a career!","Was amazing, I have nothing bad to say about the place, I moved back to NY and still use this bank as my bank, they are just the best at what they do. Unfortunately i had to move, and there's no this bank's out here.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Matawan, NJ","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"The last several years in this firm have represented a great deal of change in systems and management","A typical day at work might involve calendaring and problem solving for various managers and team members. It can be exciting and challenging to reach the correct party for solutions of the upgraded systems. The workplace culture is spoken of very favorable by management, but the talk and the walk of the organization are not always in sync. I enjoy working with my team members.","Sales and Service Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"ups and downs","decent company to work for. advancement is possible but it takes a while for them to consider you. its a job, if you do your job then its easy. Decent incentive.","Senior Financial Consultant","Current Employee","PA","June 13, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work. I enjoy my tenure at this bank but I feel I have no further opportunity."," this bank is a Great Workplace and I thought I would retire from this Company. In the last 7 years here in Florida I learned and had an awesome experience in Weston. I love my clients and my clients are very loyal to me. I feel as though every time I try to advance there is always an obstacle. I have given my entire life to this bank and thought with my excellent track record they would help me advance my career sooner rather than later!","Vice President - Business and Branch Center Manager","Current Employee","Weston, FL","June 13, 2018","5.0"
"work place","Goal oriented, many tasks to complete in short time. Many functions, great customer service, fast learning requirements. Answering and making daily goals sales phone calls.","Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"Typical big corporation mentalilty"," this bank maintains that it cares for it's employees, when all it really cares about is sales, sales, sales. They push their employees to the point of burn out, then look for reasons to terminate your employment. this bank does not take into account local management opinions, or knowledge of their direct employees performance. When they want to fire someone, they do it regardless of your immediate supervisor's opinion. Corporate Employee Relations 'tells' Managers what to do in matters of employee terminations. It is not a 'collaboration' as they claim. Those decisions come from a far away state, from a corporate level, from people who know nothing about you personally, or professionally.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Franklin, NC","June 13, 2018","1.0"
"Productive workplace with a great work/life balance"," this bank is a great company to get a foot in the door with the financial industry with vast opportunity for advancement. Unfortunately they do no pay their employees appropriately compared to national averages.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"Work/Life Balance","Great work life balance if you are in the correct department. This is dependent upon your manager. this bank struggles with promoting from withing. Instead of investing in training for their currently employees, they hire externally","HR SYSTEM ANALYST","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank takes pride and ownership in their employees. I had one on one coaching skills that developed me into the banker that I was for the company. this bank cares about their employees personal lives and worked with me when things came into the equation. I am very grateful for the 4 years with the company and the management that I had along the way.","and the branch liaison","Former Employee","Indianapolis Indiana USA","June 13, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work, great benefit options"," this bank overall I think is a really great company to work for. We have great benefits offered to us which I think are competitive with other employees. Raises are semi-annually to yearly depending upon performance. this bank does not offer overtime, which allows for a healthy work/life balance. Full time employees are offer paid vacation plus the benefits of health, vision, dental, retirement and more","Teller Lead","Current Employee","West Mifflin, PA","June 12, 2018","4.0"
"great at first down the road not so much","When you are first hired on it is awesome, money wise. But once you have been there for awhile no more raises. Staffing is always changing and they get hired on minimum 15.00 an hour with no experience.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 12, 2018","4.0"
"Poor upper management skills and training in AML department","Management is not educated or trained to manage. Hiring decisions are based on personal preference. Management fails to utilize the experience and skills of the employees they have to make decisions","AML Operations Manager","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","June 12, 2018","2.0"
"Company overall does not care about employees","My ratings are based on my feelings about the above statement. Management changes frequently, morale overall very low. Corporate culture leaves a lot to be desired.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2018","2.0"
"Okay work culture","very laid back at the Brecksville office. Slow work pace. conservative culture. but provides good work life balance. good people. small cafeteria. no gym","Bankruptcy Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 11, 2018","3.0"
"Great employer","Very busy day to day operations. The management was great in my dept. I worked with a great team of people. Very great experience in learning banking.","Support Representative Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work","I worked at this bank when it merged with Midlantic Bank in the back office and enjoyed the work as it was very challenging. There was always something to learn and people willing to train you.","Research Analyst","Former Employee","West Paterson, NJ","June 11, 2018","4.0"
"I do not have much to say","They really needed help as far as management and co workers. i worked at three different branches and they cut my training short so i didn't really know much i had to learn as i went and i only had a branch manger for the 1st month that i was there.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 11, 2018","4.0"
"Comfy Retail Banking Job","Not paid quite as high as some other banks. Benefits may be better or at least comparable. this bank will NEVER fire an employee for lack of sales. Be prepared to endure a ton of micromanaged behavioral activities.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Buffalo Grove, IL","June 11, 2018","4.0"
"My review","The company was okay to work for but they didn't offer me career advancement. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing and talking to the customers.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Biglerville, PA","June 10, 2018","3.0"
"Opportunity to Grow"," this bank expends a lot of money on getting their new employees on board with this bank culture. It is up to you to make the best out of the many opportunities they offer. So far Im happy working for this company. Benefits are great if you work full time.","Services Associate","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","June 9, 2018","5.0"
"Nice Company","It was a nice place to work for after they bought out bank N. Good work/life balance. Learned a lot of new things during my time there. Many different departments to choose from.","National City Bank - Item Processor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 8, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Review Summary","Very stressful call center environment. From the moment you punch in your availability your phone will ring. Very seldom do you finish a call and have a moment to regroup before the next call is coming through. Grading of calls by quality staff is inconsistent and information given to customers is inconsistent as well. Managers typically do not challenge scores from quality which effects the bonus you would earn.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 8, 2018","3.0"
"Some slow times, fast paced financial environment","I enjoyed working with the staff, the sales requirements and constant sales reminders made the job stressful. Also, there is a lot of on the job training. That is very good","Bilingual Banking Specialist II","Former Employee","Kitty Hawk, NC","June 7, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great place for a career, you have unlimited opportunity to grow and advance. if you are looking for a career try this bank. you won't go wrong with it.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","June 7, 2018","5.0"
"Great Place to Work","Great Benefits and Development/Promotional opportunities. In my 15 years at this bank, I have had the opportunity to leverage my strengths and continue to develop. Great framework for employee development.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 7, 2018","5.0"
"okay","Unrealistic goals for production, Hard to move up and make more money. Good work/life balance. Great PTO. The people you work with really make the job matter. I developed great friendships there.","Underwriting Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great Experience","Good Company, I was a teller to start, then new accounts. I left to further my career. I really got to know all my customers, enjoyed the customer service.","New Accounts","Former Employee","O'Fallon, MO","June 6, 2018","4.0"
"don't work there","If you like selling all the time and to make your salary then you should work there. However, being the mascot was really fun and each week there was a new even you were to go to.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","June 5, 2018","1.0"
"A competitive bank","The bank was very competitive in terms of high sales driven goals, with incentives paid accordingly. The bank had a family atmosphere which was enjoyable and comfortable to work in","Manager","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","June 5, 2018","5.0"
"Management does not have experience in areas they manage.","In general benefits are fine, but management expects excessive hours during the week, including weekends. Promotions are difficult to get. You have to be careful what positions you try to post for in the internal job posting system. Job descriptions are not accurate. Excessive internal politics. Company is successful. Merit increases are low, if any, including bonuses. Re-organizations occur often and you have nothing to say in re-assignments.","Senior Database Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 5, 2018","3.0"
"meh","Hired as a banker, but was never given the opportunity to be a banker. If you are hired as a branch sales and service associate/ universal banker prepare yourself to spend 95% of your time on the teller line making only your base wage","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Lake Geneva, WI","June 5, 2018","3.0"
"Fast paced, energetic technology company with a bank front end","Equal parts exhausting and rewarding. Long hours and very high pressure timelines with lofty expectations. That said the rewards of being successful in this environment make it all worth it.","Technologies Manager - VP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 5, 2018","4.0"
"Good culture, improving comp, solid product lines","Great place to work, undergoing some changes. Client focused. Strong compliance culture with excellent attention to risk management. Improving compensation programs. Product lines are very good in all lines of business.","WM","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 4, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Day","With this bank I have enjoyed my employment and feel that I have worked really hard for where I am. However my family life has been put on the back burner too long, and the hours/stress have been an issue.","Supervisor","Current Employee","Ohio","June 4, 2018","5.0"
"Working with public","I started as a PT teller and quickly advanced to Customer Service,. I worked at several different branches and went through 5 mergers. I retired from this bank when I was informed I would have my pay frozen and given more responsibilities. Overall I enjoyed at the most part working at this bank.","Service Supervisor II","Former Employee","Romeo, MI","June 4, 2018","3.0"
"Productive Place to work","Learned to provide splendid customer services to customers in a friendly and courteous manner at all times. Have sufficient knowledge about the banking products and services and respond to all inquiries accordingly. Improve customers' banking experience with the bank by ensuring that the customers are attended to promptly and all their challenges are resolved without delay. Ensured that all the bank's policies and procedures, code of conduct and regulatory guidelines are strictly complied with in the process of discharging duties , Inform and suggest new banking products to customers. Provided information to customers on their account status and account balances. Delivered assistance to all other members of staff in other departments of the bank by liaising with them through healthy interactions","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Opelika, AL","June 4, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company","Great bank. Good sales process, good middle management. Benefits are standard for the industry. this bank is a middle of the road bank in terms of base salary but decent quarterly bonuses.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Canton, OH","June 3, 2018","5.0"
"Busy, busy busy!!","Though I know I enjoyed working at this bank, it was over 10 years ago. I remember my coworkers were extremely friendly and we used to go out to dinner together fairly often. The branch manager wasn't the best to work for, as she was new to her position but the head teller was AMAZING! I felt like they really cared about each other here. The hardest times were during the busiest days. When social security checks and paychecks came out. It was so fast paced and hard to keep up but we all pulled through together!","Teller","Former Employee","Township of Hanover, PA","June 2, 2018","5.0"
"Fast-paced and collaborative data entry","-inspected hundreds/thousands of medical bills each week depending on work load. -Employee training included HIPAA certification and training for quickly deciphering and decoding text/font from scans of medical bills. -There was an abundance of workplace culture and opportunities to collaborate with peers on community projects outside of work, support for LGBT community and charitable organizations, etc... -The hardest part of the job was enduring the probationary starting period during which headphones were not allowed.. -The most enjoyable parts of the job were paid volunteering opportunities, community outreach, and corporate gatherings.","Senior Operations Specialist","Data Entry","Highland Hills, OH","May 31, 2018","4.0"
"N/a","As a manager it is very stressful. They expect you to get things done in 40 hours but you are given things that would take you 70 hours a week to do. They add stress not only to your work life, but to home life too.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Leola, PA","May 31, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to start a career.","Get licensed. It was a fun place to work as a young person out of college but it was best used as a launching pad for where I really wanted to go. The salaries are low for the amount of revenue they generate.","Planned Giving Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 31, 2018","4.0"
"Forward Thinking","Company focused on operational effectiveness and customer satisfaction. Enjoyed the culture that promoted transparency and collaboration, with the objective of 'doing the right thing'.","Default Operations","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 31, 2018","4.0"
"Secretary","I worked at this bank over 18 years ago. So my experience is a lot different that it would be today. I enjoyed working there. I just got caught up in the downsizing movement","Clerk - Stenographer to Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 31, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","Great company to work for with amazing management. Very good work life balance- open door policy with management- very flexible and ability to grow with the company","Senior Business Systems Analyst IT","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 31, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","I would never reccemend for anyone to work her high turnover and awful pay. I love my manager and coworkers but the company itself is not great. They micro manage and pressure you to sell. Nothing you do seems good enough","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","May 31, 2018","1.0"
"Standard Corporate Environment","While I liked my superiors, and they were very involved in my career development, this bank is like any other large corporation - you are underpaid and undervalued. Everyone is replaceable. Additionally, the benefits are absolutely horrible for such a large company.","Operations Work Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work. It is a competitive bank with plenty of opportunity for advancement if you are willing put in the effort. They will give you the tools an training to learn the craft and work your way up.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 30, 2018","5.0"
"Sr Participant Service Rep","Receive calls from employees from over 800 american companies needing assistance with their company sponsored retirement account. Educate and inform callers of all IRS and company regulations regarding withdrawals, deposits, fund transfers and investment choices within their company sponsored retirement account. Assist with online access. Issue PIN numbers for callers. Research and respond to caller inquiries when needed.","Participant Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2018","5.0"
"Positive environment","Working at this bank was a really fun and positive environment interacting with different clients. Everyday was a different day working with different eco partners such as loan officers, business bankers, financial advisers, mortgage officer and account executives.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Woodbridge, VA","May 29, 2018","4.0"
"Fun place to work, not enough money compared to responsibilities","I thoroughly enjoyed the customers and coworkers while at this bank. I also highly respected the management and their practices. However, when it came down to compensation the amount of work required was not equivalent to the pay in my opinion.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Middletown, DE","May 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great Management & Leadership"," this bank allowed me to transition into banking comfortably. My manager was a wonderful leader, mentor and coach. My assistant manager who I worked closely with was patient and always available. this bank will allow you to grow within the company as long as you have the desire to succeed. The downside with this bank was the requirement to send referrals to bankers from the teller side. Other than the need to refer products and services, this bank was a great company to work for. It was a pleasure to work under great leadership","Customer Service","Former Employee","Jonesboro, GA","May 29, 2018","5.0"
"N/a","Love the job and the people I work definitely would recommend this job to everyone if banking is for you I say go for it. I am currently part time so I don't get the benefit but I still love waking going to work","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Maryland City, MD","May 28, 2018","5.0"
"Really nice people","Employees are kind and care for one another. Many departments feel like family. I learned a lot during my years of work with this bank. I would recommend this as an employee.","Senior Fraud Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 28, 2018","4.0"
"just a number","just a number in the company. does not matter how well you do, you wont move up if you don't know the right people. a lot of unethical issues within the company in retail branches.","Branch Sales and Service Assoiciate","Former Employee","Palm Bay, FL","May 28, 2018","3.0"
"Great work life balance and good benefits, low salary with few raises"," this bank has a great culture that values work life balance. Just be prepared to move out of your position to earn more more money. Also, the incentives change annually. Don't get used to the compensation structure.","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 27, 2018","4.0"
"Nice experience","I was nice working experience in this bank. Good work culture and facilities available at every this bank office location. Good learning opportunities available there.","Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 25, 2018","4.0"
"Great Benefits, Great Job","This job taught me a lot. Where many people were getting paid more at different banks, the benefits and incentive pay were much higher. I had health, dental, and vision insurance. 401K that this bank matched at 4% to my salary. Definitely opportunity to move up in your position, gain raises etc. I was promoted in my first 3 weeks and received 4 raises in my 11 months of working there.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lake Orion, MI","May 25, 2018","5.0"
"very productive","One of the Best Companies I've worked for and they actual cared about their employees. work life balance was great. Moving through the company wasn't based on seniority.","Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 25, 2018","5.0"
"Loved it!!","I really enjoyed my time at this company! They were supportive, willing to teach, open to growth and promotion and best of all professional. I love not only the company but the business as well.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Summit, NJ","May 25, 2018","5.0"
"Current employee, Benefits are great","Company with great benefits. Don't work in a branch if you are an adult with bills to pay. Can't afford to buy a home on the salary given.. Pay is not worth it.","Branch sales and service associate","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 24, 2018","3.0"
"Focused on business growth and shareholder value.","Consistent work structure with routines that allowed for expectations to be understood and met. Branch work environment allowed for comfortable work atmosphere with associates.","Senior Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 24, 2018","5.0"
"Customer service based","Morning meeting , goals and expectations of the day.Assist with bank morning traffic.Maintain a neat and organized secured work area. Assist with lobby management, pointing customers in the right direction according to their needs.Assist Personal banker and management with opening accounts, follow ups, disputes and multi channel phone calls. etcBank product benefits positioned to all customers. Management was a team effort. To assist the management team during the day with bank traffic, so that no one employee or manager is overloaded. Team work all day. Communication is key.Hardest part of the job would be working and dealing with fraud. The most enjoyable part of the day is being able to help customers see their finances differently.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Ayden, NC 28513","May 24, 2018","5.0"
"workplace and growth","job was great in management, flexibility, culture and requirements of job. Training was given and it was an overall great job. The only thing is job security was bad.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 24, 2018","4.0"
"Low paying advancingjob","You can advance at this bank if you can tolerate the low pay for awhile. They're maternity leave policy is horrible. It's stressful work for the little pay you receive. You're constantly watched and not in a good way.","Teller","Former Employee","Canal Winchester, OH","May 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank was a great place to work I feel like I gained a lot of experience working there. The people I worked with were great as well as the supervisors and they were always there to help if needed","Collection Agent","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place of Employment","Very collaborative, fair wages, promotion prompt, willing and ready to help all who desire to advance. Rated as number one place of employment of my resume.","Senior Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company","Working with this bank was great. I say with because they do whatever they can to include you as a part of the team rather than some they pay. this bank's training is the best I've had. The hardest part of my job was working from home and making that transition. That type of work is for some people and not for others. Unfortunately, it was not for me. this bank also does not let you transition back if you find it unfitting. Instead, you must wait 6 months to complete all training to move.","Customer Service Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2018","5.0"
"Great benefits, retirement, time off","Great place to work for someone looking to get into the financial sector, starting pay is good as well as company benefits. Time off is better than that of most entry level positions.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Asheville, NC","May 23, 2018","4.0"
"Not great","Hostile work environment, many if not all coworkers disliked each other and made thinly veiled comments about one another. Manager did little to nothing to address or diffuse the situation","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 22, 2018","2.0"
"Bad Workplace","The company does not care for their employees. I find it hard to advance in the company. They always say experience matters over everything else. It is very gossip filled culture.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2018","2.0"
"Decent job, great benefts","I learned a lot about finance and mortgages. The management have difficulty stock of what their employees' complaints or suggestions regarding functionality of systems, but do try to accommodate their employees with day to day necessities.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2018","2.0"
"Good benefits","Good benefits, flexible work arrangements, strict attire requirements, 9-5 bank work day for most people, no parking at corporate office, nice friendly coworkers","Finance Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 22, 2018","4.0"
"Team Lead for the 401K Administration Group","Managed a team of 6 Administrators responsible for managing 401K accounts for Plan Sponsors by maintaining plan documents monitoring regulatory filings, plan compliance testing and any necessary processing all participant activity. The management team was great, we worked well together, unfortunately our positions were relocated to Pittsburgh.","Vice President","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 20, 2018","4.0"
"Great work environment and management","This job gives you every opportunity to excel in your role. this bank's training programs are top notch. In my experience management wanted to help you grow in your role. Compensation could be higher.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Seymour, IN","May 20, 2018","4.0"
"None","Through face-to face interactions with customers, I had the opportunity to provide top- notch customers service handling financial transactions accurately and efficiently. I spent my day having professional and friendly interactions with both customers and team members","Teller - Fulltime","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 20, 2018","5.0"
"Good Company"," this bank was a good company to work for. It is a company that is widespread and growing. I was only there for six months after they purchased the company that I was with.","Unknown","Former Employee","Unknown","May 19, 2018","4.0"
"Good work place good management","I liked working at this bank it was a exciting job dealing with all nature of people and cultures. Dealing with Attorneys and the courts. The co-works were always willing to help each other if needed we where a team.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 19, 2018","5.0"
"needs improvement","work was repetitive. everyday we came in and did the exact same thing. Nobody had fun we weren't even allowed to talk and or have conversations like other departments. Nobody wanted to participate in the fun activities the ' enthusiastic employees' tried to push for. The colleges either talked about you and made it comfortable or was blatantly rude and did not care. Other than that, yeah work was fine unless you wanted a raise or advancement.","Detection and Investigation Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 19, 2018","3.0"
"Learning a new job","Assisting all customer needs, cash and deposit checks, open and close accounts, settle and replenish ATM, order and ship money, settle teller and branch settlements","Bank Teller","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","May 18, 2018","3.0"
"Nice people to work with","People are generally nice to deal with, work life balance is OK, low turn-over rate, plenty of training opportunity, company culture is OK, promotion is not easy though","Modeling Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 18, 2018","4.0"
"Too Long Ago","My time at this bank was over 20 years ago. This gap in time makes my comments about the firm no longer meaningful. I did enjoy my time there and would recommend it to others.","Primarily accounting manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15265","May 18, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent Team Environment","When in the proper environment with a strong team, this job can be competitive, but collaborative and fun! The universal model that this bank is shifting towards gives a great opportunity to advance sales, but can be difficult when having to focus on teller capabilities too. Overall, the team environment is a make or break topic as far as hitting your incentives.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","May 17, 2018","5.0"
"Honestly a great company","The resources and training given to employees for the opportunity to advance their knowledge and career is very well conducted. The department leads and mangers are mostly really good people who want you to succeed and will work with you on whatever you care to improve upon. The company has a great culture inclusive of all people and backgrounds.","Trust Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 17, 2018","4.0"
"nice working environment,","My front desk receptionist position was okay. They wanted me to help with insurance calls on their financed equipment, but I was not fully trained and they claimed they were short staffed. I finally told them I did not feel comfortable making these calls as I did not know what I was suppose to be requesting and when asked questions from agents, I really didn't know what to say.","Front Desk","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 17, 2018","3.0"
"OK bank to work for","Pay was good. Management was OK, but they didn't communicate well with us. Too many meetings and not enough tellers to cover on busy days. Goals were fair.","SR BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Fair Haven, NJ","May 17, 2018","3.0"
"Fun and productive place to work which compensated me well","A typical day at work for me consisted of being on the phones with my customers internal and external. I learned about the home preservation programs which were created to assist customers with staying in their homes. My Manager was extremely knowledgeable about the Mortgage loan servicing process and investor guidelines. My manager was helpful not just to me but any departments. The culture was diverse. The hardest part of my job was delivering foreclosure sales to customers and the most enjoyable part of work was advising borrowers of their approval for hone retention options.","single point of contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 16, 2018","4.0"
"Fast-paced and demanding","This position required a lot of research and resolution of customer issues with very structured deadlines.This position in highly regulated to ensure customer needs were met.","Excellent Servicing Solutions Rep II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 16, 2018","5.0"
"stable worplace, little room for advancement"," this bank is a good company to work for however there is little room for advancement. I often did not feel valued or supported by management. There was little recognition for exceptional performance.","Agency Performance Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 16, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work","I loved working at this bank, the managers were great at teaching you to be a better employee, co-workers shared best practices that would help everyone out, some managers would create a fun and competitive atmosphere, be prepared though to deal with aggressive and unfriendly customers every now and then, they would say terrible things over the phone","Core consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 15, 2018","5.0"
"Excellent company","I loved working at this bank until I became disabled. However; there computer systems and programs were unable to allow the use of speak to type programs such as Dragon, etc. accommodations required to meet my disability requirements or reduced hours. Therefore, I was unable to return. In addition, after being LTD, there was no current job opening in my department.","Senior collateral Underwriter","Former Employee","Virtual","May 15, 2018","4.0"
"customer care center","It was an exceptional workplace. youthful. The customer care center in Kalamazoo is a great place to work.I would recommend it to others looking for a position in banking.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 14, 2018","5.0"
"Job security is good","Is a good place to work. The chance for advancement is great if you are willing to work hard. Great benefit which is hard to find these days. Hardest part of the job is doing straight data entry for 8 to 9 hours a day.","Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 14, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to work","I would recommend this bank to any and everyone. A great environment to work in. Great benefits- 401K, pension, healthcare ect. Management guides you without micro managing.","Sales Administrator","Current Employee","Los Angeles, CA","May 14, 2018","5.0"
"Customer Service Representative","Inbound calls 70-100 calls per day Service customers and resolve issues Multitasking is in high demand in this positionThe hardest part can be dealing with irate customers constantly (it can be very mentally draining)Always room for advancement or working in a different departmentThe company hires internally first The pay is good to start- plenty of opportunity for raises Incentive bonuses We receive benefits at a discounted rate I gave a 3, because frontline agents can be borderline verbally abused by customers-- we cannot disconnect the line30 minute lunches- pack your lunch to maximize your timescheduled adherence is strict, not much room for errorssometimes I feel my position is based on quantity not the quality of the work","Technical Support","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 14, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Taught Me A Lot","I learned so much while working at this bank. I traveled a lot with my job. I gained so much experience and I am grateful. I recommend this bank for job seekers. It is a great place to work.","Senior Auditor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 13, 2018","5.0"
"Don't work there","They fired me for being a Veteran. Couldn't prove it of course. But that is the only reason possible as last I heard, they were still using my code. Additionally, they primarily hire non-Americans to write critical code that can't go more than a month before having a Sev 1 failure.","Software Engineer - Senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2018","1.0"
"flexible with school scheduke"," this bank is a good place to work while you are in school, most departments you can make your weekly schedule so it makes it flexible. The breaks are short and the calls can be very stressful. However, the pay is pretty good.","Core Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 12, 2018","3.0"
"OK place to work, but Mgr was no help","Not a bad company to work for, but there was a lot of manager turnover. The systems were in place, but processing was not very efficient. The regional manager resigned a few weeks prior to me and the branch manager resigned the same day I did.","MLO","Former Employee","Bellevue, WA","May 11, 2018","3.0"
"Good people","A nice place to work, great colleagues. The interview process was short and was offered the job within a week. this bank is also customer friendly, making sure that its products are matched to its customers financial needs.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","May 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work","The company is a great place to work. They allow you to grow and advance within the organization and provide continuing education. Salary and benefits are great.","Multiple positions within Branch","Former Employee","Brighton, MI","May 10, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company and Workplace","Hard to move up because of all the outside hires. Although trained and has the abilities to do what they ask, opportunities are limited due to whatever reason. Seems to be a bit of favoritism.","BSSA","Current Employee","Irondale, AL","May 10, 2018","3.0"
"very stressful","An average day at this bank can be very stressful. Very high pace work load but over all the daily & at times hourly changes can be a bit much but it was nothing that I couldn't handle. I am a very happy and cheery person and some seem to be annoyed with that. What I enjoyed about the job was my customers and servicing them to the best of my ability","Consumer Support Spoc Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 10, 2018","5.0"
"Looking for new possibilities.","I am a hard worker, with many years of experience. I manage my team and help when needed with other teams in our department. Learned many different products within the International department, including Export and Import Letters of Credits and documentary collections. Looking for new possibilities.","Officer","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","May 10, 2018","4.0"
"Cool place"," this bank has been a cool place to work. I've been there for almost 23 years. The only issue that I've noticed is lack of diversity in upper management. That and the raises aren't much to be desired.","Bank Corporate Actions Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 10, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful"," this bank is a great job, but it can be extremely stressful. The company is very big on micromanaging, and for some job security is not certain. There are great networking opportunities.","BBC Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 9, 2018","3.0"
"Don't apply for the operations specialist position","The operations specialist/associate position was extremely stressful!! I was being micromanaged everyday. It is a fast paced production environment and it would be more beneficial if the managers didn't hover over you while you're working it's ridiculous. I would've preferred the ability to focus on doing my job. If you enjoy stress, your breaks and bathroom breaks timed to the last second, and micromanagement this job is for you! I feel so much better now that I no longer work there.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 9, 2018","2.0"
"They really take care of you"," this bank takes great care of their employees, one of the few companies that still over pension plans. However, they are also the lowest paying financial institution on the market.","Teller","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","May 9, 2018","5.0"
"A good place to start your banking career"," this bank provides a very extensive training program to help build knowledge and gain an understanding of Bank Regulations. There is limited room for advancement which makes it a good place to start your career.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","May 8, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful"," this bank, when hiring tellers, should let interviewees know that they are basically being hired to sell and telemarket. If you reach your goals you're told to do more. If you don't meet your goals you will be disciplined or they will find reasons to replace you. Teller skills are not at the top of their list of requirement. It's all about the sales. Even if you get a decent immediate manager, the upper management can be brutal.","Teller","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","May 7, 2018","1.0"
"Good company, if you're in Pittsburgh"," this bank is definitely a super regional bank. Despite their numerous acquisitions and forays into the national market, they remain a Midwest Bank in approach. Croneyism exists in large measure, and senior leaders rise directly from that small corridor that exists between Pittsburgh-Cleveland-Philadelphia. Their Southeast US operations never received the full attention and energy needed to succeed and will retain its 1-2% market share perpetually.","Senior Healthcare Business Banker","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","May 7, 2018","4.0"
"Management Structure","The management structure needs some work, or at least that what seems to be the case on my department. Each department seems to work as their own island, governed by the head of the department.","Technical Writer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 6, 2018","4.0"
"Overall a good company to work for","good company to work for, pay was on a bit low side, management is understanding, people work together well, location I worked at was in suburbs, low customer flow,","Any position","Former Employee","Homer Glen, IL","May 6, 2018","4.0"
"The Good and The Bad","Some of the managers are full of ego but the others are great. The salary is NOT nearly enough for the amount of stress and difficult customers you have to deal with, let alone a living wage. Yes, the health insurance, discounts, and the few paid days off are great. If they were to up the hourly wage to at least $16 the jobs would be worth it.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 5, 2018","3.0"
"worst place i ever worked","After being an analyst for several years elsewhere, I made the sad mistake of going to this bank. This was now for me several years ago and I am still scarred by the experience.","Performance Reporting Analyst","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","May 5, 2018","1.0"
"Job Shop","Massive work area - a lot of space. Heavy workload. Direct manager was excellent. Fast paced. Disappointing customers when appraisals were not signed off on. Working with customers","Senior Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2018","3.0"
"Great For Someone With A Family","This job offers great benefits and a lot of advancement opportunities. The pay is great , even as a part time employee I had full time hours. The hours are fixed so you always know which hours your working.","Teller","Former Employee","Bedford, OH","May 5, 2018","4.0"
"Some areas are better than others....","There are some great aspects to working for this company -- some locations offer casual attire and some business units are permitted to WFH, with reasonable limitations when you do WFH. You get to work with a wide array of people across locations - which is both challenging and interesting. There is talk about 'challenging the status quo' but should you levy a challenge it is often not well received. There is frequent change of leadership with in the teams - which is disruptive and prevents continuity. They do have a liberal internal job posting practice, but moving with in can be challenging. Despite qualifications for open positions. hiring is based more on who you know than what you know - which is extremely discouraging. I feel there is not a gender pay gap at this company. The pay grades and comp structure is based on the job - not who fulfills it. Which is a plus! The typical work day is filled with conference calls. Some of which are helpful, others that are not a good use of ones time. Health benefits are not great. Plans have a high deductible and out of pocket expenses. They are generous with vacation time, etc. After you meet a required time of service you can even purchase another weeks vacation. Most managers are accommodation with Dr's appts etc. For those considering working here, i would ask questions during the interview process and make sure you are comfortable before you accept any offers. If you want to achieve a certain level, career wise, ask what you need to do etc. Career path'ing is NOT a strong point at this company. They consider - more...","Operations Manager II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 4, 2018","3.0"
"Bad just bad","The company dose not give annual raises unless your perfect they never promote from with in. They don't care about their employees I was verbally abused by my trainer and was told that's just how she is and to deal with it","Personal banker","Former Employee","Mentor, OH","May 3, 2018","1.0"
"overall a good place to work","thought that the grass looked greener but was wrong, should have stayed with the organization. Good pay with opportunity to grow from within. Although management could use a little help they seem to be getting better","Accounts receivable expert","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","May 3, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place","I have enjoyed working for this bank! They are a great company to work for with tons of room to grow. We have a great 401K plan, and benefits. Along with locations all over the US","Investment Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 3, 2018","5.0"
"valuable experience","counting large sums of money, depositing customer money and checks, selling credit management was very knowledgeable and helpful the workplace culture was happy and team like the hardest part of the job was business banking the most enjoyable part was the family like atmosphere","Retail Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 2, 2018","5.0"
"Typical large regional bank","Typical large regional bank - a lot of policies and rules to follow, customer service driven, plenty of different opportunities to pursue, benefits are decent, compensation is average, results driven atmosphere","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 2, 2018","4.0"
"Back Up Daycare for Employees","The one thing I loved about this bank was there was a back up daycare at my location. I was able to bring my child/children to the day care in an emergency, such as current school being closed. Camps in the summer was very convenient as well.","Learning Coordinator and Program Session Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 2, 2018","2.0"
"Typical Bank","There is a lot of brown nosing in this company. its not what you know but who you know when it comes to advancement but other than that its a decent company to work for. this bank stands behind its brand and is about giving great customer service. if you're good with people this may be the job for you","Branch Service Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore County, MD","May 1, 2018","4.0"
"Do not fall for their promises","Micromanagement at its best. All about sales and numbers at the end of the day, despite what they tell you. If you are a seasoned banker, stay away from them. this bank wants inexperienced people so they can mold them into what they think a banker should be. They do not value experience. Pay is woefully short compared to their competitors. They think their process is the end all to be all. If there is a problem, they believe the people are the problem and not their process. Very arrogant bank.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","May 1, 2018","1.0"
"nice people","Nice people but very sales orientated lot of pressure to sale felt like I was attacking people everyday with the same questions and offers even if they say no it is expected to ask over and over again.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lusby, MD 20657","May 1, 2018","3.0"
"This location.. All fun and games","This location was all fun and games, did not take there work seriously which made my position hard as I was looking for a career and not a job. I thought this bank was a successful company and hired people that wanted to be successful as well.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Maplewood, MO","April 30, 2018","1.0"
"Check your personality at the door.","If you are part of the clique - you are golden. Don't come in here trying to be an individual. this bank is all about metrics but does little to nothing with anything it encounters that does not go along with the current storyline.","Loan Administrator","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 30, 2018","1.0"
"Good local company","Good benefits. I did not work with this company long enough to give any thought to a review. It helped prepare me for what I needed. It's nice that it's a local company and you have opportunities to move to all different departments.","Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2018","5.0"
"Laid back place to work","Customer service focus, typical day on auto dialer taking outbound and incoming calls fast pace enviorment. Good culture base, enjoyable part of the job was to satisfy the customer, to reach your goals in regards to montior requirments within the calls. What I learned was how to handle irate callers as well as being a teamplayer, how to stay customer focus and friendly at the same time.","Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2018","3.0"
"xcelant place to work","I am very luck working with this bank Bless by God such a nice team my manager my coworker every body even my customers my Regional My mentors my faciliters every one. Good place to work.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","581 steltonrd Piscataway NJ 08854","April 29, 2018","5.0"
"helped me learn how to problem solve with fast pace work environment.","remain confident in a fast intense work environment. if there was any simple questions you would have to self problem solve. very diverse workplace. i enjoyed employee appreciation week.","customer service rep","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2018","3.0"
"Flexible work environment, but there are trade-offs","There are pluses and minuses to working at this bank. Positives - flex schedule and work from home, Negative - heavy outsourcing with sub-par quality workers, heavy process, and slow to implement. If you work here, expect heavy process and strict procedures, many constraints to performing your job, mass approvals needed for just about everything, and an 'over-the-top' amount of required documentation. The approval process is so heavy that it loses the intent, i.e., approvers select 'approved' without reviewing. The company tries to cut costs by outsourcing to OffShore and OnShore (non-US citizen) resources, but quality suffers. Cultural differences are apparent in quality of work, work ethic, and efficiency. Projects take an unreasonable amount of time to complete, and end up being costly. I wish upper management would understand that they are losing quality employees to less qualified, and less dedicated employees. The non-US contracted resources are initially less expensive, but end up costing the company and shareholders much more. On the up-side, the company tries to institute a work-life balance during the holidays, and avoids scheduling production deployments during these times. The work from home option is wonderful. It saves on commute time, and provides a quieter environment to work.","Technology Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great workplace","Great work place. Great management. Flexible schedule/hours. Can do part time/full time. Good for high school graduates. Many branch locations. Many positions available for advancement.","Teller","Former Employee","Sterling, VA","April 27, 2018","4.0"
"Worked from home"," this bank was a part time home job that I worked from home. I loved the clients and the job but this bank would never allow full time for that position. I learned a lot about online banking which helped me in my personal banking. Management changed a lot so sometimes you did not know who to call on if you needed help or had a question.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 27, 2018","3.0"
"Its Ok","Its a typical banking environment however, moving up in the company is is not the easiest of task. Also, the compensation is not the best. The area I worked in was also not the best","Customer Services Rep","Former Employee","Decatur, GA","April 25, 2018","4.0"
"Part-Time Teller","Being a teller was interesting. You get the opportunity to know your customers who most of time are regulars of the bank you are assigned to. Then, you get the opportunity to be a floater - which mean you are assigned to another bank to work if needed.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","April 25, 2018","5.0"
"Great place just wished paid more","Enjoyed working at this bank. Had pretty set schedule and office environment was nice. however, didn't like low pay and difficult to advance within your local branch.","Teller","Former Employee","Huber Heights, OH","April 25, 2018","4.0"
"productive work place environment, good co-workers","Was a great place to learn the work place environment of a large corporation. It was a fast place with high demands of the people who worked there. Very rewarding.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 24, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed workimg in the Operations Center - back office banking.","Worked for this bank in their Operations Center for roughly 11 years. Overall a very good experience. Management was fair and very interested in employee satisfaction. Seemed they fell behind a bit technologically, but were taking steps to catch up. Salary was very fair and health benefits were adequate.","Commercial","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 24, 2018","4.0"
"No career advancement, low pay, and undervalued","It's impossible to move up, the pay does not cover cost of living, and they don't really care about you at all. Every day is the same and very boring. If you're boring, this company is for you. If you're willing to just settle for a comfortable job because 'at least you'll have a job,' this company is for you, if you're looking to be broke and not take nice vacations, get a job here. If you like to struggle to save money, get a job here. If you want terrible health insurance and love medical bills, this bank is just for you.","Fraud Investigator","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 24, 2018","1.0"
"N/a","great company for consumers, very technology advanced. Not good pay for the amount of stress and legal things that you deal with. Not good enough pay for the amount of work that you do","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Maineville, OH","April 24, 2018","3.0"
"Sad to see company chang","Used to be a great company. It's not as great as before. Low salaries and only new employees will get more money but then once they are here they are stuck. Lots of cliques","Client Solutions Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 23, 2018","3.0"
" this bank","Great place to work especially when you have a family. Pay is low for price of living. they have advancement opportunities. Sales oriented culture. overall good","Banker","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 23, 2018","5.0"
"Productive place to work","Overall people are good to work with. A lot of red tape to get jobs accomplished. Impossible to get raise. Overall seem to take care of employees for long term. A lot of 20 year and longer employees.","Treasury Management Officer - Vice President","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 23, 2018","4.0"
"Review","The job was through an agency and i was not picked up by the company. I enjoyed working for the company but the training process was not there. Thank you","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 22, 2018","3.0"
"Enjoyed working with all my co-workers","Was a small town bank until this bank bought them, so I knew some of the customers that came in already. I really enjoyed working with the public nd always have.","part time Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, OH","April 22, 2018","5.0"
"I worked at branch level through out my career at this bank. The branch environment is fun to work with.","Having a good relationship with immediate managers, peers and team will make a difference . Employees get opportunities to learn and grow within the branch setting.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 22, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to work and learn about banking","It was a nice place to learn about banking. Not fast paced at all and the managers and crew were nice enough to help you out when you needed it. The clients were also nice and most were regulars that you got to know after a while","Branch Service and Sales Representative","Current Employee","Gainesville, FL","April 22, 2018","5.0"
"work load","Work load to high and not enough people to cover shifts and every thing has to be done like yesterday in this environment. everything is in high demand and upper management don't care about new Ideal and technology that is out there. they always shut down your ideals for in this company to grow and evolve. security is so high you cant work.","IT Field Technician 2","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 21, 2018","2.0"
"Great company","I absolutely loved working for this bank. The only reason I left is that I was presented with an opportunity making substantially more money without the hour long commute. Have every intention of re-applying there during my job search.","Process Manager","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 19, 2018","5.0"
"Relexed place to work for","worked in trading room sending wires to buy trades and received wires in for selling it was nice company to work for was laid off for down sizing ..","Trader Assistant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 19, 2018","4.0"
"Competitive sales driven family","Your Typical 9-5 costumer service/ Sales job. Teaches you compassion but it helps if you can discern the truth. Management is active in your development and actively foster a type of workplace family culture. The hardest part of the job is dealing with costumers but it can also be the best.","Banker","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 17, 2018","4.0"
"Rhayshar Lane","Typical day at work: Morning log-in, work is distributed each hour. What I learned: I learned a lot in this role, my training was excellent . Management: excellent . culture was good. No hard parts to the job, just come into work, focus on my training and make sure I am not making errors. enjoyable part is working with a supportive team","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15219","April 17, 2018","4.0"
"This was an entry level job.","Banking gave me the experience to enter the work force. Training was quick with precision. Overall, progress and advancement was very very slow. There were challenges and skills acquired in cash and fraud management where I performed very well and even above the call of duty.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","April 17, 2018","5.0"
"Professional working surroundings","Great place to work!! Always learning new things on a day to day basis. Friendly staff and customers. I got to dress professionally everyday and work in a very clean environment which was a big change from my last job.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Bentleyville, PA","April 16, 2018","5.0"
"Decent workplace","It's a good workplace. However, be prepared to be micromanaged. There are constant sales goals to meet and your manager will expect you to always stay proactive to meet those goals.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","April 16, 2018","4.0"
"Management","I worked for this bank for almost 5 yrs, the first 3 yrs were awesome and then I got a new manager and everything went down hill. I saw 20-25 people come and go during that almost 2 yr period. I kept saying that I was going to leave, until one day they made my decision for me. I miss the customers the most. I now know that politics and loyalty cannot exist in a working environment. I wish management knew that.","Senior Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New Berlin, WI","April 16, 2018","2.0"
" this bank","I enjoyed working for this bank. The training was extensive in the Loan Solutions department, but the training in the Sanction Screening department was more of a self-taught situation.","Real Time Sanction Screening Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 14, 2018","4.0"
"you get out what you put in","too big. good room for advancement if you know people. They paid for my education but wouldn't give me a job in the field they sent me to school for.","Reporting Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company","Very friendly management. Everyone seemed to get along and like to work together. Team-lead always had my back and departments got along well. Didn't have to be afraid to ask questions or ask for help/training. I miss working there.","Packaging Coordinator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 13, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and well managed company","I loved working at this bank Financial Services. Excellent executive management. Good management training available and required. Good place to develop your career. Collaborative, fun, hard working environment","Loan Documentation Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 13, 2018","4.0"
"Customer Care Center is Cancer","Customer care center should have been a path to other positions within the company. You learn a lot about banking here and deal with customer over the phone, but the care center is dead end position. You can advance within the telephone center but outside of that it's impossible. You are on a tight schedule as they monitor your work time on the phone. And when I had scheduled time off to talk with HR, they missed my appointment twice. They offered little more than, 'Oh, I forgot.' I started with a training class of 30 people after 1 year there was 5 of us left. All fired or quit. Sad.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Competitive","Very Competitive environment, pushed to get goals, very stressful working in a 100% commission job, finding clients to sell too, and finding the right customers.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Branch, MI","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Need Moore strategy When it comes to projects","Major issues surrounding operations and systems, need to invest into technology to help reduce long processes and human error. Too many redundancies and lack of vertical alignment in compliance.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Ability to grow and learn various functions within the company"," this bank at that time was merging with a few banks. I worked through two acquisitions. Work environment was great a real family oriented place to work. My managers were involved with the community and we were kept abreast of services we could implement. The transition became turbulent which lead to a lack in oversight of sustainability in some branches.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 12, 2018","5.0"
"easy as home..","2-3 early morning call per week.. 2-4 interviews per week. 2-5 trouble shootings, including developing new environments and migration to newer versions as well week fixes for various vulnerabilities","Infrastructure Eng","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","April 12, 2018","5.0"
"It's a good place to work if you're just starting.","Banking is good at this bank and working is okay. It's low paying and very dumbed down, but it's a good place to get your foot in the door if you plan to work elsewhere in banking.","Workplace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Clayton, MO","April 12, 2018","4.0"
"good place to work","meet all requirements of the job. meets all deadlines on time. gets along well with all peers. detail orientated. works well without supervision. always on time for work and only takes off on scheduled day. unless illness is scheduled by a doctor","Credit Administrator I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 11, 2018","4.0"
"Likeable","I worked 8 hrs a day, 40 hrs a week. My direct supervisor was great and really helped in any way he could. The pay just wanted competitive enough especially working in town and needing to pay for parking.","Wire Product Client Services","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2018","4.0"
"Changing Culture","Moving toward a micro management culture with high pressure sales. Limited advancement outside of retail. Branch daily life is focused on sales activities and setting appointments with existing clients.","Vice President","Current Employee","Leonia, NJ","April 10, 2018","3.0"
"job","Like transferring to their data to new computers. Make sure they all their data and able to login have access all their application. Great people to work with","desktop Migration","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","April 10, 2018","1.0"
"Very Friendly Work environment"," this bank has a very friendly work environment at least in our Vertical. Managers are open to new ideas and designs which makes sense for the bank. Good Work life balance.","Senior Data Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2018","4.0"
"Terrible Management","I had the absolute WORST manager I think was even possible. At one point she had told one of the girls that I had worked with that she didn't like her outfit that day and that she looked 'like she belonged on a corner somewhere'. The pay was okay. Nothing special.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 10, 2018","3.0"
"Solid Company - Direction in Retail constantly changing","Overall, a great organization. I think once we determine what direction we want to commit to in terms of the retail platform, we are going to take it to another level..","SVP - Regional Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 10, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is great place to work for working mothers"," this bank gives awesome mother's benefits and time off for new working mothers. They offer a great work/life balance. They offer competitive pay that is right up there with other banking institutions. It is just hard to move up, and hard to know what is available to you--even if you ask...at least in the market I am in.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","KY","April 10, 2018","4.0"
"Terrible place","Started off ok then after being there 3 years was let go because of a 'procedure violation' but really got fired because the manager didn't like me...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lansdowne, PA","April 10, 2018","1.0"
"Nice place to work","It was a nice job. You get good training, but the teller supervisor is the real person that you should confide in as a teller with pretty much everything. Asking questions will save your job in a dicey situation, which you get those people who will try and pull a fast one. this bank is known for there honesty which I liked.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Columbiana, OH","April 9, 2018","5.0"
"Very Two-Faced","People would belittle others, the rules were different for each person in the departments, and there was zero consistency. Not a happy, healthy, or fun place to work at all.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","April 9, 2018","1.0"
"Values and Practices","Values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions, and ability to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.","Teller","Former Employee","Delray Beach, FL","April 9, 2018","5.0"
"Great Bank - Location Dependent"," this bank is a great bank. They have very smart leaders who have integrity; best of both worlds from the Wall Street banks to the Main St banks. Strong culture, strong products, great branch environment. If you live outside of the major hubs: Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Charlotte, Kalamazoo then there isn't much opportunity for advancement. Branches at any bank aren't fun anymore and this bank is no different-bare bones staffing, not very good raises, and unrealistic expectations. this bank doesn't pay particularly well but they are nicer to work for than a lot of other banks.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Illinois","April 9, 2018","4.0"
"Poor work/life balance","Work 6 days most months, unless you request a Saturday off. Very micro managed. They wanna know what you are doing every hour of the day. No time to focus on personal life. When you do well and achieve your goals they want more.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","April 8, 2018","3.0"
"depends on what branch and your management","Overall I believe this bank is very demanding when it comes to goals. Having works at a location that eventually turned into a 'Business Banking branch' the goals doubled and sometimes seemed impossible to achieve. Working for the company was great, I met a lot of great people, most of my co-workers were wonderful, it cam just be a very stressful job.","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Manassas, VA","April 8, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Retail Bank","I went in to the job trying to escape the typical retail work environment, only to encounter more of the same problems one would find at other retail jobs.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","April 7, 2018","3.0"
"Reliable"," this bank is an excellent place to work. this bank values their employees, customers and local community. Employees were encouraged to participate in the community and volunteer with the this bank grow up great program.","Coach","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","April 6, 2018","5.0"
"I would recommend this place","A good place to work, good benefits, bonuses area a plus, good management. potential for advancement and convient location was emplyed there for about 2 years.","Online Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great experience"," this bank taught me a lot about the financing world that I still use on an everyday basis. Unfortunately, because of the 9 to 5 business hours, it was tough to schedule school.",","Part-Time Teller to Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","April 6, 2018","4.0"
"Productive and fund place to work","great management , great benefits. It gives you options to move up and also between departments. Supportive management and great work environment. Like working here","Banker II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 6, 2018","5.0"
"Loved my coworker's"," this bank is a competitive yet fun place to work. Training is well conducted and the tools are always available. I believe that they should pay up to their standards, other then that this bank is a good place to work.","BSSA","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Great culture to be a part of, solid compensation, poor management!!","Worked as a Private Client Group Relationship Manager. The position was FANTASTIC!! Great pay, great incentive opportunity, decent benefits, and excellent work/life balance. However, this bank has very poor managers. The managers are more concerned with sales production that they do about building relationships with the customers. And as a whole, they aren't very supportive of their employees. I'd recommend this bank to anyone as a place to work, but encourage caution with the management. Excessive office politics!!","Private Client Group Relationship Manager I","Former Employee","Pleasant Hills, PA","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Well organzed operation","The company's business philosophy is one of the best.The business strategies employed will assure the company;s growth. The strive for perfection in all departments is a positive goal,and the cooperation between staff and all departments is admirable.","Agent","Former Employee","Prrville,OH","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Fast paced enviorment","I liked the fast pace work day because it made the day go fast. this bank had great customers, they would bring the teller line all kinds of cookies, candy for Christmas. Most all were patient and polite. This is where I learned the most of all of my banking experience. I had some great manager's. The hardest part was on the first and third of every month. The customer line would be out the door and around the corner. I enjoyed most of the employee's and customer's.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Good customer facing experience","This job entails a lot of customer focus. Can be very demanding as far as working more than 40 hours. They offer a long of training materials. Good banking experience.","Universal Banker III","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Decent benefits regarding paid time off. Good first job to gain experience.","Pay is not competitive with similar roles in other companies. Work/life balance is dependent upon your role in the company. It seems that customer facing roles are being made to work later and later. this bank does offer incentive, but it can be difficult to get. Good first job to gain professional experience.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 5, 2018","4.0"
"Nope","The hours are terrible. Working holidays, Sundays, nights and harassing people in food stores. You're expected to silicate people in the cereal isle. Working in a bank on Thanksgiving day is not ok by me","Senior Loan Processor I","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","April 5, 2018","1.0"
"Very stressful","I was a MLO. At the time I worked there processing was a issue. My manager at the time went out on a leave right after I started and I had no support. They offered good products but no support.","MLO","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","April 5, 2018","3.0"
"A lot of opportunity to grow"," this bank is a good place to work. Strong core values, and very stable. I gained a lot of knowledge and exposure working at this bank, but opportunities in Columbus are limited within the HR space. Overall, I would recommend this bank as a positive employer.","Recruiter I","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","April 4, 2018","4.0"
"Great place."," this bank was a great place to work.Expectations were high but fair.Leadership was solid and consistent.Would not have left if not for our department being eliminated for strategic reasons.","Fice President - Team Leader","Former Employee","Troy, MI","April 4, 2018","4.0"
"Bank Teller","Entry level pays minimum wage for skilled work. Made multiple efforts to increase responsibility and move up within the company, however these positions were given to friends and family of regional manager.","Merchant Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 4, 2018","2.0"
"Stressful Job","The management was horrible, talking about other employees to other employees. Always causing a hostile work environment and competition between employees.","UNIVERSAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Onekama, mi","April 3, 2018","1.0"
"Did Not Enjoy Working Here","At the Time, management was not good. Inconsiderate of work life balance, they never celebrated success or recognized staff. Everything was centered around sales and that your numbers were never good enough.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 3, 2018","3.0"
"Good place","Good place to work, stressful, fast paced. Great hours, holidays off vacation sick time. No company holiday parties, company didn't really pay for anything","Teller","Former Employee","Ludington, MI","April 3, 2018","4.0"
"Unrealistic expectations","Borderline unethical practices. High goals and high pressure lead to a very stressful environment. Manager has no clue how to effectively lead a team. Very negative culture has led to rock bottom morale. Avoid.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Bellevue, KY","April 3, 2018","2.0"
"Strong Financially Services Organization"," this bank's culture changed in the time I was there from an employee friendly corporation to more of a financially driven business. I would return to work there as there was a 400 million dollar cutback with mass layoffs and retail store closings.","CDR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 3, 2018","3.0"
"n/a","I don't understand why this is required. I really enjoyed this bank especially due to our area manager was a great manager he once was a loan officer so that help in him knowing what we do.","Residential Loan Officer","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","April 2, 2018","4.0"
"Great team, Lackluster company","The core values are not upheld by upper management at all. Work life balance is not a priority and I spend most of my day fighting with other bank employees that are not a part of our department to get our daily work done.","Loan Support Analyst - Dealer Floor Plan","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15219","March 31, 2018","3.0"
"Sometimes it is a nice place to work","Depending on what area you work in it can be a fun place to work. But if you want to develop and advance in your job look for another place to work. this is not the place for someone looking to move up","Senior Data Control Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 30, 2018","3.0"
"Slow-paced & great benefits, yet stressful place to work","Policies and Procedures are impossible to fully comprehend as they are taught as you go with the try and fail approach. Training is mediocre and once again, as you go, however, the manager won't have the time to be the one to train you. Turnover is fairly high. Upper management will be in your branch all of the time if you are not hitting the numbers they want. Pay is decent compared to other banks. Benefits included are healthcare, including dental and vision if desired, 3 weeks of vacation (1 of which must be used all together), 6 sick days, 1 Personal day, 401k, pension plan, decent maternity leave. Typically may work 1-2 Saturdays per quarter. Work day is 8:30am-5:30pm with 1 hour lunch. If you don't like sales, it is not for you.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","March 30, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work for","I really enjoyed working for this bank , great benefits . The company is doing really good and one of the best in customer service. The environment is amazing you just need to do your job to move up.","Service Associate I","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","March 30, 2018","5.0"
"Love to get back","I have enjoyed working at this bank, everyone were professional, I was one of the underwriter who started in the beginning of this bank's mortgage department in Illinois. I would love to work there again if opportunity is available for a remote position.","Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"Pay is better than it was, still stressful","Pay scales were changed in 2017 for branch employees to be more competitive with other banks. Pressure sales atmosphere still very present even after Wells Fargo fiasco. No longer based on 'numbers' (even though we still have goals) but 'behaviors' (whatever that means.)","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"Good Place to Work","Highly reliable and focused Personal Banker with an exceptional client service record and extraordinary depth of loan and credit knowledge. Able to explain complex financial management concepts to a wide variety of professional and non-professional audiences. Adept at working independently or as part of a professional banking team.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Lake Worth, FL","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"under-staffed and under appreciated","always under-staffed and only focus on what can be better rather than the 50 things you bust your butt to do daily. Never take into account how difficult learning new things on the fly can be and treat you like a machine.","Service representative","Current Employee","New Boston, MI","March 29, 2018","3.0"
"work","typical customer service, very nice work culture. Hard to get the shift you want,but I think things have changed. management was great and the morale was good!","Online Banking Technical Support","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"Huge Responsibility Little Compensation"," this bank is not a bad company compared to other financial institutions. however for the amount of responsibility and duties, the compensation is low. Pros: 15 days vacation, 6 days sick paid, Paid holidays and floats. Cons: Very unrealistic sales goals, (starting to feel like a Wells Fargo workplace).","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Naples, FL","March 29, 2018","2.0"
"Good work experience","Excellent company to gain financial sector, retail banking experience. great group of people to work with and learn. As well, excellent training and learning opportunity to get familiarized with different financial products, including loan products, savings and checking accounts.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","March 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great company","Great company to work for with great training, but I felt a disconnect between Retail and Corporate Banking. This meant it was hard to move up in the company because the Retail managers had little to no relationships with the corporate side.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","March 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work. Fun and friendly staff. Excellent compensation. This Business Credit Location specialized in cold call inquires for small to medium sized businesses.","Intern","Former Employee","Glastonbury, CT","March 28, 2018","5.0"
"Great starter Job","I worked here through college and it was great. The hours were flexible allowing me to go to school full time and work over 30 hours/week. My managers and supervisors were always great and understanding of my work/ school balance. When I decided to become full time, after college, they gave me the hours.","Personal Banking Representative","Former Employee","Warminster, PA","March 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great Environment, Great Opportunity"," this bank is a great workplace to be a part of. The days are fast pace, and culture of this bank is very inspiring. The management makes sure that you are on track with your career path, and they are very open to discussions about where you see yourself in the future. The hardest part about working for this bank is where you might have to go for your career. Depending on your career path, you may have to relocate. But overall, I would recommending anybody looking to get into the banking industry to go to this bank.","Finanical Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 28, 2018","5.0"
"Very serious environment built around professionals"," this bank was a great bank I was with them for over 3 years and I love it . However , I found better income opportunities and wanted to be around a more uplifting crowd .","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pembroke Pines","March 28, 2018","3.0"
"Good work life balance, but lot of bureacracy","-Good work life balance, not expected to work on weekends or vacations. -Smart managers who do things the right way. -A lot of internal bureaucracy to deal with","Director","Former Employee","New York, NY","March 27, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work","I loved working at this bank, in Midtown and found that because the company was growing rapidly, there were always opportunities for growth and to be promoted. Unfortunately, I had to move back to Baltimore, but I would recommend it to others looking for a change.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 27, 2018","5.0"
"bank","Learned a lot from this bank during my tenure. I was able to advance within the first seven years there. this bank seem to struggle the past few years on the direction they want the branches to go and on what has been happening in market as far as compliance.","Branch Manager - Vice President","Former Employee","New Brunswick, NJ","March 26, 2018","3.0"
"The world of banking"," this bank as a whole is a good company with great advancement opportunities, but they will cut you out if you aren't immediately making them money and forcing products down people's throats. Even the experienced employees refuse to push the products, and as a result they are overlooked for advancement.","Part-time Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2018","4.0"
"Banking","The banking world has changed so much in the past few years....if you love helping people get to their financial goals than this is for you. The benefits are excellent","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","March 26, 2018","4.0"
" this bank Indianapolis East (Retail)","Managers steal work from personal bankers. Overstaffed due to multiple branch closings and lack of clientele. Low pay compared to industry standards and training is a joke.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 25, 2018","3.0"
"Good","No issues; it's a job; allows you opportunities that other companies may not be willing to provide. Has it's goods and bad but each company does. You can succeed","Senior Mortgage Jumbo Underwriter III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 24, 2018","4.0"
"Fun place to work","Great place to work. I learned a lot, Management was nice and very helpful. Work place was culture was diverse. The hardest part of the job was, not really nothing, I worked with a lot of good people.","Default","Former Employee","West Chester, OH","March 23, 2018","5.0"
"Tough and fast paced","Very fast moving and lots to learn. It is rewarding with knowledge learned. Different systems and loans in different parts of the country. Get to meet lots of people in various walks of life.","Senior Mortgage Operations Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 23, 2018","4.0"
"it was ok","working for this bank was ok. I enjoyed only working 8-5 everyday. However, my branch was always short staffed so I worked every Saturday. Being the teller supervisor wasn't worth it because I only made $2.80 more thazn my regular tellers. so the moral of the store is if you want to work for this bank just be a regular teller!","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 23, 2018","4.0"
"Working at this bank"," this bank is a great company to work for. Being part of the this bank team means that you always give outstanding customer service by learning how to understand our clients financial needs.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Perryville, MD","March 22, 2018","3.0"
"Good Culture","I'm happy with the way that this bank treated me and as well as the way they treat their staff in general. They're great employers. They've taught me a lot which I have gained a lot of experience and when I left, I left feeling like I was a part of a team.","Netapp (NAS) - Data Storage Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 22, 2018","4.0"
"Pins and needles. Intimidating bosses and regional managers.","Bad experience . High turnover. Stressful. Not a good place to work, I prefer my bank I wouldn't want to be a customer at this bank as they push sales sales sales and it's just not healthy in a bank setting, if the tellers are hounding the customers for more features and stuff they don't need.","BSSR","Former Employee","Warsaw, IN","March 21, 2018","1.0"
"Small bank branch with 8-10 employees, typical job description"," this bank's shareholders make millions of dollars every quarter but the employees don't even get a living wage. I had to work 2 jobs just to survive. There was no room for advancement.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Dormont, PA","March 21, 2018","3.0"
"Post Work Environment with Great Culture"," this bank has a great culture with employees who strive to add value and are passionate about their work. The work is challenging, yet rewarding as the customers of this bank are always put first. Management brings out the best of its employees and there is plenty of opportunity for development.","Business Analysis Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2018","5.0"
"great place to work","This is a great place to work if you can deal with the stress of being in charge of other people's money. they have a fast work environment but a great balance to work life sue to their time off policies.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2018","4.0"
"Great Culture, Boring Job, Zero Advancement, Never Paid Well","Great Culture, Boring Job, Zero Advancement, Never Paid Well. If you are not a go getter, you'll love working here. You are a minion, and are treated as such. Definitely a white male executive culture.","Compliance Senior Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2018","3.0"
"no thank you"," this bank is a good company but can wear on you some times. It is stress filled and goal oriented. Push push push for the sale even though the sales word is not to be mentioned.","Business Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Selbyville, DE","March 20, 2018","3.0"
"Great pllace to work if sales isd your thing","I loved my job because it aloowed me a set schedule for my family when I first started. Im not a sales pusher and it seems that that's the way the company is going even though they try to change the wording of the things they ask or require to seem less pushy","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2018","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank has lost it's culture and is continually changing over its management team. My career there was great, but the culture changed to one that had no appreciation of its employees. In fact, I was embarrassed to deliver compensation discussions because the bonus and merit raises were so poor.","Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2018","3.0"
"do not work here","I hated my job there and never wish I would have taken it. false promises and too much entitlement and title abusiveness for my liking. to assistance in helping with management and constantly would contradict themselves. do not work here.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Lititz, PA","March 19, 2018","1.0"
"Great company but not much advancement opportunity","Truly enjoy working for this bank but I feel that as much as I have done for the company, I need more compensation and I am maxed out where I am at. The opportunity for advancement is very slim. I'm ready for change.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Normal, IL","March 19, 2018","4.0"
"incentative were given to employees who met quartely goals.","Not all employees were treated equally. Some employees were favored more than others. Employees would talk about one another instead of working together as a team. They would make it a difficult atmosphere to work in. It was hard to transfer to other branches.","Financial Service Associate","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","March 18, 2018","4.0"
"Fast paced","upper management has no clue as to the workings of retail banking. They set unrealistic goals and honestly don't care if you work short handed or not.","Teller","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","March 18, 2018","2.0"
"Great management","The two departments that I was a part of while at this bank had amazing management. I was never afraid to talk to any of my managers about any issues I had involving work, work hours, or any other issues that may have popped up. My only true complaint about this bank revolved around salary and pay increases. Other banks in the area and in the industry pay their employees a lot more than what this bank does and that was ultimately a huge factor in looking for employment elsewhere.","Detect and Investigate Analyst Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 18, 2018","4.0"
"Great People and Customer Service","The culture was very supportive and I admired how the staff worked so hard and was so talented. this bank really makes a strong effort to retain and grow their Customer base.","Business Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Urbana, MD","March 18, 2018","4.0"
"Bad company to work for","Management is poor. I had hard time with the my mentor, whenever I have question he replied with question. It was hard for me to excel since they place people with no mentor and if there is one he isn't helping at least in my case. Long story short, the company wants the workers to make gold from straw. They find reasons to talk down to the employee and refuse to listen when they make a bad decision.","Financial Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 17, 2018","1.0"
"Love this bank","LOVE this bank. It is a great place to work and you meet a lot over people over the years. Great relationships. They care for their employees and want the best for everyone.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 17, 2018","5.0"
"Salaries are too low for the work load and expectations","Management is very non-responsive. Salary is low and does not increase even with exemplary job performance. Excellence is not rewarded. Work atmosphere is fairly laid back with the exception of people who have disturbing personalities and tendencies. Those employees can do whatever they want, including refusing to do assigned work. Management is weak.","SENIOR DOCUMENT COORDINATOR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 17, 2018","3.0"
"Workplace Culture","This employer offered a wonderful benefits package but they were not consistent in their treatment of associates. There was a multitude of favoritism and lack of responsibility taken by managers.","Sales Associate","Former Employee","Hebron, KY","March 17, 2018","1.0"
"A Great Place To Work!","Working for this bank was very memorable. One of the best work experiences I have ever had. While every corporation has it's ups and downs and every department has it's own personality and needs to meet requirement, the position and department I was apart of (Private Banking) left me with a great experience and lots of knowledge and experience.","RM II Assistant Vice President Private Banking","Former Employee","Clarkston, MI","March 16, 2018","5.0"
"Monthly Bonus","Good opportunity for leaning . Good people to work with. Secured and friendly job environment. Distance was the issue for me to drive everyday. Management was very nice to work with.","Functional Tester","Former Employee","Parkton, MD","March 16, 2018","3.0"
"bigger bank doesn't mean better","too stressful with other staff trying to make sales numbers look good by selling things the client didn't want or need. too cut throat and competitive for me","Head Teller","Former Employee","Hazleton, PA","March 16, 2018","1.0"
"Job Review","Working for this bank was a grind. They took the role of being a Business Banker and added the role of an experienced FA. It is a sneaky way to see and review high valued clients assets in DDA's and attempt to convert. Sounds like a good way to go but in reality, not in my opinion.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","March 16, 2018","3.0"
"Productive & Fun Workplace","Good place to learn about financial reporting. The work environment is relaxed and management does encourage work/life balance. Manager was very understanding if I had to take off time from work for family commitments. I found each day to have its up and downs but was able to work it through working as a team. This is a great place to work for. Coworkers are almost like family. If you ever need help, everyone was more than happy to assist you.","Tester","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, opportunities to rise in your roll or advancement within the company.I enjoy my position, also they have competitive wages. If you are looking to start off in a professional setting and the duties that are asked of you everyday while enjoying the atmosphere and learning a lot, while you start off then I suggest working for this company.","TELLER","Current Employee","Ohio","March 15, 2018","5.0"
"ok company to work for","It was a wonderful company when I started at Provident National Bk, then we merged and became this bank and things changed constantly. Sometimes not for the benefit of the employee and more geared to management. Because of changes I was penalized for my starting age on the job for the 401k and my profit sharing balance was taken and distributed to all employees over age 40 regardless of time with the company. My service meant nothing to the company even though I stayed 30 years. I managed to survive 2 previous job transfers before the last in 2012. I have heard the company has changed even more since then and not all for the better.","Sr Client Services Officer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 15, 2018","4.0"
"Fast paced","Management can be good or bad depending on location and the person managing the branch. There are opportunities to advance, but will take some time to gain experience before qualifying for advancement. It's usually laid back environment.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Reston, VA","March 15, 2018","4.0"
"Working at this bank was FUN, and well worth it!"," this bank was a wonderful work environment, and the compensation was adequate. Management was always professional and courteous. Work life balance at this bank blew any other previous employer out of the water.","Outreach senior sales consultant","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 15, 2018","5.0"
"productive fast paced envuronment","learned regulations and guidelines used in home equity lending. I do not wish to provide any additional information about this job. Please contact me directly for any additional information.","Home Equity Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 14, 2018","5.0"
"Senior Business Banking Specialist","I do not want to give a review of this company due to personal circumstances that occurred while I was employed there. It was an environment of helping certain individuals achieve their goals while neglecting others.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Uniontown, PA","March 14, 2018","1.0"
"Specialist I","Great company to work for amazing coworkers and management. this bank has great benefits and growth for opportunities. If you have a chance to apply go ahead you will not regret it!!","SPECIALIST I","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","March 14, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to develop career","Good place to learn about financial reporting. The work environment is relaxed and management does encourage work/life balance. Manager was very understanding if I had to take off time from work for family commitments.","Accounting Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2018","4.0"
"Productive place","I found each day to have its up and downs but was able to work it through working as a team. This is a great place to work for. Coworkers are almost like family. If you ever need help, everyone was more than happy to assist you.","Performance Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 13, 2018","5.0"
"The Job is hit or miss...","This job was a great teacher. You are paid well, but you are required to endure verbal abuse from the clients. There is lack of management assistance you are taught to own all mistakes. Basically you are the manage without the pay and perks. You are treated in a manner that has you on your toes, you are replaceable. Its preform well or be fired. Very number driven. Your daily scores are displaying all over the work center for other consultants and managers to see.","Online Tech Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 13, 2018","3.0"
"terrible work environment","long story short, the company wants the workers to make gold from straw. they find reasons to talk down to the employee and refuse to listen when they make a bad decision.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 13, 2018","1.0"
"Poor management"," this bank states the strive on work/ life balance. However this wasn't the case when the branch manager forged my name on documents stamped by his medallion stamp. They constantly put u down and want more and more out of you. Nothing is ever enough. Would never recommend this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Barbourville, KY","March 12, 2018","1.0"
"structured work environment","Schedules are completed weekly...daily work schedules once clocked in is structured per the needs of walk in customers as well as appointments set by staff","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Florence, KY","March 12, 2018","3.0"
"Decent company.","Nice work environment and decent co-workers. Can be stressful when it gets busy so must be patient and expect upset customers. Good benefits and perks.","Branch Sales Service Representative","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 12, 2018","4.0"
"Cut Throat","If you don't pull sales in with magic, you're not cared for. Training program was terrible, unorganized, and unproductive. The management team ran around like a chicken with it's head cut off.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","NC","March 12, 2018","2.0"
"Looking for something else","Its ok if you are just starting out but wouldnt make it a career they don't seem to care about you as an employee or a person.I do look forward to seeing my coworkers w out them i would have already bean gone from this company.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville ky","March 11, 2018","2.0"
"Great people","Loved having the same people come in everyday and building that relation with them, having a strong relationship with the customer helps you to do your job better.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","March 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work, if you are people oriented","* The banking industry has changed so much over the past 20 years. * I've learned that money doesn't make a person and everyone has a story.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Hanover, PA 17331","March 11, 2018","4.0"
"Fast pace work environment","Fast paced environment, every day is a challenge, 10 hours of mandatory days. Job is easy but fully details, I have knowledge on working on mailroom,scanning,opex150,opening mail and a little of data entry,encoding","Operation Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","March 11, 2018","3.0"
"The First Job I Ever Really Loved","I had always heard that if you loved your job, work was easy to handle and coming into work in the morning felt invigorating. I never really believed that until I went to my small rural this bank branch, where everyone treated me like family. I was worked hard, but rewarded for my work and treated well. The benefits are great as well. When I worked there, the pay was significantly less than other banks, but I hear that is currently being changed. I loved this bank, and in a year and a half I moved from part time teller, to full time, and eventually Teller Supervisor. I ended up leaving because we received a new branch manager who was very antagonistic and incompetent. Corporate was very unreceptive and dismissive, and after enough abuse I left. However, after working at multiple branches, I still feel like as a whole, this bank is a good environment and company, especially for someone looking to get into banking or office work.","Acting Supervisor","Former Employee","Sykesville, MD 21784","March 11, 2018","4.0"
"Pressure Cooker","Management only cared about making their superiors happy. We employees got more work and they laid off people to cut costs. We were always short on paper clips and pens, but this bank could afford the PR to name a baseball stadium after them.","Senior Accountant - Supervisor - Internal","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 10, 2018","1.0"
"n/a","-typical day at work was stressful. -learned a few things about accounts. -management - a lot of room for improvement - my immediate sup was ok. -work culture stressful. -hard part of the job was lack of assistance. -most enjoyable i worked from home . -they set you up for failure . -unrealistic monthly goal requirements","Customer Service","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","March 10, 2018","1.0"
"Exceeds Expectations","Overall this bank is a great place to work. this bank offers great benefits. I would recommend anyone looking for a long term career to work at this bank. The most enjoyable part of my job is assisting customers in meeting their needs.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Warren, OH","March 9, 2018","5.0"
"Great and filled with friendly competition"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. I had a wonderful supervisor and branch manager. As long as you meet your quotas, you'll have no issues succeeding. It was one of my favorite places to work.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Howell, MI","March 9, 2018","5.0"
"Our current day.","Great Company to work for. The environment is pleasant and innovative. A typical work day involves several power meetings to organize the work day. Then we accomplish what we need to do.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 9, 2018","5.0"
"Depending on role could be a decent place towork","I really can't give an overall review of this organization. So much is dependent on what line of business you are working in , and more importantly the person who is your direct supervisor will have an immediate impact on your ability to advance.","Vice President","Current Employee","Michigan","March 9, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great company during this time the mortgage industry was going through huge changes and it became very difficult to service the clients I worked with.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Ashland, Ohio","March 8, 2018","4.0"
"Productive & fun workplace"," this bank has always provided me with a good challenge. I like to keep busy and I like to know that I am doing good work on behalf of customers. I have been employed with this bank for almost 7 years and have enjoyed every moment. I have also enjoyed learning new things. I am currently looking for new employment due to life style changes at home & sadly the hours that I am currently looking to work I can not work at the branch. I love my coworkers and my customers, I would recommend others to apply/work at this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Waterford, MI","March 8, 2018","5.0"
"Terrible Management","The job isn't that bad there's just a lot to know and learn but I feel my experience at this bank has been tainted because of a poor manager. It can definitely be a high stress job due to the many things that you must look out for and the people you encounter. However, the pace, stress level, and atmosphere of the branch depends on the location. I've worked at a branch where they see a hand full of customers for the entire 8 hours and I've worked in a branch, such as mine, that can be very busy and almost everyone has a problem. You are expected to provide a very high level of service to customers and you must show up at 110% to work everyday. A good experience to have and a great resume builder but not for everyone.","Teller","Current Employee","Ravenna, OH","March 7, 2018","3.0"
"Fast paced organization","Project was beyond deadline prior to start date, thus making the entire project stressful. Project Business PMO was not organized for this particular project in a fashion that would lend assistance to a Consultant coming in to 'save the day'.","Consultant","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2018","4.0"
"Great co-workers, very unorganized","Co-workers at this bank are a lot of fun to work with, however the management and organization in the call center is terrible. I have had 3 different team leads (supervisor) within 2 months time. People cannot keep the job, and the culture at this bank is toxic. Everyone is really stressed out, team leaders are incredibly demanding and sporadic. You will deal with a lot of difficult and angry customers. About 20% of your call load are customers that are willing to yell to get what they want, and you cannot help them as much as other banks. this bank has a lot of restrictions and policies, hardly any leniency in the call center position. Pay is decent, however advancement is very limited for the amount of employees they have. You have to be a superstar to go anywhere. Pack a lunch, because there lunch bars are incredibly expensive and close 2 hours into your shift if you work 2nd shift.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","March 7, 2018","2.0"
"productive and fun work place","A typical day at this bankBank was usually busy but fun at the same time. I enjoyed my co workers, management and the customers. I learned that if you want to move ahead in life you have to work for it. The hardest part of this bank was trying to sell products at the teller windows. It was possible but time limits you. Other customers wanted to do their banking and leave. I enjoyed it because we would always have snacks and goodies at our windows.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2018","4.0"
"Its a job","Sales sales sales or how this bank puts it solutions to our customers financial needs. Be ready to have responses when customers say no and when they say no a second time be ready to overcome that no too. Management plays favorites and also does not lead by example. This job will pay your bills. If your personality is not liked you will be sure to know","Teller","Former Employee","Michigan","March 7, 2018","1.0"
"Overwhelminglu stressful","No support/training from management. Unwillingness to hear opinions or implement change. Unfair and unobtainable expectations. Responsible for multiple department's work and no compensation","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 7, 2018","3.0"
"N/a","I Don't have an opinion of company. I do believe that they could improve on the salary as to the amount of work expected of us daily. I don't have any other complaints","Service and Sales Financial Banker","Current Employee","Temple Hills, MD","March 7, 2018","3.0"
"trading spec","Busy in trading group. Great place to work . Have been here 10 years and they are good to their employees. My team is a good group of people who work very hard.","SENIOR OPERATIONS ANALYST","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2018","5.0"
"Overall Great Company"," this bank is a Great company for Job Seekers who have experience in Banking and Technology would be a great asset to this bank. This company feels fairly new and does not have solid processes as of yet. This is ideal with candidates with Senior Experience","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2018","5.0"
"I enjoy being a Financial Advisor","My days consisted of working closely with my bank partners. One on one coaching around how to recognize an opportunity for a bank client to meet with me for a consultation. Management was very hands on and supportive and wanted the advisors to be successful. The hardest part of the job was to keep my bank partners focused and motivated. Once I received a qualified referral, I truly enjoyed understanding and learning about the client's financial circumstances and needs. I looked forward to educating clients about different investment products and why what I proposed made the most sense based on their individual financial position..","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Montvale, NJ","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Could be better","Work life balance is completely off, salary should be higher as well. If you don't want to sell don't do it to yourself, you will get coached until the day you quit.","Universal Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","March 6, 2018","5.0"
"Bad culture","The culture took a dramatic shift to a sales first organization with little concern for employees or customers. I understand sales are what keep the doors open but should not come a the expense of the employees or clients","Manager","Former Employee","Cincinatti, OH","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Not a bad entry job","not a bad place to start, great training is provided but the pay is super minimal and raises are far and few in between. depending on your region, there is great involvement from the higher-ups.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Grandville, MI","March 6, 2018","4.0"
"educational place to work","I managed a branch of 8 employees. my goals were set high, I found this job to be rewarding if you made your goals. in which I did every month. The bonus are very rewarding also.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 6, 2018","5.0"
"Was good when I started","Then there were constant management changes and reorgs which caused an atmosphere of fear and confusion. I was in technology and worked a lot with other areas and some were good, but a lot were like mine.","Senior Technology Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2018","2.0"
"They have some work to do in some markets.","- Continuous flow of clients made it easy to obtain revenue. - Stressful interactions in the lobby because large influx of clients. - Employees worked in a very individualistic manner. - I learned that the hardest part about a job is not the task at hand. It can be the people that you work with. - The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing how many lives I was able to change for the positive. I don't mind giving financial help/advice to anyone who is in need. - No employee culture. Individualistic. - Leadership eluded all confrontation, problems not solved.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Florida","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Training is a self study nightmare","Peers are friendly, management is open to conversations with employees. I started at this bank and the training program is ineffective. Four different facilitators in four weeks, no consistency in work materials and 'the new training system is coming' which doesn't benefit those in a broken training environment. There is very little practical training on how to use systems and process banking requests. Overall it would be just an average 3/5 because they do offer competitive salaries and some pretty decent benefits, but the frustration at dealing with poor training cannot be ignored. There are some questionable wage and hour practices as well, requiring employees to be present and logged in and 'caught up' on system process and procedures while not on paid time.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Columbus OH","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work","Take payments from Borrowers and apply to accounts. Send out letters to Borrower for documents needed. Called attorney to see if borrower can be put on payment plan and up date attorney on account. Talked to borrowers to give up date on loan and answer any questions they might have.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 5, 2018","4.0"
"Very friendly work enviornment"," this bank is an amazing company that looks out for their employees. They make sure that we have the right equipment for our jobs and are always looking for feedback from employees to further improve the company as a whole. The work days can be fast paced based on the clientele for that particular business day. I've learned a lot from this position that I know I can utilize at other jobs as well. The hardest part of the job is trying to work fast but accurate. My coworkers would have to be the best part of the job. We are all like a family.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","March 5, 2018","5.0"
"it was really nice","i had a great time working for this company. i learned a lot of new things and great work environment. Overall I would recommend this job to anyone because of the room for growth","Business Solutions Analyst","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 5, 2018","4.0"
"As exciting as a bank can be","Dailly interaction with customers, driving sales and understanding products. Very good management process in a very conservative environment. While at times pushing products stressed the working environment, facilitating people with their financial needs provided a satisfying workplace.","Marketing Representative","Former Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","March 5, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company to Work For","The company itself is great. I do not have a negative thing to say about the comapny, or my original management team. My department was split up and I was one of the unfortunate ones to get a green horn manager. There was little to no direction given to her, she made it next to impossible to do our jobs, she got rid of a lot of people to bring passed employees from her old place of employment in, she cause 4 long term employees to either quit or get fired. bottom line.... We as employees were not protected from the new management style and were told to shape to her standard (which was very low) or ship out.","Quality Assurance Associate","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","March 4, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent work/life balance","Great place to work.Great co-workers and management team. Excellent benefit package. Many bank branches thruout thecounty. Average career advancement.","Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","Patrick Afb, FL","March 4, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed it","I got out of my comfort zone of the restaurant business and enjoyed the challenge of banking hospitality. It helped really refine my conflict resolution skills.","Business Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 3, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work."," this bank is a good company with great benefits and offers a very good work life balance. Great company for a person with a family as there are many options availale to assist.","Chief Financial Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2018","5.0"
"They practically through money, but very stressful and not for weak of heart","Its a great job to start out with and they allow you to branch out after 6 months of being a standard consultant job, but it just so hard to get through the day sometimes and keep to their expectations with low call times everyday or good quality","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 2, 2018","4.0"
" this bank Experience","Company overall is good but do not pay competitively. My last manager was the worst I have ever had in my life. Unorganized, unprofessional and in experienced.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Wayne, NJ","March 2, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to learn - hard to advance","While this is a great job to learn different skills I feel as if too many different tasks were given, and there was not enough training on individual products. The phrase 'Jack of all trades, master of none' is well suited for this position. Having a specific area of expertise would be more beneficial for achieving success and meeting goals. A bit too much being pulled in different directions and not given ample time to fully succeed at sales","Universal Banker - Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","March 2, 2018","4.0"
"Okay Place to Work","The folks have been good for the most part, but I'm just looking to change roles. this bank as a whole has treated me okay. The whole things is right down the center of the line. Nothing special.","Sr","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 2, 2018","3.0"
"Good Place","Could have been better but good place to work my experience wasn't at all the best but the people who work there are great the environment is great and it is a good job that pays decently but not enough for the amount of work you actually do.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","March 1, 2018","4.0"
"Upbeat Call Center","I've never done retail banking prior to joining this bank, but I've learned a lot in regards to the products and the the demographics of the customer who use the products.","Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 1, 2018","4.0"
"Avoid at all cost!","Working for this bank feelt like a punishment. They expect a lot for very little pay. Branches are run on fumes and they expected you to deliver great service and sell. Management was ineffective beyond words, too busy creating endless action plans...The rot definitely set in from the top. People were fleeing in droves. The new recruits had zero bank experience and nobody had time to train them so loads of errors and bad scores which torpedoed any bonuses. All around bad. The culture is toxic.","Teller","Former Employee","New Orleans, LA","February 28, 2018","1.0"
"Customer Service Savvy","Providing account services to customers by receiving deposits and loan payments, cashing checks, issuing savings withdrawals, recording night deposits, selling cashiers check/money orders, answering questions related to financial well being and other bank services.","Teller","Current Employee","Redford, MI","February 28, 2018","4.0"
"Look somewhere else","Company was good until they acquired bank N. Everything went downhill after that. The PCG group definitely went downhill along with the payout amounts.","AVP Private Client Group","Former Employee","NJ","February 28, 2018","3.0"
"Enjoyable place to work and learn at","I enjoy working for this bank, I have been here for over 2 year and I plan on keep it going. I transfer to a new position which is Project administrator and I really enjoy on what I do.","Technology Department","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","5.0"
"Productive but non-flexible environment.","The work/life balance was an issue. Work schedule and remote was not flexible. Co-Workers were great. We had a collaborative and challenging work place.","NWS Consultant Server Technology","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","5.0"
"your just a number to them","Don't expect to make a career out of your position. They will tell you what the average is for your position but it will take you 4-5 years just to hit that average","Pittsburgh","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is good if you're passionate about it."," this bank is a very conservative and fair company to work for. I very much enjoyed the interactions I had with my other coworkers and the clientele, on most days. My favorite thing was showing people how to use the alternate forms of banking such as the mobile app or the ATM's. My biggest dislike of the job was how much pressure is put on the employees, even the tellers, to push products and services on the clients. We had sales goals to meet and we HAD to be asking the clients about credit cards, lines of credit, account upgrades and more, even if we see this client multiple times a week.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Rockaway, NJ","February 27, 2018","3.0"
"Corporate culture, but a good one","Job duties and your day to day will differ depending on your department and role in the company. Compensation is fair, with available bonuses for high performance values present to help with additional compensation. Training is comprehensive in most areas and aspects, with a great company culture. Well structured breaks and excellent benefits. Great opportunities for advancement if you have the skills and mindset for customer service and are open to coaching opportunities. Flexible scheduling options, and consistent support on the job is available if needed.","Corporate Manager in Retail Escalations","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 27, 2018","5.0"
"productive and fun","In the U.S., this bank is the fifth largest bank by number of branch offices, sixth largest by deposits, eighth largest by total assets,[2][3] and fourth largest in number of ATMs.","Full Stack Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 27, 2018","5.0"
"Good Corporate Workplace","Solid workplace environment with good work life balance. Managers genuinely cared about employee career development. Not as quick to change as some companies, but a solid place to work.","Assistant Vice President - Sourcing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 27, 2018","4.0"
"Great Schedule","The schedule and location are great. Management tries to engage employees. The work is interesting and benfits are good for part-timers. Enjoyable envrionment","Investigations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2018","4.0"
"producctive place with a lot of politics","a typical day requires you to do a specific job function while helping others complete theres. must be done in a timely manor. management doesn't give new hires the time they need for training and just hope that you will catch on quickly. everything changes almost everyday referring to policy's and procedures. most of the people are nice and occasionally they feed you lunch the pay is ok and there is room for growth only if someone retires or leave.","contractor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 26, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work and full of advancement"," this bank is a great place to work. If you love numbers and dealing with the public in a customer service atmosphere you will love this job. this bank also offers government holidays paid off.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","North Carolina","February 26, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company"," this bank had a small credit card portfolio that they managed and tried to grow without success, so they sold it to MBNA in an attempt to make a profit.","Credit Analyst II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 25, 2018","3.0"
"Work environment","Opening for bank tellers consisted of safety check with another member of staff. Opening and signing on. Depositing over night drops to business accounts. Daily activity of customers transactions. Helping clients with maintaining their accounts. The hardest part of the job is accuracy. I loved the daily interaction with the clients.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Grandview, OH","February 25, 2018","4.0"
"Wonderful Work Place","One of the best places to work for, great pay and workplace culture is very positive and relaxed. If you enjoy assisting customers then this job is for you.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Portage, MI","February 25, 2018","4.0"
"not the best work place","They sell you a good dream but as time goes on you start you feel like you were told a few lies. Management is the biggest problem they all need management classes.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 25, 2018","1.0"
"Great Place to work.","Company had grown fast in small amount of time. Excellent management, great place to work. Company was in process of being bought out by Washington Mutual Financial","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","February 25, 2018","5.0"
"Agressive sales culture","Started to copy Wells Fargo in aggressiveness of sales and increasing goals. Stressful environment and long work hours. Enjoyable working experience at local lever and learned a lot from my time there.","Senior Branch Manager","Current Employee","Fairfax, VA","February 23, 2018","1.0"
"My time at this bank","I learned a lot in my time at this bank for that I will forever be grateful. I rose in the ranks quickly through hard work and dedication. I would definitely return if it was possible. My co workers were the best ever.","Operations Production Support Specialist - ATM","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 23, 2018","4.0"
"Part time","Training was concise and helpful. Felt prepared to do the job from day one. Welcoming staff that were always there to assist. Able to balance home and work when my child was younger.","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","February 23, 2018","4.0"
"I can not say anything negative about this bank as an employer. I thrived there for 17 years.","A typical work day was arriving at the office and executing the appointments planned for my day. I got to interact with great people, fellow employees, existing customers, and had the opportunity to develop great new relationships. Everyday was a new experience that I truly valued. I worked with great partners that helped to support when tasks were outside of my realm of capability. I worked closely with mortgage representatives, financial advisors, merchant service representatives, branch managers, and had very good reliable interactions with them all. I was also able to utilize relationships with business owners in the area of which I developed strong relationships. I had a great rapport with CPA's, Doctor's, Realtors, and other local small business owners.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","February 22, 2018","5.0"
"I did a review.","I do not wish to give such review. I have no opinion. What I learned is that its all about producing as much as you can as fast as you can. No question about integrity and credit quality and the final decision. If you rejected to high of a percentage of applications or requested proof of income too much you would never be able to reach your mandated quantity requirements. It take almost as long to reject an applications as it does to approve one and complete the process. But all management looks at is final results.","Consumer Loan Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 22, 2018","2.0"
"a great place to work"," this bank was a great company to work for, i did not personally enjoy the work that i did, but everyone was great . if call center work is your jb i would go for it","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 22, 2018","4.0"
"It was a good place to work","a 830 to 530 . 40 hr week. Great Benefits. management played favorites. Great hours. Loved my customers. learned a lot about banking. hardest thing was to slow down. had one half day every other week","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","February 22, 2018","4.0"
"Awesome customers","Horrible experience with management...new staff now though. Made many, many friends at this company. I would work here again and recommend knowing staff has changed.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","February 21, 2018","3.0"
" this bank","The was a great part time job with no stress and I was able to work on my own with the support form the team as a whole. I left the job but was able to return with no problems and received open arm from the staff based on my past experience with the company.","Check Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 21, 2018","5.0"
"good place for banking and investments","A very structured culture and opportunities are unlimited. Some of the bureaucracy can lead to slower turn times on loans. Very complicated processing and underwriting system. Which is shifting to a more streamlined approach. Hopefully for the better.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","February 21, 2018","4.0"
"relaxed and productive work enviornment","on a day to day, I learned many banking terms, how to perform different transactions as well enhance my service skills. I work closely with upper management, which helped me produce at a high level.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","February 21, 2018","2.0"
"A nice place to work"," this bank is a well run and focused environment. The professionals here are generally life long bankers with solid foundations. The bank is positioning itself to be a long term leader in the banking space","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 21, 2018","4.0"
"Banks","All the banks are very clean, and the people are very nice. The property is very well maintained. Always something to see on the inside of the banks. Good place to place your money.","Quality Control Manager","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","February 20, 2018","5.0"
"n/a","It is a good place to work and the culture is also good. The new healthcare plan they put us in is my main complaint they are now under a high deductible plan.","Service Specialist Implementation Services","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 20, 2018","3.0"
"Horrible Pay, No Reward for Stellar Performance","Horrible, deflating workplace. Lowest pay in the business. Deductible is $3000/yr per insured person. Bosses work from home and don't want to be bothered when they're required to be in the office. They flat out tell you you can't earn more than a 1% raise despite strong evaluations unless you work in sales or management. Good people work hard then get disgusted and leave. High turnover rate. Too concerned with seeing their logo on stadiums, buses, even trash cans than to pay a liveable wage. They will use you UP.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2018","1.0"
"fun","I found it productive and inspiring and encouraging. The workforce was positive and management worked well with employees. The most enjoyable part of the job was in ministry to others, and their families.","Software Test Engineer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 19, 2018","5.0"
"Good people and conservative company"," this bank financial services is a great company to work for to start a career in banking or as a manager looking to advance. If you have a passion for banking you will do well. Many of the people I worked with were pleasant and fun to build relationships with. I would recommend this bank to a friend.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 19, 2018","4.0"
"Relaxed Agile Environment","One of the Best experience i had in this bank working as a BA in Agile environment. work under experience talented Scrums, PO, Devs and Stakeholders or Business users.","Senior Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2018","5.0"
"Great Job","Working with this bank was a delight. I enjoyed my peers as well as working with the public. Overall it was a nice experience with the company. I was able to gain a pay raise within a year and relocating and transferring to different positions was acceptable.","Consumer Associate Support","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 18, 2018","4.0"
"They really care about their employees","You have benefits almost immediately , the pay is awesome . The health insurance is the best I've had . Management genuinely cares about their employees.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 18, 2018","4.0"
"Workplace Culture","Promotes Inclusion and Diversity. I believe that this bank works hard to be the leader in the industry and wants their employees to thrive in the workplace.","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 18, 2018","4.0"
"I was only with this bank for a short time, they bought out bank N Bank","I was only with this bank for a short time as I was laid off after they bought out bank N Bank. bank N was a wonderful company to work for and I miss the company greatly","AVP","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 17, 2018","4.0"
"Fast-paced environment with room for growth","Though short-lived, I enjoyed my time at this bank. While it is a fast-paced environment full of multi-tasking, my role was well-supported by management. Adequate training was provided.","AVP","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2018","4.0"
"I love working for this bank","there very friendly and really interested in you career goals. Since the first day I started I made my goals known to my manager and she did her utmost to make sure I reached them.","Branch Service Sales Associate","Current Employee","Avon, IN","February 15, 2018","5.0"
"Fast pace but friendly environment","Very family oriented with a true appreciation of the employees. I was seriously injured shortly while still in training. They showed great support to my family while I was away and allowed me to keep my job. One of my biggest career mistakes was leaving this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 14, 2018","5.0"
"Sales","Sell sell sell. High expectations of selling accounts per month. Long hours. They do good trainings for the position. Pay is good with incentives. Off holidays","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","February 14, 2018","3.0"
"Not a great place"," this bank's culture has changed significantly. Very sales-oriented, no room for growth and I don't feel they do what is best for the customer. The company is a game of politics.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Princeton, NJ","February 14, 2018","3.0"
"could be guided better","becoming like other banks looking for widgets but using different language so they are not out of compliance or compared to other banks. expectations are too high","Business banking Center Manager","Current Employee","West Grove, NJ","February 13, 2018","3.0"
"Love the job","Great place to work. Great Pay, Benefits. I was new to banking and in a year i got 3 raises 1 promotion and one heck of a bonus when we won the chairman award","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"teller and customer service rep","Teller for several years doing deposits and counting money. I also was a customer service and did loans for customers. Worked full time and loved my job.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"If You Don't Mind Lying This Is the Place for You","If you don't mind lying to people on a constant basis and don't mind working the system to your advantage then this is the place for you. A lot of shady policies and loopholes that lead to no accountability. Lack of structure and high management turn over that left you with a lack of leadership.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","New Jersey","February 12, 2018","1.0"
"Great position","This research position was great for me. An amazing opportunity to learn about real application of economic principles outside of the classroom. Raw data collection in particular was a plus.","Bank Foundation Research Fellow","Former Employee","Bloomington, IL","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"Financial Services Team Manager","The job entailed recruiting, coaching and managing licensed specialists housed in bank branches across 4 region territory. Focus was on individual investment sales under $100k and referrals to this bank investments and this bank wealth management for larger transactions from branch customer base. Heavy telemarketing work to obtain client appointments. FS were sales leaders in branch and coached team to secure referrals. Employees also had to meet retail branch goals for opening new accounts and obtaining loans and credit card accounts.","VP","Former Employee","Troy, MI","February 12, 2018","4.0"
"Big intentions, small reality"," this bank Investment Center is OK for those new to Financial Adviser role, selling volumes of clients and products by phone. Due to high staff turnover, promotion comes quickly to performers. But weak referrals and channel conflict with branch advisers & bankers make tough odds for long term success.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 12, 2018","2.0"
"Manager","Worked in the Trust Department and enjoyed working with my fellow co-workers and work was challenging and fast paced. I enjoyed this. Great company to work for","Word Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2018","4.0"
"good","working for this bank was great the money was great and the people but with dealing with such important info its very easy to get ahead of yourself and mess up so you have to take your time","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"I love my work place and my work family.","Love my position looking for full time position. Currently working part-time. Working part-time does not provide for my family. My employer currently does not have a full-time position available.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Orrville, OH 44667","February 11, 2018","5.0"
"Decent Company to work for","Culture shifted once ownership shifted from bank N Bank to this bank. The bank N Bank culture was family oriented and allowed for professional and personal growth within the company.","Customer Service Sales Associate","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","February 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Company to Work For","Great hours with a strong culture for promoting within. Strong values with great management that believe in the values they promote. I would highly recommend this company","Various Positions","Former Employee","Wildwood, MO","February 11, 2018","4.0"
" this bank still remains a good place establish roots in","I enjoyed working with most of my colleagues (within my team and across other groups) while I was at this bank. The Midwestern and Western Pennsylvania culture makes it more homey than other places I have been at. It also seemed to me that you have a better chance to shine if you are diligent and capable person. It could open up opportunities to grow.","Customer Experience Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 10, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","a Typical day at work was busy. Because I did all the auditing I loved meeting new people as they came in. I learned more about my management skills.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 9, 2018","4.0"
"Not encouraging","No advancement opportunities, no management at all, just employees left to man the bank, high-sales pressure. Not enough staff to help out. Computer program used to search up answers to questions is horrible and inefficient.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","February 9, 2018","2.0"
"Current Employee","I like where I work, just wish the pay was better. I would like more details as it relates to training its almost not available at this bank. Its needs to be","Compliance Testing Analyst II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 9, 2018","4.0"
"The best","Great benefits, work-life balance, team building events, and just a great place to be long term. (including childcare when you need it temporarily or in home care) -very flexible company. I worked in the audit department.","INTERNAL AUDITOR SENIOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 8, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work","At this bank, the sixth-largest bank in the country by assets, customers can earn a $50 sign-up bonus with a checking, savings and money market comboca","SDET","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to learn and grow","Meet a lot of new people and had many different positions there. I have seen a lot of changes also. To make and maintain the company compliance wirh state and federal government","Document Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Structure","Very compliance oriented, however the advancement opportunities are non-existent. I want to be in management and want to have a home where I may be able to share my experiences and success with my team.","Loan Officer Ellicott City","Current Employee","Ellicott City, MD","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company","I love the company, I am just struggling to get an advancement in my career or even an interview despite my qualifications. I will say that some of my coworkers have had fewer issues. Overall I don't want to be retail anymore and recruiters are not working with me internally. My managers (past and present) are doing their best to help me succeed.","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Poor Management","Job environment was good at first. Management is ridiculous and unorganized. Staff is amazing and good people, they deserve better management and more money for what they do.","CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPPORT III SR","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 7, 2018","1.0"
"Productive and enjoyable culture","This was the least stressful job i have had in underwriting many years. Great culture and work environment to work. They truly practiced the work and life culture","AVP","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 7, 2018","4.0"
"Isolated review","I think my review may be biased due to the management I worked under during my time at this bank. Unfortunately that manager was rude, unethical and quite literally verbally abusive to their staff. The team I worked with was excellent though - very hard working, friendly, supportive of one another. Pay was mediocre, and the bonus program was pretty much a joke. Benefits were good though, and there were lots of opportunities to advance if you were able to stick things out.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","February 7, 2018","3.0"
"24/7 culture. You are always on call.","Typical day begins at 7:30am answering e-mails from previous evening and early morning. Workplace culture morphed into a 24/7 need to be available. That was the hardest part of the job. The most enjoyable part was the meeting, hiring, & assisting them in their jobs.","Senior Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","February 7, 2018","4.0"
"Lack of Management","There is not a good system of management. Most of the managers expect you to read their minds and their is no clear instructions given. Makes for a very difficult place to work. Also, fo the amount of traffic in the branches, sales goals are unreasonable for bonuses.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","O'Fallon, IL","February 7, 2018","1.0"
"Review","Typical day involved processing home loan documents - I learned procurement - the management was poor - got to personal with employees, there was nothing hard about this job.","Document Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 7, 2018","4.0"
"Fast pace environment","I was required to produce extensive reports as well as assist annually with United Way. Overall this was a fair place of employment but required a lot of duties that required me to engage in banking of which I had no interest in.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Washington, DC 20006","February 7, 2018","3.0"
"It is a great company. Great experience of banking services.","• Coached new hired employees. • Coached and prepared employees for the bank semi-annual audit. • Coached and engaged branch team members to refer products to clients. • Provided profit and loss management ideas.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","February 6, 2018","5.0"
"great place to work","I really enjoyed my time at this bank. It was a good environment to work, Management was great, pay was ok. I come from a back ground of credit, at this bank I learned a lot about the retail side. The hardest part of the job was explaining fees and the repetition of the calls.","Advisor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Work Day at this bank - Collaborative & Competitive","A day at this bank starts early at 7. My project is a data migration project that is at quite a demanding phase. The management is quite helpful and at the same time are completely aware of what they are doing. Its a collaborative & competitive work culture where you learn and share your experiences. Working with bigger teams can be equally painful as it can be fun. Fortunately the team here is fun and all hard to reach milestones seems easier with a work culture like this.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great Teamwork"," this bank seems to go through frequent changes, but because of good management, and an overall good team, working for this bank was great. this bank seems to be a little dated compared to other banks, and I believe it were a bit more advanced, the company and the employees will benefit greatly.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Temple Terrace, FL","February 6, 2018","3.0"
"great place to work for steady low pay","I worked for this bank lockbox as an operations specialist for nearly ten years. I enjoyed my job overall, and was happy with my work. The issues that I encountered were the increasing amount of work without any increased pay also my manager hovered and watched every move that I made along with others. I get that, that was a part of his job, but most adults do not like to be micro managed. For example, my bathroom time down to the seconds was clocked. It is a high paced production environment, but certain things like relieving your bladder should not be managed. Also so much negative emphasis would be placed on one error rather than the 1000+ correct things you've already entered. I learned a lot and I respect that job for my growth; with that being said, I am so glad that I left. My pay has increased, I am no longer being micromanaged, and I meet all of my deadlines on time with no issues. Also If I happen to make a mistake, my supervisor talks to me with respect to remedy any concerns. I no longer feel like my livelihood is threatened with each error.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","February 6, 2018","3.0"
"It's a good place to work (in operations)","I've had the opportunity to learn a lot and advance my career within operations. My manager cares about me as a person and promotes my professional development. I moved to a larger city in my same role so pay is not where I'd want it to be.","Business Analyst II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Good company","It was a good company to work for, it was very difficult to get loans to close in a timely manner. I was able to support branches to help customers with their mortgage needs and interact with the branch employees.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","West Dundee, IL","February 6, 2018","3.0"
"Great","I love working at this bank it was great place to work I enjoyed my time there management was amazin and i would have stayed had it been eady to advance with in the company","I","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Most relaxed banking institution","No support from regional management. Relax company to work for. When you have management they can be supportive. Sales goes are relaxed compared to competitive companies.","Acting Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 5, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work, good job community","A typical day was fun but challenging. I was able to do multiple projects while relying on my team to help us move forward as a branch and company. The sales aspect of the job pushed me to work harder to receive bigger bonuses at the end of the quarter. My manager was invested in my growth with the company along with making sure we left work at the office and not at home.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","North Canton, OH","February 5, 2018","5.0"
"n/a","Great Place to work , management is great with developing employee skills and give great opportunities for advancement.nothing bad to say about this company.","Quality Review Analyst 1","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 5, 2018","5.0"
"Busy place with many concurrent priorities","A good place to work - can be very stressful depending on management styles and preferences. Some long time stars on staff were a joy to work with on projects.","Learning Project Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 5, 2018","4.0"
"The good the bad and the ugly"," this bank is excellent for diversity, and the computer systems are very advanced. But it may not be easy to change your initial role, so start changing your role as soon as you can. If you can help it, do not take stretch goals, which may hurt your career if you have any implementation issues. Other than that, people are nice and it's an easy place to be with your coworkers. It's also a great place to get experience.","EDM","Current Employee","North Carolina","February 5, 2018","3.0"
"Stressful place to work. High paced with deadlines due every day.","Challenging position with stringent deadlines due on a daily basis. Overtime required and new assignments were given without the luxury of being properly trained.","Legal Secretary to the Chief Market Counsel","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","February 5, 2018","4.0"
"TERRIBLE Place of Employment","this was a horrible place to work. No one trusted anyone and yu are expected to be there even when you are not feeling well. Don't become friends with anyone you work with because you will get stabbed in the back","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","February 4, 2018","1.0"
"Best Bank to work for","Long tenure at this company...Hard work is rewarded. Good, solid management team across the board. Good community recognition and support. Diverse.","Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 4, 2018","4.0"
"Call center","I did not see a likeliness to advance out of the call center, which was my goal, I was told in six month I could apply for jobs outside the call center and when I got to that point I was told it's actually one year and there are many people who had been their longer than me also applying to get out of the call center. I found this very disappointing. I found the micro management of statistics to be very emotionally exhausting even though I had five years of customer service experience before working at this job. I did not mind performing job duties required but I did mind being critiqued in the manner that I was .","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","February 3, 2018","3.0"
"Be a big producer or go somewhere else","Being a brand new Mortgage Loan officer I didn't realize it would take 1.5 year to 2 or more years to create the relationships that would lead to getting enough loans to pay the bills. 1.5 years in and you learn from mistakes, that you should have someone mentoring you through. To be successful here you need to established with outside relationships. Need to bring in over a million a month on your own to make a regular 60K salary. The pay out is based on tiering schedule, so less than that really doesn't help pay your bills. The base pay is non-forgivable, which means you pay it back. So you have to make sure you are closing every month enough to cover the base pay and enough to make a living for yourself. If you have a month without closings, they pay your base salary, but next month they will take it out of your pay. If you make 2000 and owe 500 because of a deficit you get paid 1500.00. You don't need a state license, but if you are licensed you can get better pay working for a banker or broker. Much higher pay.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","New York State","February 3, 2018","3.0"
"good culture but fails at branch level","when you go to train it is an awesome experience for the first 2 weeks but when you get in the branch it derails quickly. my teller supervisor had an attitude would not help with me with questions even though i had never been in this environment before. she was friends with many of our customers on social media and was dating the guy who came to take the shred every week. everyone knew her business and it was embarrassing to say the least. I told the DM but to my knowledge nothing was done.","teller","Former Employee","Lumberton, NC","February 2, 2018","1.0"
"Coworkers were like family, work was stressful","The team I worked with felt like family. Management was understanding and worked with people for scheduling. Over time was always available. Learned on the job and worked with internal business divisions to provide excellent service support for their B2B.","Onboarding Transmissions Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2018","5.0"
"Office environment with cubes or work from home","I love doing what I do. this bank strives to be a leader in the banking industry.I am always busy and time passes quickly. I feel I have job security in my present position. this bank offers a work life balance by permitting employees to work from home.I enjoy being able to work from home several days a week it permits me to spend additional time with my children by eliminating the commute time.","Asset management Application Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2018","4.0"
"N/a","Supervisory/management were non production personnel not in touch with reality. Revenue oriented which flies in the face of a fiduciary responsibility for the client.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Bucks County, PA","February 2, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work","Good company to work for, as long as your not a teller in a retail bank. With the amount of responsibilities you have as a teller, the hourly rate dose not justify the risk.","Teller","Former Employee","London, OH","February 2, 2018","3.0"
"great","Good work environment, good pay, friendly employees, employee discounts, plenty of time off...........................................................","ATM Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 2, 2018","4.0"
"Not wanting to post an opinion","Typical days were long, learned a lot, management changes, this is upsetting to be forced to write about a typical day, what I've learned, management workplace culture","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 1, 2018","2.0"
"Work Elsewhere"," this bank starts your career with a mask on but eventually you come to realize that they are all about the dollar and not the customer nor employee. The even sadder things though is when your manager no longer wants you around they concoct accusations that are so ridiculous just to make sure you are terminated.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Odenton, MD","February 1, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company to work for if it is your first job..","Great Company to work for if it is your first job... Very nice environment to work if you are under 30 and live with your parents... It is a family environment that look at cares about each other..","Service Associate","Current Employee","New York, NY","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"productive and competitive place to work","I have worked in many departments at this bank providing excellent customer service, but the most enjoyable part of the job is to be able to help customer to become financially independent.","Operations Officer","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","January 31, 2018","4.0"
"Very unsympathitic.","Was extreme lack of communication and accountability. Managers were often not around. I worked open to close almost every day for 3 months with no days off. I wore many hats without any managers appreciating my efforts. Very disappointing.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","January 31, 2018","1.0"
"sell sell sell","all about sales, not about customer service, the pressure to sell is very high, and the compensation is not really worth all of the pressure. If there were sellable products it would make life much easier!","Customer Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Upper Gwynedd, PA","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to work","Typically arrive at 8:30 and left by 5:30. Had to work at least 2 Tuesday evenings a month until 7:00 pm. The management is ok. There is a constant pressure to sell.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","January 31, 2018","5.0"
"Upper Management Sucks!","Current regional manager and asst are horrible. Made exceptions for the people they were hanging out with On weekendsFound any reason to fire anybody.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","GA atl south","January 31, 2018","1.0"
"Happy to be gone"," this bank is a large bank that awarded me with many opportunities but I am happy to have switched over. It is highly sales driven and doesn't have much understand for workers with small children","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington City, DC","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"work day","It would be a good thing once you have taken your break or lunches, just to get out of the day to day stress work sometimes brings and you can interact with your fellow emplyess","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"I love working at this bank","It is pretty relaxed and friendly environment to work with this bank. We had an open cube work environment which was difficult at first but then came to know about its uses and benefits. I learned a lot about domain I was working in. I had an amazing manager. Me made the workplace culture relaxed and fun to work in. I really enjoy working with my team mates where everybody is willing to help one another. Credit for this goes to my manager.","Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2018","5.0"
"Distant management","No room for FT highers (if contracted). Remote work is great, in office is not stimulating, very desolate -everyone on the team sits in Pittsburgh (remote office is in Cincinnati).","F5 Network Engineer","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 30, 2018","3.0"
"Train Wreck","Too much off-shore contracting has made their software a nest of vipers, mixed with outdated technologies and a minimal-change = minimal-risk mentality, and this is a death sentence for any programmer with pride in his or her work. I would never recommend working here to any form of IT professional.","Java Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2018","2.0"
"job status","At this bank, you need to make sure you are constantly keeping in contact with external referrals. They will be very important to your overall success. Do not rely on internal business.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","January 30, 2018","3.0"
"Overworked underpaid","Very cut-throat company that did not pay well. The employees were not happy and the management was very poor. Very little room for advancement unless you were female and/or black. Micromanagement was everywhere, and the supervisors and management did not even know very well their departments function(s) they depended too much on the staff to handle all the work and know the answers to questions they should have already known. Nobody worked well together and if they chose to fire a person they just did it on the spot and not try to work out any differences. Just bad all around company to work for. Nothing to offer as an incentive to stay.","Foreign Exchange Trade Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2018","1.0"
"Review"," this bank offers a wide range of services for all customers, from individuals and small businesses, to corporations and government entities. No matter how simple or complicated your needs, this bank is sure to have the products, knowledge and resources necessary for financial success.","Senior Analyst - Market Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2018","2.0"
"I love working for the company.","I absolutely love and enjoy working for the company. The work atmosphere is very laid back. All of my peers are fun to work with. My reporting manager has a positive attitude with all of us and always encourage me to be an exemplary team member.","Operation Associate","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great","Overall a pretty great company to work for! At least my position and the hard worker that I am. Their maternity and parental leave is also 100% great!","ATM Lead","Current Employee","New Castle, PA","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"Fast-paced and stressful.","While I am thankful this bank hired me in after I had been laid-off from my previous 16-year tenure with a local University, I did not realize just how much stress is involved with this position. I understand having carry-over to some extent, but in this job you never catch up to current, you are always behind, and for me that is stressful. It's all about the numbers and production. I consider the benefits to be pretty good, with exception of the sick/occasional leave.","Senior","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 29, 2018","3.0"
"Meets all expectations","I did good and was a meets all expectations in my review. My management team said to work on customer interactions and keep my numbers up! I work hard and love my job.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","I loved working here and enjoyed my team.I would have never left if it weren't for having to relocate to another state.The team building and environment was excellent and the positive attitudes and space for success was unmatched","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"none","I worked for this employer in a number of function, some of them were good, some overly managed. I left the job to pursue other opportunities..........","Investment Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2018","3.0"
"Good Job just not for me","Good job for someone who likes to be inside all of the time.. I quickly learned that I didn't enjoy looking at the same walls all day. Micro management.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Bay Minette, AL","January 28, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work","A good place to work. Salary is becoming more competitive. Enjoyed the company and working for them! Great core values and worked hard to encourage them.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","New York, NY","January 28, 2018","4.0"
"Would not recommend","I loved my job when I started with company but with recent manager changes there is a lot of turnover . It is a stressful environment , long days with limited staff, the sales aren't bad but you are expected to still meet sales goals when your are just trying to get clients daily needs meet in a timely manner. It is a VERY stressful environment.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 26, 2018","2.0"
"Financial services","Balancing commercial and private accounts. Debiting and crediting accounts accordingly. Providing business and personal services to clients to fit their individual needs","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 26, 2018","4.0"
"Summary","A lot of room for development but its hard to advance. Management staff is great but there is not a lot of work life balance with the company. They have a lot of options but it is hard to get time off.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Why cant we fix things","The Help Desk is so worried about customer service, that we cannot fix things. Monthly reviews based on our customer service skills. They don't care if anything gets fixed.","Technical Support Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Stressful.","They care more about making sales calls like telemarketers then their employees. When you work in a branch where you have the same customers all the time it is hard to sell them different products. Or offer them products were they receive perks and then take those perks away. You are told to do things one way by one higher up and then another way by another department. Its conflicting. They want you to be 10 people and pay you for 1. They don't want to hire more employees but blame you for customer wait time, bad surveys, drop in goals etc.","Teller","Former Employee","Hermitage, PA","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Review","VERY poor management! Company was taken over by this bank & too many changes. Lack of communications! Was promised advancement & it never happened. Company made over $4 Billion dollars last year & we all received under a $0.10 cent raise! have fired people that had been there for over 10-15 years & are now bringing in people at a LOWER pay! have people working there that are not working & mangers don't do ANYTHING about it, but, they fire, let go of people whom actually work.. Would NEVER recommend work here!","Account Manager II - Expired Modification","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 26, 2018","2.0"
"Overall a good work environment and inclusive","Production of client pitch books. miscellaneous graphic design. project management. very fast paced. deadlines. diversity. collaboration. people are great","Marketing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2018","4.0"
"Very poor management","The managers at this bank do not know how to manage their people properly. They have favorites that can do no wrong. If they don't like you for any reason they will treat you poorly.","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Good Atmosphere","Peaceful work invironment. Our manager was nice & approachable. Sometimes fast paced but nothing overwhelming. I enjoyed working with & getting to know the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","East Chicago, IN","January 25, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company","I loved working for this bank. it was a great experience and I will recommend anyone to work for there company. They take care of there employees as well as there customers.","Branch Appointment Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 25, 2018","5.0"
"It was okay.","At the branch I worked at, we had busy days and slow days. It felt like I was always out of the loop, though. The girls were each in their own clique. The manager seemed to have favorites, though I know she isn't there anymore.","Teller","Former Employee","Hermitage, PA","January 25, 2018","5.0"
"great team to work with, poor benefits and management","Working here is a good experience in terms of the challenge of the work and the team you work with. However this bank itself is lacking in reasons to keep you as an employee. Their benefits offered are very weak, the salary is nothing special, and overall the competitive landscape puts this bank toward the bottom of major financial institutions,","Research Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 25, 2018","3.0"
"Stressful Work Environment","The last few years were very stressful and the work needed to keep pace with the workload was excessive. Working until 9 or 10 pm in the office and working at home until 3 am was common.","Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 24, 2018","3.0"
"Not Worth It","I'd never recommend any position there. Management is very stressed and they will pass that stress on to you. They wanted to increase employee benefits to encourage people to stay but a lot of people from my branch left for other banks in the short period of time that I was there.","Service and Sales Associate","Former Employee","Voorhees, NJ","January 24, 2018","1.0"
"Stressful, Poor Management, No Room for Advancement","I started at this bank after talking with a recruiter about advancement opportunities. I took a lower entry position knowing that I would be completing my MBA in the near future. The job description is misleading. You are forced to take trainings and back up for other departments which were not included in your job position. No advancement has taken, even though I have over exceeded all company goals in place for my position. I have place many different applications to different positions over the past 2 years with no avail. It should be noted that my department has an extremely high turnover rate.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 24, 2018","3.0"
"Many employees unsatisfied with the company","Many complaints within the company from the top down. Upper management complains about processes, systems, overall strategy of this bank. Managers, Bankers and tellers are mostly unsatisfied with their jobs and salary.","Branch Manager SR","Current Employee","Lancaster PA","January 24, 2018","4.0"
"part-time job","all the time different schedule , schedule only for two weeks , work every other Saturday ,small many, no benefits on part time. Not regular hours.One week 28 hours ,next week 35 hour.","Teller","Former Employee","Skokie, IL","January 23, 2018","2.0"
"We work as a team and enjoy our perks. We strive for more.","My typical day at work is basically providing customer care in a professional caring environment. Every day there is something else that we learn. We share and exchange ideas in our huddles to achieve more positive results in our work load. There is no hardest part in my job as situations and questions occurs it is my duty to learn and achieve in a positive way what the needs are. I grow with each task. By doing this, it provides me with an enjoyable feeling of achieving my goals.","Senior Operations Processing Specialist","Current Employee"," this bank East Wick . Philadelphia, PA","January 23, 2018","5.0"
"The benefits were fine but the work/life balance needed to be improved jpon","The company as a whole is a great place to to work. My department lacked growth potential and was experiencing high turn over. The work load exceeded the staff level.","Fiduciary Trust Officer","Former Employee","Pennsylvania Hollow, PA","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Not all of it","From what I've hear my experience with this bank is strictly based on the department I work in. The lack of organization and communication is astounding. I am excited to see what the rest of this company is like.","Detection and Investigation Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great as Entry Level","Great to get your foot in the door to banking but the salary is lower than competitors. The bonuses are a tad better but they are taxed so heavily that it doesn't feel as worth it.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Good place","Worked here for several years and loved the team I worked with. They are so tight knit as a team. I enjoyed this job very much and had we not moved away, would still likely be there","Customer Associate","Former Employee","Donegal, PA","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"All in a days work","A typical day of work consists of answering phones, originating applications, closing loans and assisting customers with their financial needs as well as their financial goals. The most enjoyable part of my job is helping customers obtain their financial goals, Especially when they did not think they were able to.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Delton, MI","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work overall","I've never worked for a company that gives weekends off so that right off the bat is a positive thing for me. You can't beat bankers hours or all the paid holidays. The benefits and days off are great, I think personally that for what they are asking me to do in my position that they are underpaying for what the job requires, but it's a trade off with all the benefits. A great work life balance is something that I've always wanted in a job and now I have it so that is a great thing.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Ocean City, MD","January 22, 2018","4.0"
"Displaced after 25 years of service, due to down-sizing as we were integrated into a larger group based out of Philadelphia, PA."," this bank is a huge company with grand ideas on employment engagement and work-life balance. Having been employed with a bank that was acquired thru merger into this bank, there was constant struggle in communications and creating synergies among the teams. Micro-managing was a constant issue with my group and leadership was a nightmare with inconsistencies in decision making and collaboration.","Operations Manager II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 22, 2018","2.0"
" this bank","It was a great place to work. Great entry job. the hours were great and the pay was nice. The training was nice. The people were great to work with. Great company.","Customer Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 22, 2018","4.0"
"Not terrible, just not for me","Underpaid and over worked in my situation. People were awesome though and the experience taught me a lesson which you have to be grateful for. Overall, if you like finance, it's a good place to start.","Teller","Former Employee","Eatontown, NJ","January 21, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work, Great team and Great company","Started with this company after college. Like almost everything about it. I work with a great team and have a great manager. Each day is something new, always learning. Lots of opportunity here. See lots of familiar faces each day.","Services Representative","Current Employee","Sellersburg, IN","January 21, 2018","5.0"
"Fun branch to work at","Typical day was waiting on customers and taking loan application opening accounts, Getting loans was the hardest part getting them approved. Worked with tellers to make sure they balanced and to follow all audit procedures. Worked with business partners to obtain new business customers. Workplace culture was good, enjoyed my co-workers and most enjoyable my customers.","Office Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 21, 2018","4.0"
"Overall work is ok"," this bank talks out of both sided of their mouths. On one hand they talk about only doing what is right for the customer and on the other one they talk about meeting goals in specific areas. For example we need more credit cards and this is the focus. Current regional manager is not diplomatic and talks down to employees. Does not care about work life balance. No grace for mistakes or not meeting goals.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","January 20, 2018","1.0"
"bank","Working for the bank was one of the best jobs I have had. The customers and my co workers was great and so helpful to me. THe banking industry is also a great place to work.","Bank teller","Former Employee","Lexington-Fayette, KY","January 19, 2018","5.0"
"Comfortable work enviorment"," this bank BANK is a great place to work and advance your career. The salary is way lower what other banks pay but there are opportunities of advancement in reach for all employees. Comfortable work enviorment and structured very well.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 19, 2018","4.0"
"Think twice..","Almost every weekend I was on-call.NO career advancement within your department. Management could be better. .","System Administrator II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 19, 2018","2.0"
"Good Place to Work","The this bank location in Whitehall is a great place to work. Business Casual attire. People want to work but it's not cutthroat. Management is supportive. Everyone seems to enjoy being here.","IT Migration Ambassador","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 19, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to get your foot in the door of finance","If you're starting off this is a good place, but if you have experience I wouldn't recommend it. Pay wasn't the best, the health benefits are terrible. Unhealthy work environment, but they do give a decent amount of vacation days.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Lincolnwood, IL","January 18, 2018","3.0"
"Summary","I had such high hopes when I started working for this bank. I was told that this bank really cared about their employees and understood that employees had a life outside of work. I always tried to go above and beyond for the company. I was a part-time teller and was working full-time hours for a month because a teller had left. I went out of my way to come in whenever they needed me to. Finally I asked a month in advance for a day I needed off and of course they did not give it to me. Even if you are part-time according to this bank they have to be your main priority. I tried to reapply and give them another shot, but they told me I wasn't a match because I told them the reason why I left this bank is because I needed to attend a really IMPORTANT family event and was told there is no flexibility in this bank. I'm glad I was told that because I don't want to go back to a bank who pretends to care, but only care about themselves. My advice to any part-time tellers is that it's okay to go above and beyond sometimes, but don't do it all the time if your going to be frustrated if they won't return the favor. Other than that I really enjoyed this job. I do still reccomend to people to work here if they have no problem making this job your top priority from friends and family.","Teller","Former Employee","Indiana","January 18, 2018","3.0"
"Would never work at another bank because of this one","Forced sales quotas made this job miserable. I'm not a sales person and the people I spoke with had no desire to hear a sales pitch when they were just trying to do their banking.","Teller","Former Employee","Circleville, OH","January 18, 2018","2.0"
" this bank Finance","Excellent company to work for. Watch out for the manager with the high turn over ratio. Wonderful downtown Pittsburgh location. Very friendly employees. Excellent equipment to work with and systems.","Senior Finance Specialist","Former Employee","Smyrna, GA","January 17, 2018","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work","Great company to work for, only moved on to make more money. They tried to match but at that time they couldn't. Corporate called when I left to let me know that I would always be welcome back.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Florence, KY","January 17, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful work environment","Working as a teller at this bank was one of the most stressful jobs I have ever worked. I worked at one of the busiest branches in the Washington, D.C. area. Management didn't care how the employees felt about certain things and they were always pushing you to produce with no incentive.","Customer service focus","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 17, 2018","3.0"
"na","8 hours a day 8-5 Monday through Friday. 60 day training program with a mentor that includes both online courses and classroom. quiet, slow pace position.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Peoria, IL","January 17, 2018","5.0"
"Try to get into the right branch","Hard to achieve goals when your branch is in a terrible location. I worked in an area that was considered a low to moderate income area and people were constantly rejected due to their credit. Also customers of the branch were on fixed incomes and weren't eligible for mortgages or any loans due to restrictions so it made it hard to achieve compensation.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Uninspiring environment","Had to suffer a period of management right sizing the company at branch level. It didn't take long to figure out that two financial advisors was one too many per branch.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, DE","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Temporary work","This is a stressful work environment and they only offer temporary assignments. Overworked and underpaid is theme at this job. During month end which is the last week of every month, work life balance is near impossible. Room for growth is nonexistent. Take your time and talent elsewhere.","Contract Analyst","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Productive Call Center","Nice benefits, co-workers. I am currently working here. 40 hours per week, incentives. Plenty of days off and floating holidays, Teledoc system is very helpful.","Senior Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed working with coworkers and helping people.","Provided routine service support to customers who initiated contact with the Customer Care Center. This involved questions regarding products, online directions, and their accounts.Communicated directly with customers, as an internal service partner, to effectively resolve issues, questions, and service requests. I learned a lot about working with irate customers. I did well with deescalation of irate customers. The hardest part of my job was not being able to assist my customer on occasion. I enjoyed working with my customers. I loved when I could calm them down when they were upset.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 16, 2018","5.0"
"fun place to work","I enjoyed the job just wish the salary would have been more. I would have stayed then. If anyone applies just understand you in this area of Vrgina can not live on what they pay alone.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
"Good Work Environment"," this bank provided and good, positive work environment with solid management in place. Employees were respected and credited for a job well done. Facility and parking were positive. Lower salaries in the banking industry.","Credit Card Collection Supervisor","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
"Don't Do It","If you take this job be prepared to work all the time. If you like to go out and enjoy youy weekend, this is not the job for you. You will be working pretty much every weekend except one.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","January 16, 2018","1.0"
"Nothing impressive- Just another Bank","Their corporate concept is good, A lot of poor management. Turnover reflects this- it is super high in certain departments. No work-life balance, although they try to mask it. Be sure to research any job posted for the actual job function, you may be deceived into a role as they are very 'title friendly'. Benefits aren't very good especially if you compare with other private sector companies, You will feel it. The culture is not very friendly in this area at least. Very individualistic. The work hours are better than retail hours,","AMG","Current Employee","Maryland","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Cut throat","Bonuses are paid off of sales for products, while one person may see a product does not fit the clients lifestyle, another will make the sale to profit themselves. Not all management agrees with this, but when numbers are concerned, they will be passively aggressive to ensure that you get the sale.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Largo, FL","January 16, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work!","Very laid back environment and plenty of opportunity to grow yourself as an authority in sales and finance. They have some great tools, resources and trainers that help you at every stage of you career at this bank.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Centreville, VA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
" this bank amg"," this bank has a good work environment and offers good benefits. However, this bank's pay is not competitive to other banks or financial institutes. this bank does not provide acceptable pay increases or bonuses.","Product Manager II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 15, 2018","4.0"
"great place to work","I enjoyed the company alone with staff, mangers and location. They help me acquire an Insurance license to help customer with Annuities and further investments. Rewards were giving for annual sales pushing new products to clients.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","January 15, 2018","3.0"
"Fast, competitive","A typical workday at this bank was sitting in a cubicle for most of the day. A 15 minute daily team huddle was completed each day. I have to say that I did learn a lot regarding management, teamwork and technology while working at this bank. The hardest part of the job was trying to communicate job related difficulties to upper management. The most enjoyable part of the job were my co-workers.","Imaging Team Work Leader","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 15, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Consumer Loan Center-if you get the chance, take the job","Jobs there are limited...if you get the chance, take the job. This is primarily clerical & data entry work. After the loan is made? that is where you come in.","Automotive Title Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2018","4.0"
"Somewhat relaxed for a financial institution."," this bank has a severe management issue. It is clear that they do not really care about the associate experience. Managers are very click-ish and lack experience. The building itself needs an overhaul.","Customer Care Consultant","Part Time","Whitehall, OH","January 13, 2018","3.0"
"don't have one","don't have one am being forced to do this before proceeding to job application. seriously, they are making me type more. so, once again I don't have anything to say. I just want to apply for a job in a completely unrelated field. I've been out of banking for 4 years, I could care less","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","North East, MD","January 13, 2018","3.0"
"Horrible management without direction."," this bank managed by fear regardless if you are senior or in a junior position. Every week is a different procedure or idea, both of which are useless! They Treat significant clients as they would clients with a hundred dollar checking account!","Senior Banker","Former Employee","Florida State, FL","January 12, 2018","1.0"
"Good company","Work is sometimes what you make it. You your job and go home because that is what you are paid to do. I personally keep socializing to a bare minimum because I am not a super extroverted individual.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 12, 2018","4.0"
"normal banking enviroment","typical bank-sales and service/maintenance -sales calls-refer to partners-continued training on the computer-management is dependent upon branch-one hour lunches","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Michigan","January 12, 2018","3.0"
"summary","A typical day at this bank is average. We help the clients that come in by helping them with their financial well being. We make sure that clients have the best financial needs that will better their future.","PART TIME TELLER","Current Employee","Spotswood, NJ","January 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place to Start your Career","Work Life balance is wonderful at this company! The benefits are great and the environment itself is relaxed, dress code is business casual. Are making strides in improving areas within the benefits","Supervisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 11, 2018","4.0"
"very nice working environment","the only reason i left was because other banks offer about 4-6 dollars more doing the same things. The pay is not good there at all. i would love to work there again if they paid their employees a lot better.","Consumer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2018","4.0"
"Things were always changing","This is one of the most unorganized companies that I have ever worked for. Things were always changing. Don't get me wrong change is good, but it can become very stressful when things are constantly changing. For example; our job titles changed. Our job duties also changed frequently, but our pay remained the same. The management team was horrible. It seemed as if we were the enemy. I would not recommend anyone to work there.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 10, 2018","2.0"
"Productive","I work in a retail branch, which has a high customer traffic volume. I have had the opportunity of handling all aspect of banking because of the traffic volume. I have experience in Investments, Mortgages, Personal Loans, Auto Loans, Monet Market Accounts, CDs, etc.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","January 10, 2018","4.0"
"Flexible environment","You manage your time from your virtual office for this particular role. ECO System mentality to gain leveraged account management. This may likely be the best role they offer on the retail segment","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Stirling, NJ","January 9, 2018","3.0"
"Not a dream job","don't like the company, no family life working mid shift and working around a grocery store. not cool. This is not something that can be done daily, same customers everyday. Nothing really changes","Assist Customers","Former Employee","Odenton, MD","January 9, 2018","5.0"
"Good company","Jacksonville site is clearly the best. We have great managers, but they are also underpaid. So you lose good people to lesser companies because they pay more. Recently losing our site lead was shocking, but we are doing fine. Id like to see more competitive pay across the board. Incentives are good if you work hard.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 9, 2018","4.0"
"Friendly co-workers, good place to work","I enjoyed this job most of the time. Any time working with the public can be difficult, but worked with great people. Usually worked 6 - 8 hours a day. Worked 3 Saturdays a month. Work days were very busy and the day went fast.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","January 9, 2018","4.0"
"great work life balance, not enough pay","my current manager is amazing, however the pay just isn't there for the amount of work we're required to do. I love that I have the option to work at home, however.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Murrysville, PA","January 9, 2018","4.0"
"Small Teams, Good people","A comunicative boss, competent co workers who knew their jobs and would go out of their way to help, in mature business that this bank eventually exited. It was the best of times/","Vice President","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 8, 2018","3.0"
"Job summary","Environment dedicated to its clients and employees , this bank values their employees work life balance. this bank has many services and solutions to help Benefit clients financial well being","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","East Lansing, MI 48823","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"Strong Brand in Financial Services Industry"," this bank is a strong financial company with basically fair benefit and compensation packages. However, the recent industry wide restructure of retail banking had a significant impact toward limiting opportunities for career advancement in retail banking specifically. Company strengths are solid/sustained strong financial status and competitive suite of products that are well supported with marketing research/collateral, tech support, and subject matter product experts. An enjoyable element of working at this bank is representing a strong and formidable brand in the financial services business. This company has a well thought out 'go to market' strategy and has developed industry vertical specialization primarily in healthcare, manufacturing, professional services and retail. As a manager, implementing strategy and being able to help develop effective tactics to do so, was also an enjoyable part of the job.","V. Pres - Commercial Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"Learning Lession","I've learned much about banking operations and have enjoyed making friends of several co-workers. I've enjoyed working with clients that I will miss seeing on a regular basis. I've learned about their lives and helped make a difference in their financial well-being. The experience has reinforced my belief that organization and time management are an essential part of any business operations. Chaos in a busy environment starts from not being organized, ready to work when the day begins, and keeping track of what must be accomplished by day end. I have also learned more about what management styles I work with best. I enjoy working with individuals whom I respect and trust. I believe in treating people the way that you would be treated and being consistent with adhering to policies & procedures. In my almost 2 year tenure, the branch staff has undergone the following turnover: 2 teller supervisors, 2 branch managers, 1 assistant branch manager, 1 private client banker, 2 full time tellers (including myself), & 1 part time teller. Branch continues to lose business & personal clients on a regular basis and had not made any strides in obtaining new business clients.","TELLER","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","January 8, 2018","1.0"
"No Review","The working culture of this bank became stale as the years went by, where the overall mood was flexible but firm too being ridged and stressed. Employee relationships went from a family based atmosphere to an environment of strangers.","Tax Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"Great company to work for ....","Worked with many wonderful team members. Very well compensated; as I was one of their top performers for 2 years ! The clients were great ! You meet such a wide variety of people from all walks of life & you learn from them .. you take care of their financial needs. Extremely rewarding.","SALES CONSULTANT II","Former Employee","Meridianville, AL","January 8, 2018","5.0"
" this bank is a good company to work for","A typical day at this bank was always very productive. It was fast paced with deadlines that needed to be met. I learned to work accurately and well under pressure. The management was good, always ensuring employees were trained and knew their functions and was always helpful in advancement. The most difficult part of the job was ensuring proper communication. I enjoyed balancing accounts the most in the reconciling aspect of my job.","Transaction Processor II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"very unfair, dishonest management","If you want to see favoritism on daily basis, constant lying from management, and talked to like you are 3 years old that please join this bank. Or if you are Polish","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","January 7, 2018","1.0"
"Best customer service","Employees are well trained to be great customer service ambasadors and state of art money handling process. Learn a lot about transitioning bank system and Canadian financial rules.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","January 7, 2018","3.0"
" this bank is a family.","Everyone knows everyone. It's competitive, but fun. The sales goals can be stressful depending on your location. Customer traffic and demeanor are big factors, so sales excellence is a must.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Winchester, KY","January 6, 2018","4.0"
"Competive fast pace culture","Very fast pace sales enviromrnt, leadership skills are a plus, must possess great customer service skills. If you are looking to advance and grow in your ca","Bank Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 5, 2018","3.0"
"Inimical","Too much of office politics. Teller side are very unprofessional, unfriendly & unwelcoming - some younger tellers (have been there over a year or even 2 years) are bullying the newcomers and some have left because of them. The younger tellers can also be very childish, flat out mean, rude, team up (clique) and belittle others, but not all are like that. Whereby, the Bankers are very professional, helpful, team players and they made my time there most enjoyable working. I learned a lot from the Bankers as they're more welcoming and supportive. Management turns a blind eye on some of the behavior.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Shelby Twp, MI","January 5, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Staff in the 6 branches that I oversee are professional and friendly. Great environment within the branch offices working with my partners branch staff.","Senior Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","Dearborn, MI","January 5, 2018","4.0"
"Career","The job is good on team work and help. Some days are fast paced some days a little slow. The hardest part would be not getting stressed on a fast paced day. I would say I enjoy interacting with coworkers. I learned how to type faster. I learned how to challenge myself and believe in myself.","Bank operations support","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 5, 2018","4.0"
"easy job for young adults","My branch was very relaxed and was a younger branch. It was very easy to be-friend coworkers and the manager understood a younger mindset. The customers were positive for the most part and as long as you were careful with your drawer and followed the basic safety measures, the job was easy.","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 5, 2018","4.0"
"The best","This was the best place I was ever employed! The company in general is great but of course as with any job you will have your certain people in management that aren't good at and that would be the only real downfall to this place.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","January 5, 2018","5.0"
"treading water","If you like to see less talented people coming in from outside the company get paid more than you, sign up! They'll pile work on and give you a 1% raise saying there's no money in the budget while the company is making 1 billion a quarter.","Business Analyst Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 5, 2018","1.0"
"Productive great place to work","love the work life balance, collaboration,the talent development and the growth opportunity this bank has to offer, location is very close to home couldn't ask for a better place to work","Senior Loan Closer","Current Employee","Calabasas, CA","January 5, 2018","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank has a culture of community and development. They treat every employee fairly and provide care for growth. In my experience I have the pleasure of being trained and promoted numerous times within this bank.","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Westwood, NJ","January 4, 2018","5.0"
"neutral","Neutral opinion. Similar to other large companies as far as supporting the mission that is communicated to the street. Over the years, it has offered plenty of opportunity.","commercial credit","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2018","2.0"
"Great Place","I love it at Pittsburgh National Corporation. It has great hours. THey allow for a work and life balance that is unmatched in the banking industry. They allow for upward mobility also.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 4, 2018","5.0"
"fun work place"," this bank is a place for someone who would like to advance and expand there knowledge. The workers there are super nice and helpful when you need it. The environment is very diverse.","Debt Collector","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 3, 2018","5.0"
" this bank is good start"," this bank is a great start to getting on the right track to understanding how businesses work. The staff was friendly and always ready to help you when needed.","Teller I","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","January 3, 2018","5.0"
"Productive place to work","Very professional work environment I learned a lot of things from here that I use in my everyday life. I would love for everyone who was willing to work here","Teller","Former Employee","Asbury Park, NJ","January 3, 2018","5.0"
"Fun and fast paced"," this bank is a great company to work for. There was plenty of room for advancement. this bank also provides continual training to stay informed of new procedures and refresh on products and services.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Elgin, IL","January 3, 2018","5.0"
"Great people to work with","The people in my group were great and helpful. The company as a whole was slow to get things started and even slower to finish the project. Working from home was a bonus and was nice in cold weather not to have to go outside.","Technical Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 3, 2018","4.0"
"I love banking and my role as teller supervisor","I learned so much about bank operations and client services. I enjoyed my role as teller supervisor and fully intended to strive to advance my career in banking with this bank. If not for the personal issues I had with the management I would recommend this job to others.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Okeechobee, FL","January 3, 2018","3.0"
"Need help","a typical day at work , not too much more sales management need training workplace not good the hardest part do not teach much if it wasn't for my background i would be lost.","Financial sales consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","January 3, 2018","3.0"
"Lead Vault Teller this bank","Display features and benefits Customer service Paying and receiving transactionsAccuracy in job performanceProduce reports Answer phonesSchedule appointments for the loan officersBalance large amount of Cash FlowSell other products offeredAccountability for amount of moneyFiled documents","Lead Vault Teller","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","January 3, 2018","3.0"
"boring, or getting yelled at","rude customers, under-staffed. managers don't want to take escalations, escalations don't want to take escalations, spanish line never avail always have to use a 3rd party translator, 10 different programs for different transactions, worst is their strictness with phone time --it is ALL that matters, no time for good needed notes/followupwork/aftercallwork","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 3, 2018","1.0"
"Leadership lacking and advancement opportunity","Don't really know where to start but the company was bank N bank which was later brought out by this bank, they decided to change the culture and make it like Chase Bank . Following the merger completion, the culture completely changed and everything went down the tube. Would have loved to stay but they also got rid of all the good managers and leaders , demanding more but unwilling to to reflect it with the pay. Truly disappointed and a frustrating experience.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 2, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Relaxed work enviornment. Quality and production driven. Requires a lot of sitting and repetitive tasks. Clean facility and updated office equipment. I would recommend this bank.","Payment processor","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","January 2, 2018","3.0"
"Too high of expecations","Started off a great place to work, after a short period of time you are expected to know or how to figure out everything on your own with no guidance which makes it extremely stressful. Managers get high bonuses when everyone hits there goals but the workers get very little bonus. Due to the managers getting a higher bonus they expect everyone to reach goal and if you don't your are heavily punished","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Bath, PA","January 2, 2018","2.0"
"Stressful, fast paced environment","This was a fast-paced job required to sell checking/savings accounts and also performing teller functions. I learned to put myself out there and sell to people. Management was highly concerned with selling and not so much the customer. Hardest part of the job was having to sell a product to people who were grocery shopping. The most enjoyable part of the job were the people I worked with and benefits.","TELLER","Former Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","January 1, 2018","3.0"
"Great Benefits, Poor Coworkers","The training is as minimal as it gets. You're thrown to the sharks and coworkers are petty, rude, and disrespectful. It's insane how many people laugh at coworkers and customers behind their backs. Benefits are amazing - 10 weeks full paid maternity leave with 6 weeks full paid parental leave, and 3 weeks vacation. Awesome health insurance. Bonuses are very reasonable. Literally if it weren't for the disrespectful atmosphere and utter lack of competent training, this bank would be a great place to work.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Florida","January 1, 2018","3.0"
"Productive","Great company to work for just not enough room for advancement due to more jobs out of North Carolina! Some management understanding & great to work with!","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 1, 2018","5.0"
"Very stressful place to work"," this bank was an extremely stressful place to work with little to no understanding from the management team. Front line workers answering customer calls, inquiries, and complaints were repremanded when not fully satisfying and making the customer happy, even when it was something out of their control. Scores for customer surveys were taken very seriously, even on the occasion that it was clear that they representative was calm, attentive, and helpful to the best of their abilities, but the customer was still dissatisfied that their requests were not completed the way they wanted and a low score was given.","Credit Card Services Senior Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 1, 2018","2.0"
"Fast paced, very stressful","Current management very good. Past management-very much micro managed. Culture is very competitive-pitting co-workers against each other. Even though we as workers try to work as a team - in order to reach goals there are many times you must work as cut throat. This makes for very stressful environment. Once you've worked here for a length of time and reach the middle of the pay band scale it is very difficult to receive decent raises- 2% is considered a good raise. The longer I work here the further I fall behind in just covering the cost of living.","Consumer Loan Fulfillment","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 1, 2018","3.0"
"Competitive","Overall, a good place to work but no room to advance. Management is good and the workplace is relaxing. More job opportunities are needed, but hard to come by since parent company is located up North.","Analyst I","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 31, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place To Learn Banking"," this bank has rigorously taught me more about banking in all its meaning. I truly appreciate their training and dedication in teaching new individuals to succeed.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","December 30, 2017","5.0"
"Hired for a particular position but that position was changed to a demotion.","The Wealth Management Team hired many of us as Banking Advisors with perks to come after 6 months. Position was changed to a Support Banker with no perks.","Banking Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 30, 2017","4.0"
"Very Hard to Advance Career","It is very hard to move up within this bank, not much help in terms of guidance and development from managers. Education does not play a role in seeking career advancement.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","December 30, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful fact pace environment","The everyday work life can be stressful depending on the department you are in. However, stressful as it may be, this bank is innovative in the way content and help is provided to its employees to ensure they receive any help needed to perform to the best of their abilities.","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 30, 2017","3.0"
"It's an OK place to work","I'm very neutral about this bank as a place to work. As with all companies it depends on the area you work in. The call center often gives the wrong information when you call to seek advice which often is at odds with advice from management. Information does not always filter down to you so you find out the hard way, that you made a mistake and are held accountable. Senior management are too busy sitting in their ivory towers, making decisions which impact branch staff, without consulting the staff. They also have no idea about what is going on at branch level as they rarely, if at all, visit the branches. The job culture is extremely conservative & makes it hard to properly assist customers.","Service Associate","Personal Banker","Columbus, OH","December 30, 2017","3.0"
"I would recommend"," this bank is a great place to work. The pay and benefits are excellent. The only current negative is that our region is working 6 day works weeks and meeting the sales quotas can be stressful.","Teller","Current Employee","Noblesville, IN","December 30, 2017","4.0"
"decent","it was an alright place to work. It is very fast pace in some departments in other departments it slow. I was in college at the time so it was the best paying job around","Core Services Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 29, 2017","3.0"
"Worthwhile experience","I very much enjoyed my time working at this bank. I was given plenty of opportunity to grow as an individual. I learned a great deal that I will carry on with me throughout my life.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Columbus Ohio","December 29, 2017","5.0"
"Bad Workplace","Very Unprofessional and health care is bad. I wouldn't recommend anyone to work there. Bad overall it will stress you out to work there. I can't stress enough that all personal there needs hr training."," this bank Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","December 28, 2017","1.0"
"Toxic work place","Avoid it if you can, really bad place to work, especially really bad management culture. Managers are incompetent and insecure of people that are more knowledgeable than them. Management takes all strategic decisions by themselves without consulting the technical team.","Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 28, 2017","1.0"
"job review","this was a good company. Besides the low pay it is a perfect job for individuals are content doing this job forever. you have a good chance to travel with this company","Bank Operations","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 28, 2017","4.0"
"Good place to work","Very good place to work. Processes HEP files from entry to closing. Works as a liaison between departments. Helps clients to understand processes and requirements.","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Current Employee","North Carolina","December 27, 2017","5.0"
"stressful and judgemental","If your looking to be judged on a daily bases and have everyone on your team see how good or bad your doing this job is great. Pay is great the people you work with and around are amazing.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 27, 2017","4.0"
" this bank is great","I think this bank is a great company to work for. The benefits are amazing and it is fairly easy to move ahead. Management is hit or miss depending or your line of business.","Commercial Transaction Coordinator","Current Employee","Ohio","December 27, 2017","4.0"
"Maintain information related to heavy equipment floorplan lines of credit","Responsible for reviewing loan documentation for clients, file UCC's and monitor changes to client status, request/complete subordination requests. Provide back-up assistance to peers within department for advance request processing for floorplan lines of credit.","Loan Closing Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 27, 2017","2.0"
"Good place to build a career","Really good benefits and competitive pay as well as many opportunities in and out of branch to advance. Healthcare is good. One of the only banks left that offers pension in conjunction. You are vested in 3 years as well.","Branch Operations","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH 44118","December 27, 2017","5.0"
"definitely do research on your branch","I did not remember applying, but they reached out. I accepted the job. Salary is not the best but the company is amazing to work for. Management selection could definitely be better, but past branch management there are definitely some great leaders. Branch managers are very unprofessional as far as I've seen thus far and don't seem to work for the customer's best interest and often assistant branch managers (to my experience) pretend to be to busy for everything.","Service Manager","Current Employee","Mansell rd","December 27, 2017","2.0"
"I loved my the job I did as well as the people I worked with.","I loved it here. I loved the customers, the atmosphere, and the people I worked with. It's fast paced and you need to catch on quickly to avoid making substantial errors. As long as you're good with money, computers, and customer service it's a great job.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Orrville, OH","December 26, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company","If you get the right manager this place could be lots of fun - overall descent place to work - Great training for new hires.Always trying to improve it reputation.","Asst Mngr - Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Holland, PA","December 26, 2017","4.0"
"na"," this bank is a good company -for benefits pay is not idea but work environment changes based on branch -higher up is not informed on what is going on with branch","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Palm Bay, FL 32905","December 26, 2017","1.0"
"Cares for its employees","Salary structure needs improvement so do the benefits. Demanding customers. Some customers are great to work with and very understanding. Too many changes ALL the time so management is not effective.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Maryland","December 26, 2017","4.0"
"Management and promotions and pay big problems","Management gets away with everything. They are not held accountable for there actions. Promotions are based on who you know not what you know and how hard you work. Pay, well lets just say if you come from outside the company you will get paid a respectable wage. If you get a raise or a promotion from within the company don't expect to get the same. The company has great core values. The problem is not everybody within the company respect those core values. THIS CAN BE A VERY UNHAPPY PLACE TO WORK.","Employee","Former Employee","NJ","December 26, 2017","3.0"
"It's ok","The job is good, just that the hours are very longggg! You come in the morning and you do not leave until when it's very dark outside. The pay is very low too for all the work we do.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Lanham, MD","December 26, 2017","3.0"
"Fun Place to learn and grow","Great place to start and make a long term career. You are exposed to learning everything and the only limitation is your own self. In 6 months extensive exposure to large volume cash handling, ATM, cash vaults. Company trains well and places confidence in you to handle stressful situations and make decisions. Was lucky to have really good managers and colleagues","NJ - Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fords, NJ","December 25, 2017","5.0"
"Decent company","You typical day varies greatly depending on your position there. IF you are customer facing, be aware there ARE sales goals for you to meet. this bank has been working to make itself a more competitive company, pay wise, and has been reinvesting in their current employees. The maternity leave here is GREAT.","WorkPlace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","December 22, 2017","4.0"
"Review","Love the hours monday through friday 8 to 5 with paid holidays and occasional weekends that you would work. You do get sick days as well and personal days.","Financial Consultant I","Former Employee","Wyoming, MI","December 22, 2017","4.0"
"good paying job","work in customer service so a typical work day is anwersing questions about one's mortgage (escrow, balane, payoff) it can be stresfful constant changes","Payoff Team","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 22, 2017","4.0"
"Great Benefits but a very obscure career development","Mostly people employed are of great character. Management is helpful but also restricted. Too much information is given at one time and employees are still expected to excel with very little time to grasp the work.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 21, 2017","3.0"
"Great job environment","Loved working there left only to pursue a higher education degree. My mentor and senior financial advisor was wonderful and helpful and took time to teach me.","Investments Associate","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 19, 2017","5.0"
