900,"Needs much improvement","So far behind in technology and is not innovative at all. The company says it isn't focused on sales but uses activities as a facade to mask the pushing of sales!","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","Georgia","February 9, 2020","2.0"
901,"If you are PT you will work FT hours","Because of massive under-staffing, they will hire you in at PT and then inform you that your schedule is 'subject to change' - but you will not receive FT bonus payouts, FT benefits, or FT vacation perks. They DO NOT work with schedules, will not accommodate you if you have school, kids, etc. In my experience, this bank was not forthcoming about this information, which had they been during the time of my interview I would have saved myself and them some time and not taken the job. They are not upfront and honest about how they will work you like a FT employee even though you accepted a PT position.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Canal Winchester, OH","February 9, 2020","1.0"
902,"Productive place to work","Fast paced department. Which is deadline and detailed oriented. Immediate VP Manager and Instrutor are always show their appreciation. Remaining patient, uplifting and positive. It was an amazing experience working by their side. The most enjoyable part is problem solving and learning different ways to conquer and balance issues. Also providing exceptional customer service. And being challenged mentally meant everything.","Operations Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 8, 2020","4.0"
903,"this bank needs to quit micromanaging","It is worst employee friendly companies I have ever worked for. Their systems are antiqued. The sales culture is extremely flawed. They are not in tune with today's workforce.","BSSA","Current Employee","Michigan","February 7, 2020","1.0"
904,"Great job","There is no room for growth, but the job is easy and everyone makes coming to work worth wild. You are given the chance to learn several different jobs in the company.","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","February 7, 2020","5.0"
905,"this bank Isn't What It Seems","After nearly 5 years, and this bank reporting record earnings, I've not received more than a 1.5% increase and it's the only job I've ever had with no bonus dispute the fact that in each yearly review I'm told the I 'exceed expectations '","Regional Supervisory Manager","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 7, 2020","3.0"
906,"Terrible management"," this bank can't hire any loan officers due to the accuracy of bad management, vanilla products and green processing/ underwriting reputation it has. No one is capable or willing to help you because they are lazy and looking out for themselves. Very poor mortgage department.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Akron, OH","February 6, 2020","1.0"
907,"Bad","Is a terrible company don't work there is no good for you. Supervisor is not a professional person and doesn't care about your hard work and the manager instigated.","I was Represented","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","February 6, 2020","1.0"
908,"Just go do your job and leave.","It feels like everyone is now micro managed. In this bank you either get no manager or you get a manager that is on a constant power trip as he tries to run his branch like it was his own family and try to disclipine and speak to their branch employees like kids. Theyll give you excuses as to how they care about your life. But in reality most managers make you feel guilty for taking your sick time. While they get to leave when ever they want to no control at all, you are stuck working your 40 hours","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC 20036","February 5, 2020","3.0"
909,"Higher ups are very strict","Normal banking hours with 2 sat per month, management is aggressive, it is a goal oriented position with good hours. Make for sure you are meeting your goals","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland Heights, MO","February 5, 2020","4.0"
910,"Productive and great company to work for","Productive and great company to work for. They have a great training system and amazing staff. Loves giving back to the community. One of the best companies I have worked for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","February 5, 2020","5.0"
911,"Fun workplace","A typical day would be having a morning huddle to make plans on how to achieve monthly goals. Discuss a schedule for all team members for lunch breaks and Lobby management.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 5, 2020","4.0"
912,"small caring team environment to work in"," this bank provides extensive training and there's always someone to talk to and ask for help. Management can be better; honesty and straight forwardness are much better than going around and creating drama at management level","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Bay Village, OH","February 5, 2020","4.0"
913,"Just Didn't Fit In","If you don't fit in with them, then they will fire you before your 90 days at will time is up. I did all my work, extra assignments even went above and beyond. But because of the fact, my character didn't fit in with their character, I was let go.","Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","February 5, 2020","2.0"
914,"Great people to work with","Great place and people to work with, great benefits, 401K and Pension. Products and services are among the best in class. Job is fast pace but great eco partners in the branches.","Vice President Merchant Account Executive","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 4, 2020","4.0"
915,"Work life balance and best place for work","Its environment friendly and good, Management is very good . Personal growth is good here. Its USA largest bank so secure to work here in compere to other firm.","ETL Informatica Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 4, 2020","5.0"
916,"this bank","Overall an excellent place to work. Work life balance is respectful. Opportunities for advancement are limited, and training is a work in progress but generally overall a great work environment.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bethlehem, PA","February 4, 2020","4.0"
917,"Diverse"," this bank is inclusive and diverse. The pay is fair and they offer great opportunity for advancement. If this is a field you are interested in, it is a great company to work for","ANALYST I - LINE MANAGEMENT","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 3, 2020","5.0"
918,"Remote availabilty","Remote availability for some positions allows for a concrete work/life balance. Managers can be easily reached for communication and there is a company culture of community.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 3, 2020","3.0"
919,"Incredible place to grow and make your work home.","Loved working at this bank! There are so many different opportunities and as long as you were being led by a strong leader who valued your individual and team contributions, it was a place to call home for a very long time.","Training and Coaching Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 3, 2020","5.0"
920,"I belive the core company is good, but the local managers and staff were terrable!","It's a mortgage job. The company over staffed at my time of higher and then needed to let us go quickly. Also the manager I worked for was not honest at all. One person can really bring a company down. The company itself is ok, although I was not there long. so I cannot say to much.","Home loan processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 3, 2020","1.0"
921,"i felt trapped and my boss only focused on the negative","Unfortunately, after over 20 years in the company i loved one manager left a very sour taste in my mouth by choosing to isolate, trap and discharge me .","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Paoli, PA","February 3, 2020","1.0"
922,"Great Opportunity","I loved this bank. I left on good terms to pursue my dream in retail. I had awesome support team members and Supervisors. I loved how they would QA us on calls and give us Feed back. I miss it.","Collection Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 1, 2020","5.0"
923,"good work life balance but the compensation isn't there"," this bank is a great place to work with energizing people and a good culture for inclusiveness. If you are looking to come in, do your job and leave for your personal activities its a great place to work. Upward mobility can be a struggle for those looking to quickly climb the ladder.","Payment Services","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 1, 2020","4.0"
924,"Stressful enviroment with lack of motivation to excell from management","The management and the cuture is not inclusive of all employees. The cuture of this bank shifted to a sales based culture and not a customer focused culture with the management currently in place.","Business Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","Boardman, OH","January 31, 2020","3.0"
925,"Decent company if you get into the right department","Plenty of office politics, great opportunities, but there are potential land mines to navigate that can derail a career. Fall into the wrong project and you can be sidelined. They are the big fish in the market, so that makes it hard to negotiate salary once you're hired. So negotiate upfront and be prepared to live with that decision. Good benefits, decent enough work/life balance for some, lots of overtime for others. For this I'd give it a mixed review. If you're the right candidate, you can find your niche.","Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2020","3.0"
926,"this bank Culture","The culture at this bank is inviting and collaborative. Great teams to work with to help meet the needs of the client and flexibile work life balance. The bank is expanding as well.","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 30, 2020","4.0"
927,"Employees are just another number","Most managers in the region that I worked were not qualified to give the tools to help advance employees. They were either not motivated or simply not skilled. Benefits were great, pay was okay, last but not least the technology was outdated and slow. You'd find yourself apologizing to the customer about wait times and rebooting computers daily. I tried but no growth.","Banker","Former Employee","Chicago land area","January 30, 2020","1.0"
928,"Poor Management","Management does not appear to respect employees from the beginning: many interviews, sometimes no communication afterward, no return phone calls after demanding time prior to hiring; the largest concern is sales and what the employee can do for the company rather than ensuring the company also fits into some of the employee's needs for better morale. It's hypocritical to ask that customer facing employees perform perfectly while hiring managers and branch managers have little to no people or communication skills, lack of etiquette, and lack of basic courtesy. Not everyone that applies to this bank carries a nothing more than a high school diploma and there are people in the workforce who would like to be treated with some form of dignity. If you live in Southern Maryland and you would like to be treated fairly and with respect, look and apply elsewhere. If you are simply looking for a paycheck and a learning stepping stone but do not care so much about how you are treated, go for it.","Teller","Current Employee","Solomons, MD","January 29, 2020","1.0"
929,"They don't care about their employees","Honestly an awful place to work, it's extremely stressful and know one helps you. Managers don't care, and it's very hard. You can't take a bathroom break without getting yelled at.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 29, 2020","1.0"
930,"Customer service","We always were to be at work on time and use our breaks and lunches on time. ut customers always came first. We always had a potluck on Fridays and helped the community on assigned days.","Customer service rep","Former Employee","4661 East Main Street, Columbus, OH 43251","January 29, 2020","4.0"
931,"Poor management","They're all over the place, no one knows what's going on within the company. I enjoyed my first 3 years but it's gone downhill. I wish they would value their employees.","SENIOR MORTGAGE PROCESSOR","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 29, 2020","1.0"
932,"Job position not as described","Originally viewed as a bank teller position with some sales. Highly aggressive direct sales position that was not as described. As an in store sales associate, you were required to walk around grocery store and try to get people to open up accounts/ credit cards. Management was fairly new and didn't offer support. Their main response was 'what can I do to help you get more customers?' Bank was very short staffed and you are often found alone with little to no support should issues arise when you are new.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Middletown, NJ","January 29, 2020","1.0"
933,"Positive encouragement","Management did a great job to make me feel valued and helped me advance my career. Pay could be better. Some branches offer the availability to mobile representative working in different locations.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2020","5.0"
934,"don't believe your Recruiter","The recruiter that offered me the job stated to me, and I recorded it, that i would only be working a couple nights a week and mostly during the day the latest i would work on a day shift would be 7:30 pm. THAT WAS A TOTAL LIE!! I have been working until 10 pm every night, it has stressed my family out to where they cant take it anymore that they never see me but for a couples hours here and there EVEN when I work from home. My cable bill and such almost tripled because i have to have the high internet and home phone, and they don't offer any kind of perks for that. The good side is, they provide all of your equipment.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Remote","January 29, 2020","3.0"
935,"Na","I got to work with awesome co workers, leads and managers. The pay was low but the bonuses made up for the low pay. You controlled your own bonus. It wasn't easy but if you took the recommendations it was easy.","CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","January 29, 2020","4.0"
936,"Financial Specialist","This position reports to two managers. Difficulty lies in whether the managers work together or not. In my case, they did not. It resulted in a hostile work environment and impossible job requirements. Its a great bank but the internal structure was bad.","Financial Specialist I","Former Employee","Florida","January 28, 2020","4.0"
937,"Advanced Digitial Channels"," this bank by far offers the best technology and digital channels to its clients. Has a unique branch layout of universally all team members are able to assist clients","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","January 28, 2020","3.0"
938,"Good place to start a career for the most part","Overall this is a great job to grow with. I would recommend going in as a plat form member though. Being a teller means you have the most transaction in the bank. Meaning they constantly set high goals for you to reach.which wouldn't be bad, but they keep making it harder to hit the incentive goal. meaning you don't get the incentive pay. Since i started they have taken 3 things away that would've been a referral for us. meaning now its even hard to hit the goal. also when you are hired on, they say it isn't a sales job, but it really is. They want us to push credit card offers, and that's fine and all, but asking the same person more than once is rude. especially when its not in the customers best interest all the time. We also don't get a lot of new customers in the branch. most of them are older, or have some debt. Generally those customers do not want a new credit card. But we are told to ask and make sure they leave with a hand out. even if you hit your referral goals, its never good enough..","Teller","Current Employee","Springfield, OH","January 28, 2020","4.0"
939,"Good benefits, mediocre compensation, difficult to advance to upper management"," this bank in my opinion is a good starting ground. Advancing in lower positions is very achievable, but advancing to upper management is impossible... The pay is okay, not the highest, but still better than most. Incentive plan is mediocre, unless in a very high traffic/ high net worth area. Benefits like healthcare and vacation are very good. Work culture is inviting, but certain policies in place allow for employees to slack and really not get punished (my own branch experiences).","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Current Employee","Vero Beach, FL","January 27, 2020","3.0"
940,"This is a great job","I have loved working at this bank. They offer so many great benefits. They offer a flexible schedule. And they always care about their employees. They have bonuses and great team work.","Teller","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","January 27, 2020","5.0"
941,"Experience does not matter.","Follow the leader whether or not you follow his point of view. If you are looking to be an individual, look elsewhere. This company wants you to fit into a very square hole; even if you are an exceptional circle.","RESGISTERED SALES SENIOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2020","4.0"
942,"None","Best inquire jobs with this bank HR recruiters or connect with employees via LinkedIn or find contract companies to work with this bank. Find someone to connect to help you get a job at this bank.","IT Senior Business Analyst - Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 26, 2020","4.0"
943,"good company","Great company to work for. The company provides excellent training to their employees for growth. Good benefits. Good hours. Good pay. And great managers. this bank follows their Core Values and stick to them.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 25, 2020","5.0"
944,"Unlike the experience I was expecting.","I interned previously at a boutique wealth management firm and had a blast. I was on the phone and working hard to get leads for my advisors. At this bank the development program isn't geared towards that and I want to be out in the field, meeting with clients, and closing sales.","Asset Management Analyst","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 25, 2020","4.0"
945,"Great company to work for.","Great company to work for, diverse and friendly atmosphere. They take care of their employees very well. I would recommend this company to anyone who is looking for a rewarding career.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Foley, AL","January 25, 2020","5.0"
946,"I would not recommend this bank","Its becoming a product pushing company. Employees are under paid, unhappy which has a high turnover rate. Customer are affected by it and they will express their concerns through customer surveys which employees get an incentive on the overall branch performance, not individually. The goal is to reach out to others branches for help but they are barley staffed themselves. Upper management doesn't care about employees career path all they want to make sure you are getting Credit Card applications on a daily basis and investment referrals.It is all about what this bank can get. this bank make it seem better than what it is. If that was the case why are the branches not fully staffed with employees. Actions should line up with their words.","Senior Branch Manager - MLO","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 25, 2020","1.0"
947,"Being in-store was very limiting as far as customer relations go. I enjoyed the clients.","This company seemed to care more for the wealthy clients instead of those that drive the company. The every day consumer. They constantly wanted to nickel and dime regular customers but would waive fees to those who had higher balances.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","January 24, 2020","2.0"
948,"Poor products","not a good place to work for loan origination. no clue on needs of customers. execution is awful and management could care less. do not waste your time here","Calabasas","Former Employee","Central, CA","January 24, 2020","1.0"
949,"Good place to start in banking"," this bank offers great benefits and work at home flexibility. Health insurance is not great. Work is repetitive but easy to learn. Throughout the year you can be super busy or you may not have enough work to do. Most of the time your doing the tasks of 2 or more people and from other departments. A lot of politics and favoritism goes on. It is really who you know to advance in your career. Pay is not adequate for the industry and for the work. Great place to gain experience and learn about banking.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Rock","January 23, 2020","3.0"
