"Could be better","The big company that treats you like a number not a person. Good Place to get experience, but not a place to stay. They provide the tools you need to advance with in the company but that's it.","Service desk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2016","3.0"
"Bank with great techology","Great bank to work for and only getting better. Management doesn't really care about how you make your goals as long as it gets done at the end of the day.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","March 20, 2016","4.0"
"financial sales","great company great people. Hours are in the middle of the day, scheduled 5 days a week open to close. work almost every weekend","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hackensack, NJ","March 20, 2016","5.0"
"Not as nice as before"," this bank used to be a wonderful place to work. The people were great to work with and the atmosphere was pleasant. That is no longer the case. My last manager was a good person but the culture of this bank was cold and unpleasant.","Financial Offier - Project Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2016","3.0"
"Good work environment"," this bank is a good work environment. An average day consist of calling on realtors and my bank branch partners and meeting with customers who want to get approved to buy a home.","Home Mortgage Consultant","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","March 20, 2016","3.0"
"Productive, lots and lots to learn, fun working place with team","I work with the File processing in ACH department. As I work with the ACH its lot of knowledge to get, its lot of researching, which I like more. We work as a team. I use excel, powerpoint, Microsoft office a lot.","FUNDS TRANSFER ANALYST REPRESENTATIVE III","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 18, 2016","5.0"
"If you are not in upper management they treat like so poorly!!","If you are not in upper management they treat like so poorly!! On a monthly basis it changes from getting a good CIQ to clicking insight to multi channel calls. No one is ever satisfied with anything. Ive been here several years and ive gotten one pay raise which was nothing to get excited about.","Sales and service associate","Current Employee","PA","March 18, 2016","3.0"
"ios development is easily handeled","its a good company to use our skills and work development.all collegues are good to be a team player .management is cooperative with all team leads and members.","IOS Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 18, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company","Great environment and company has a focus on the customer.. great for starting out but advancement is not always coached to","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","March 18, 2016","5.0"
"fun workplace","As far as my department it was like the blind leading the blind, busy all the time and under staffed.I learned a lot working there. Management didn't like you asking questions. My co-workers they were fun to work with. The most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with fellow co-workers and different clients.","Mail clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 17, 2016","3.0"
"Good people and tons of overtime","A typical day at my job consists of getting to my computer and clocking in also bringing up all the systems we use to locate people in our date base. Once thats done we log into the phone and start taking calls to help people with either fraud or disputes on their credit cards. I learned a lot about credit cards and also a lot about different disputes and their reasons. My coworkers were amazing and great people to be around.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","March 16, 2016","3.0"
"Productive, interesting work place,","Busy high call volume call center taking calls all day. I learned how to work with several programs. Co-workers were great! The hardest part of the job was explaining Escrow Most enjoyable part of the job was the people","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","March 15, 2016","5.0"
"Great learning environment","Tons of experience in a short time, but you are not compensated well High turn over, currently at 80%. In most branches you will have to work until 12:15 on Saturdays. The co- workers are great, I made life friends here Most managers are insightful and understanding. Good benefits, flexible vacation, 401 K. The hardest part of the job is keeping up with everything you have to do and dealing with changes constantly. There are so many ways to mess up and people are let go a lot for mistakes.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Lexington, KY 40507","March 15, 2016","3.0"
"productive workplace","Setting appointments for customers to conduct a review at their local branch. Also this job provides the opportunity to work with great people and make great friends with co-workers.","Multi-Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 15, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Big bank with a small bank feel. Easy to move up in the company and everyone is extremely helpful in helping you to do so. The girls I worked with are hardworking and great coworkers. Management can use some tweeking but you have to make the most of your situation.","Occasional lead","Current Employee","Indiana, PA","March 14, 2016","5.0"
"Behind the times","The company doesn't focus on the things that are important and treats there employees like children who need threatened with punishment to perform. The needs of clients have changed and this company does not keep up with the way people choose to do business and the employees are left making up the difference.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Chardon, OH","March 14, 2016","3.0"
"good work place with good management and coworkers","A typical work day involves making and receiving phone call to and from customers who have gotten behind on their payments and need assistance. I review their information for accuracy, update any that might require it. Answer any questions pertaining to the situation, do any research that might be needed and follow up with the customer as well as find a mutual resolution for the customer and the bank. I have obtained better leadership skills,have learned to offer better customer service,to be more engaging, and to have superb attention to detail. We follow a lot of federal and industry guidelines and regulations so attention to detail and confidentiality becomes second nature. Hardest part of the job is dealing with the constant changes on rules/regulations from management that sometimes contradicts its self. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers, supervisors and the satisfaction that you get from knowing that you have helped someone in some aspect and that you have hopefully educated them to some degree.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 13, 2016","4.0"
"High turnover at branch level. Poor training, misleading salary and incentive information.","Careful with accepting offers here. Ask for past history of incentives at branch you will be working at. Very misleading.","Financial Specialist II","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","March 13, 2016","2.0"
"Consuming and ever-changing demands.","For my home life, the 1030am-730pm schedule, 7 days a week is just not practical. The days off change every week, as do the job duties and requirements. I have always been very adaptive to any occupation in my life, however the lack of consistency, and lack of apparent advancement opportunities have me feeling less than motivated to pursue further positions within the company. In addition to these cons, I felt somewhat misled about the job description during the interview process. I made significant sacrifices to accept the position and My direct management, and team members however, are the reason I have stayed on-board and continued to persevere. There are certainly some incredible people that do great work here, however, the business model, and overall job do not bring out the best in me, nor challenge my abilities.","Finance Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","March 11, 2016","3.0"
"Great Work Life Balance","Many opportunities to grow within the bank, while working with experienced and quality people who do not foster a cut-throat environment in the slightest.","Asset Management Group","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 10, 2016","5.0"
"Workplace was in a positive environment, there was activities for employees when they got a little stressed out","A typical work day was going into work at 9:00 am, going into my workspace, logging into my computer, checking my email, also to see if I had to finish any work that was left undone from the previous day. We would attend the daily stand-up meeting, where we would discuss about the work we did yesterday, what we doing today, and is there anything that is preventing us to do our work further. I had a great team to work with, we communicated very well and got along. I enjoyed being a tester, and tested the application till I broke it, I have the tester to break attitude where I would find a bug in the application before the functionality was pushed into the next environment","Mobile Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 10, 2016","4.0"
"Team of Analysts","Structured Team Environment i.e. BA, Developer, Architect, QA Manager and QA Analysts Worked in Agile environment by using 2 week sprints in SIT, UAT with a 3 week sprint with Prod Fix 1 week and Production.","Senior","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 10, 2016","4.0"
"Great company overall","Great company as far as structure goes and making you feel like they care about you individually. The catch though is if you make one small mistake they will not hesitate you let you go.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","March 9, 2016","4.0"
"Productive place to work","Great staff, learned a lot regarding Fair Debt Collections Practices Act (FDPCA). And other Federal programs (ie. HARP), designed to assist homeowners.","Collections Supervisor II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 9, 2016","5.0"
"what I have learnd","I learned the ins and out of refreshing and imagining , reimagining , software deployment and banking system setup for tellers/management.","PC Technician","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","March 9, 2016","5.0"
"nice management, need better pay"," this bank like any other bank provides no work/life balance. Very inflexable. Though it is a large company, there is very little room to move upward in the company. Management positions are held for a very long time, so it only leaves lateral moves with a very small raise if any. Commission for sales could be better to supplement the low pay grades.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Akron, OH","March 7, 2016","2.0"
"Internal channel management in a fast paced, results driven organization","A typical day for me was driving 90% of the time, visiting a select group of retail bank branches to educate branch employees on the features and benefits of this bank Wealth Management. During these conversations, I helped to identify the right customers who could benefit, and provided conversational techniques that could be used to refer branch customers to Wealth Management. Often I made outbound calls directly and met with customers. Throughout my career I created sales training materials that were effective in these activities. In addition, I created reports to measure progress toward sales goals, and analyze bottlenecks in the sales process. These reports tracked the value of the pipeline, number of referrals, and tracked closed sales. My role was to act as a liaison between Wealth Management and the Retail Bank, to resolve issues regarding awarded incentives for closed sales, recognize successes and support the Wealth Management sales team. As the most tenured in my role, I was often called upon to create new processes and train other employees in my similar role. I helped to set sales goals each year. I partnered with Marketing to create and implement sales educational materials that were used companywide, and recommended sales processes and strategies to senior management. This is a fast-paced organization with very aggressive sales goals. High energy, flexible individuals would be the most suitable candidates for employees at this bank."," this bank Wealth Management","Former Employee","Bridgewater and Princeton, NJ","March 7, 2016","5.0"
"Managing"," this bank is a great place to work. I enjoy what the company does for the staff and I love working for the same company for the past 23 years but I am looking for a change to use my Human Resource Degree.","Department Supervisor","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 6, 2016","3.0"
"Work/life is promoted extremely well","The company supports and promotes work life program extremely well. I would recommend employment workiing working mom and single family households.","Sales Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2016","4.0"
"Good","Very professional environment, very competent colleagues, great customers. I learnt a lot about the challenges of working in a retail banking environment. the hardest part of the job is achieving your goals flawlessly. the most enjoyable part is the compensation and interaction with some colleagues.","Banking Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Hillsborough, CA","March 4, 2016","4.0"
"all aspects of the branch","Having good rapport with clients. Doing what is right by the client. Having conversations and knowing my client. Selling of banks products, and finding the client's needs","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","March 4, 2016","4.0"
"Meet the needs of customers.","Universal banker, multitasking between teller, customer service and platform desk on a daily basis. Learned how to cross sell bank products to customers, with the support of management on a daily basis. Co workers were stressed to meet their quarterly goals. Hardest part of job was not being able to move up from current position, after three years of employment.","Branch Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Newfoundland, PA","March 3, 2016","2.0"
"service","the management changed to frequently. and not supported at times, goals were to strong at times even when clientele was very slow.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","March 2, 2016","3.0"
"productivity, fun, friendly enviornment","a typical day at this bank can be very fun and busy as the public can be in and out of the branches. Customers are nice and friendly when coming into the branch to do regular banking transactions, however you can have a few hard customers to work with, The working environment in general is family oriented and enjoyable to be around with the staff, We all help each other out daily.","Teller","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","March 1, 2016","4.0"
"Changing Company","It has been sometime since I worked there so I don't have a lot to contribute. I do like their approach of only to people what they need.","A","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 1, 2016","4.0"
"great team player","helping peers understand day to day tasks. peer assisted coac works well with other team playe able to work in a fast past environment","Investment Servicing Senior","Current Employee","Westboro, MA","March 1, 2016","1.0"
"Not a career","It's an okay job... it's very mind numbing, and the pay isn't that great. You get federal holidays off and sundays which is nice.","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","February 29, 2016","2.0"
"Training was thorough and ongoing","Senior Management assigned new tasks and were very thorough about training. There were tasks that were time sensitive and it was sometimes challenging to work with that time frame","Word Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 29, 2016","5.0"
"its never enough for this bank","pay is bad, work is non stop. have to work 6days straight to get 36 hours. 3-4 hour shifts is a joke in my opinion. Managers are asking to always due more","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Thurmont, MD","February 28, 2016","1.0"
"Would've Rather Sold Myself on Street Corner","This was hands down the worst place I have ever worked at in my life. Employees were angry, unmotivated, complained constantly and were full of drama. The weasly manager was too busy with his thumbs up his rear to care. The work environment is full of hormonal women out to eat each other alive. No breaks were allowed, you had to always come in early and stay late, often were unable to leave for lunch, and deal with angry coworkers and customers. Severely under-staffed, underpaid branch. AVOID.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Bourbonnais, IL","February 25, 2016","1.0"
"Typical Banking Place"," this bank is a good place to break into the banking field. The culture is very conservative where many people hold personal agendas and are uncomfortable with any younger professionals. The work was monotonous. It was not encouraged to investigate new ways to complete items, nor was welcomed to ask 'why?' Management made decisions based on their personal opinion of a person rather than the quality of the work. Dealing with the culture was difficult but I made some of the closest friends I could imagine.","International Trade Service Analyst I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2016","3.0"
"Confused Workers","I was on contract for windows 7 upgrade. The manager in charge had no clue what was going on. He left a contract worker in charge. The main goal was to do minimum work to keep the contract going. I was never given my own credentials to log in to the bank machines. I had to log in with co workers credentials. It seemed like most of the team was faking to make it.","Windows 7 migration team","Former Employee","Cleveland ohio","February 25, 2016","1.0"
"Great job for customer service","If you have ever worked in customer service and sales, this is a great way to get into a M-F, 8-5 type of job. Tellers make a bonus based on referrals for other bank products. Also, for scores based on calls to customers to rate their experience. Nice hours, good pay, great benefits, are a plus!","Teller","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","February 24, 2016","4.0"
"Enjoy working for a corporate company; very fast pace and many changes.","I have been employed with this bank for the past 15 years and throughout my years I had multiple positions within this bank. I began my career with bank N Bank back in 2001 until the merger with this bank NA. I enjoy working at this bank however, I feel its time for a change.","Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 24, 2016","3.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank, is a great company to work for. It has one of the best stock prices for a financial sector for the five years. I have learned a lot about the banking industry while working for this bank for the last eight years. I have also, grown as a person while working there. I was just out of college, when I first started to work for this bank. I was not sure of what I wanted my career to be, but while thinking that I was being promoted almost every year with this bank. I have had a great career thus far, but I would also like to learn more about myself.","AVP","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","February 23, 2016","5.0"
"Customer care rep","I love my job. I connect with customer and coworkers.The most enjoying part about the job is the customer. I love helping them and hearing some of their stories.","Customer care rep","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","5.0"
"Flexible schedules and employee empowerment","All good employees can make a difference in the company. They will give you a lot of responsibility if you request it. Management does listen to how employees believe something can be done better.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","5.0"
"Ok","The company has its struggles in the mortgage department. I believe they can do a better job with associate work life balance.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Miramar, FL","February 23, 2016","3.0"
"bank customer service rep./teller","basic teller duties: wait on customers, process their deposits, withdrawls, selling cashiers checks money orders, travelers checks, gift cards, redeem bonds, and sell bonds. As well as process, balance and fill ATMs, night drop contents, letting customers in safe deposit boxes, answer phones and selling credit cards, loans and deposit accounts. ordering money, receiving shipment of currency and coin. sole control of branch cash including coin and sole control of ATM, night drop, main vault keys and combinations. I wasn't always head and senior teller. it was during my 21 years there at bank N Bank/ this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 23, 2016","4.0"
"Poor direct management","I had to help others on my team with less experience due to our direct managers lack of leadership. I was constantly answering questions of my co-workers which took time away from my responsibilities.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","3.0"
"Productive work environment","From the start of the business day to the close of business there is a constant flow of work production. The ability to multi task is essential. Policy and procedures are updated on a regular basis and one must be able to comprehend and adapt the new policy and procedures into the daily flow of work. The management staff has a open door policy and make it possible for all employees to bring ideas and concerns to the table. Our co workers are not just team members, we are more like family. The hardest part of the day is the day immediate changes must implemented and uncertainty arises but we do have a excellent supporting staff to assists. Team huddles are a enjoyable part of the day. This is when the teams come together and review previous day work numbers and give shout outs and offer encouragement for the day.","Senior Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 22, 2016","4.0"
"its a job","I call attorneys. I train new people. postpone sales. my co workers are great. its hard to move up and make more money. ive learned a lot about mortgages. the dos and don'ts when you are ready for mortgage. ive met great people","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 22, 2016","3.0"
"Overall Good place to work","There was opportunity to grow especially if you are willing to relocate. They have several different locations you can work at in Ohio.","Management Accounting Cost Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 21, 2016","4.0"
"An ok place if you are into sales and a lot of work","Decent place to work, although they are very big on sales and can throw a lot of work and responsibilities at you it's ok. Banking everywhere has changed they expect every customer that walks in to open several bank accounts and at times it can be overwhelming and not realistic. And tend to put a lot of pressure on the employees.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 19, 2016","3.0"
"Great entry level customer service call center position","A typical work day consist of taking anywhere between 60-110 calls per day regarding account products and services. It can be a very stressful environment to work in if you are not use to a high call volume call center. Ive learned there is so much more to banks than checking and savings accounts. Learning how a bank account, loan, mortgage and credit cards actually work is knowledge that you can take with you for the rest of your life.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2016","3.0"
"doesn't pay enough"," this bank overworks and underpays you. Not much room for you to move up and when you do, they try not to increase your salary. The management is also poor.","Funding Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 18, 2016","3.0"
"Small bank branch","Small bank branch and no room for advancement. Co-workers were helpful. Good place as a first job. Was fun working with customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, NJ","February 17, 2016","3.0"
"Good place to work but no tamazing","Good place to work at but not amazing,,,benefits and compensation are pretty much standard ..with the industry not super competitive...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 16, 2016","3.0"
"fun working here","Interesting people to work with.Too much of Hispanic orientation in my branch. this bank need to expand its customer base. Learn t a lot about financing.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","February 16, 2016","4.0"
"Great People","Great Co -Workers, Fast paced working environment. Customer's ar are coming in and would like to be taken care of as quickly as possible with accuracy.","Teller","Current Employee","Dallas, PA","February 15, 2016","4.0"
"Pushes sales over anything else","They claim to be a good company but they push sales so much that all the managers are stressed and upper management is micro managing the banks. I was let go after having no write ups and being with the company for a year and a half. Over a small complaint. They shut down branches left and right and change a branch into 'universal' then let you go if you don't want to work at that branch.","CSA","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","February 13, 2016","1.0"
"Overall bad experience.","The experience was very unpleasant. The salary was poor. There was no real appreciation hard work. I left the company after three years.","Teller I","Former Employee","Whitefish Bay, WI","February 12, 2016","1.0"
"Leader in Banking & Financial Services Industry","There really was no 'typical' day at work. Everyday had a new challenge and lots of variety. The dynamic culture of this company allowed me to develop outstanding customer service skills, learn how to communicate and how to manage & deal with change. Had some co-workers that were eager to learn and others just putting in their time. The hardest part of the job was dealing with the politics of such a huge conglomerate. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting and getting to know my customer base and vendors.","Major Buildings","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2016","3.0"
"Great company, amazing experience","Great company to work and learned new things everyday. Team work is the key and this bank is remarkable. My manager was very supportive learned an experienced so many new things learned how to balance job life and personal life Mixed culture and great environment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Talleyville, DE","February 10, 2016","3.0"
"Job continually changing so every day there's a new way to do your job. Interview was misleading. Earnings exaggerated.","Micromanaged. Seem to view their people more like numbers or sheep that are herdable and dispensable. Regularly under-staffed at all levels. Co. feels bland and hostile. Don't recommend it to anyone.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 9, 2016","1.0"
"RBC Bank was acquired by this bank. Great bank.","Commercial lending position. Cold call, service clients, cross sell, credit underwriting. At that time credit had a local presence.","Commercial Banker","Former Employee","Salem, NC","February 9, 2016","4.0"
"Good company for which to work. Going through some changes but overall a good experience.","Good company for which to work. Going through some changes but overall a good experience. Overall management was good allthough there were a number of reorganizations in the short time I was there. Worked with some very good people","Finance PMO - Project Manager 1","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 9, 2016","4.0"
"Productive place to work at","It's a great place to work, there's still a lot of room for improvement especially in the technology field but it's a bank with great values and a friendly work environment","Regional Operations Coordinator","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","February 9, 2016","4.0"
"I already reviewed this company."," this bank is a large corporation. this bank is spread out throughout the country. There are many opportunities if you want to move out of your state.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","February 8, 2016","4.0"
"stressful sales goals","8 hour or more work days. learned a lot about being a supervisor as back up. management really only looks out for themselves. co workers were good except a few bad apples. hardest part of job were unrealistic expectations. most enjoyable part would be the wonderful client base","Teller II","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","February 6, 2016","2.0"
"Would not recommend working for this bank","They have a survey system in which you need to have a 4.8 to a 5 to be green. If you aren't corporate will not get off your back. You have very little control over what the customers say on these surveys; many times they aren't even rating you as an employee. They are rating the bank as a whole, or a different employee. Some people give all 4's because they don't believe anyone can be perfect and that everyone has room for improvement. It's a rolling score so all 4's will mess you up for the next year. There was a time when my co-worker got a 2.8 because a customer was convinced the upgrade that was done for him was the reason he subsequently had his identity stolen. I had another co-worker get a 2 because our branch wasn't handicap accessible. The comments to these surveys come out a few weeks after the fact and corporate does not care if the bad score you got was not your fault. Completely unfair system, way too much pressure. They continuously punish you and make you feel terrible about your scores if they aren't good even if you try really hard to do well. Corporate spends tons of money on ideas that don't work. When employees give feedback about things not working they do not care, they just say do it anyway which leads to people wasting tons of time trying to make it look like they are using the tools that corporate wants them to even when they aren't because they don't make any sense. They under pay all of their employees The bright spot was that I loved the people in the branch that I worked. We were like a family and we worked together to get the job done. We - more...","Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 4, 2016","1.0"
"One of the better places I've worked for","Schedule and benefits were great. Job was challenging and always changing, but never too hard to finish. Leadership was fun to work for.","FRAUD RESOLUTION SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 4, 2016","4.0"
"Results driven sales enviorment","Analyzing client needs using consultative approach. Full financial management including portfolio, planning, trust, and backing services","Service Coordinator Specialist","Current Employee","Bethesda, MD","February 4, 2016","4.0"
"Teller","General duties included securing the back and processing customers withdrawals and deposits while delivering excellent customer service.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Philadelphia County, PA","February 4, 2016","3.0"
" this bank is a good starter company and is good for people who are looking for a chance at stability.","A typical day at work consist of opening the branch and setting up an interactive activity to attract customers. This position can be a lot of fun if you are grouped with the right set of co- workers. The most enjoyable part of the job is the interactions with customers and being paid to be a part of games from time to time. However, the hardest part of the job is meeting monthly sales goals from time to time.","Bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pasadena, MD","February 3, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","I could not have been happier with my time at this bank Mortgage. It was a great opportunity which I found to be very helpful for my career. Management really strives to be great.","Associate","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 3, 2016","4.0"
"poor leadership manages team with fear","Do not work here. You will be very unhappy. Everyone complains and human resources does not care. It is all about pushing products and never getting praise for what you do. Leaders play favorites and treatment is different for those people.","branch employee","Former Employee","western michigan","February 2, 2016","2.0"
"A decent company"," this bank is a decent company to work for, but they do not pay very well for the amount of work employees are expected to do. It is also difficult to move up depending on which department you are in.","Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2016","3.0"
"Great company","Great working with people & customers. Learned a lot about the Automobile industry. A very rewarding job. Great place to work.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2016","5.0"
"Great working experience","Enjoyed working with people and customers. a typical day at work allowed me to be helpful to customers, Great experience in customer service.","Customer Service Representative III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and very productive team members","I love working here because it is so cool and pleasant place to work with folks, productive environment, fun place, good location","Automation Engineer","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","February 2, 2016","5.0"
"Highly professional enviornment with people willing to help","Work is worship for me. Love TEAM work environment My typical work day is meeting my clients understand their needs and providing solutions and at the same time make sure that I win their trust and confidence. My management and co-workers were superb. Working with clients always enjoyable and never had a negative feeling about my job.","Business Development","Former Employee","Plainsboro, New Jersey","February 1, 2016","5.0"
"Good entry level position.","If you are just starting off this is a good job for you, especially if you are a great salesperson. They don't offer full time positions. They rarely ever promote within. They pay is the lowest in the industry. High sales demand on tellers is stressful. They don't give Christmas bonus, no perks like free lunch or free anything. Management has even suggest that we pay out of our own pocket to buy things for customers to show customer appreciation. They strong arm us to make donations out of our own pocket. Many of the tellers qualify for welfare because of the low wages The healthcare is horrible, prescriptions are not covered. You are only given two personal days per year in the first year, for sick or vacation you only get two days. High turn over rate because the company does not treat it's employees very well would be my guess.","Teller I","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","January 31, 2016","2.0"
"Recently acquired position","The job culture is cool & it's all about learning new products & services. Personally it fits someone who is customer oriented and willing to handle person to person interaction.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 30, 2016","4.0"
"n/A","Not a good environment to work in. Compensation is extremely low compared to other companies with the same duties and responsibilities. Management does not care about the concerns of the employees. No room for financial advancement.","R Advantage team","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 30, 2016","1.0"
"Good Bank to work for I still use them as my bank."," this bank, was a great entry level position into the bigger world of fraud and financial fraud. I learned so much I was able to take financial fraud to tax fraud.","Fraud Analyst","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 29, 2016","5.0"
"Fast Pace","Opened new accounts: saving, checking, and loan manage and operate the teller line. Answer the phones as well as make everyday calls.","Customer service representative","Current Employee","Sellersburg, IN","January 28, 2016","4.0"
"Solid company","It has been to write a review for this company under its present management. I do remember that it was well run and offered long term employment.","Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 28, 2016","5.0"
"great place to get started in sales."," this bank is a good place to get started in sales. They have a great work life balance schedule and many branches to choose from.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 27, 2016","3.0"
"Steady Career"," this bank offers job security but without a degree is very hard to land a promotion. Had bad managers and fantastic managers. Large company with good benefits.","Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company","build lasting relationships with clients, make phone calls, and work with financial partners to provide solutions to financial needs.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Oakwood, OH","January 26, 2016","5.0"
" this bank Executive Assistant","The executive assistant role was a challenge but a welcome one. I enjoyed the fast paced environment. The proactive solution based job was a great fit for me.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 25, 2016","5.0"
"Financial Sales Consultant","Great job, gave me the experience that I needed in sales and customer service. I became very educated in the loan process and all the products available to customers in order to make their financial goals become a reality.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","January 24, 2016","5.0"
"Always seeking room for improvement","Management- A very motivated and dedicated individual who is takes great pride in everything I do. Always willing to learn and work as a team. I am always ready to take on a challenge as well as overcome it -Patience, Respect, Recognition and Fairness. - Talented, and willing to learn and work as a team. - There is no hard part to my job, all challenges turn out to be a life lesson for growth and development - My teams my most enjoyable part of my job as well as my clients","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","January 23, 2016","3.0"
"Very Corporate, difficult to advance","I started working for this bank back in september at the call center. It's a very high stress environment and a lot of broken promises. The management is poor and inexperienced. Management should be required to hold a customer service position for at least 6 months before being awarded a Team Lead position. SO many miscommunications happen on a day-to-day basis, especially when it comes to following company procedures and federal law. Definitely not the best bank to work for, but an ok place to start your career or work at later when you've advanced. Get ready for quick 30 minute lunch breaks and staying at adherence.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2016","3.0"
"Its a bank","Worked in the operations side of the bank and found a lot of long-tenured and heavily entrenched people. Some of whom were great people Be ready to put in your time before efforts are recognized. Advancement and opportunities are heavily dependent on you ability to leverage your network in the compnay","Sr Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 21, 2016","3.0"
"production","A typical day of work include plenty of paper work. The most enjoyable part of the job is having variety duties. The management team worked closely with the staff.","Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 21, 2016","4.0"
"Horrible Company","You do not want to work for this company! You are told one thing during the interview and training process but once you are in your branch, everything you were promised goes right out the window!","Teller","Former Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","January 21, 2016","1.0"
"Challenging work involving multi-tasking","- Typical day at work was reviewing files for document accuracy. - Learned to multi-task several loan systems to process files. - Daily managed and processed 60+ customer files. - Enjoyed my co-workers who all were team players. - The hardest part of the job was keeping up with weekly goals submitted by management. - The most enjoyable part of the job was multi-tasking, calculating document terms and closing out files","Operations Senior Closer","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 21, 2016","3.0"
"fun and loving evironment","many responsibilities from opening the branch to closing the branch. balance your drawer and taking care of copious amount of money.","Teller","Current Employee","Herndon, VA","January 21, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great culture, co-workers were very accomplished and talented Growing too fast and losing sight of individual employees accomplishments.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","January 20, 2016","4.0"
"Supports other organization","A very inviting and well kept place, it's once you're in reality hits. Pay rate do not match work load. Lack of quality control. Inadequate training","Repetitive tasks of data entry","Former Employee","Riverdale, GA","January 20, 2016","1.0"
"Unprofessional workplace","I usually never review anything unless I am extremely satisfied or extremely disappointed. It is very unfortunate to say, that this is by far the worst company I have ever worked for. I have never felt so humiliated, discriminated against, and out of place with any other employer in my past. The lack of open-mindedness and education in the environment are clearly a big issue and greatly contribute to the high level of unprofessionalism observed within the retail banking sector. None of the promises I was made in the beginning of my career ever became a reality, and it did not take long to realize that the only reason I was hired was because they needed bodies, not because they valued my experience, skills, and me as an employee. I am beyond disappointed and would not recommend to anyone with education beyond high school level.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","January 19, 2016","2.0"
"A up and coming banking institution","The goals and strategy of the company are there however the technical aspects such as the systems they use to do your job are lagging. Plenty of opportunity available within this bank.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 18, 2016","3.0"
"Always short on staff which made it impossible to leave on time for family","Typical day at work is from about 8:30am-5:30 or 6pm depending on if fully staffed or not. Hardest part of the job is not able to work freely but being micromanaged. Cannot get more than 10% raise per year, so if you got promoted you are stuck with whatever salary you earned.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","January 18, 2016","3.0"
"Sweat shop","This place demands a lot from the employees and pays absolutely nothing. HR lies about pay to get you in the door. this bank is an outdated lockbox that need to invest better equipment and a better process.","Extractor","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","January 15, 2016","1.0"
"productive work place","great work place with amazing co workers doing the total QA process we learned together working in agile environment with developers","QA Analyst","Former Employee","MD","January 14, 2016","5.0"
"Structure, secure work environment","Surrounded by high-quality talent, which is a great environment for personal development. Talent development processes are robust and detailed. Career progress is ok, Internal mobility program affords great exposure across all- markets.","Corporate Banking Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 13, 2016","4.0"
"Good place to Work","Enjoy working here the pay is great and good benefits and vacation time off. Fast paced environment and must be able to adapt to change.","Consumer Support SPOC Sr","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 13, 2016","4.0"
"fast pace","Teller processing fast paced, check cashing, deposits issue monetary instruments (cashiers checks, money orders etc). Supervise branch team members, maintain branch scheduling, order of branch supply needs.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","January 12, 2016","3.0"
"Fun and exciting experience","Working for this bank allowed me to increase my knowledge on consumer and small business lending. I was also able to learn more about the day to day operations of banks.","Operations Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 12, 2016","5.0"
"na","Why is this bank unable to retain good and dedicated employees? Why does this bank MICO Manage? Why does this bank promote employees that have not social qualities and communication skills?","Business Banking Vice President","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","January 11, 2016","1.0"
"ok","Bank has turned into sales to much. Customers do not like it. I like to make customers happy and want to come back. Not unhappy that they are being harassed for new products every time they come into the bank.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Napoleon, OH","January 11, 2016","3.0"
"Not your ideal teller job","I worked there for three months before they decided to lay me off. First off, the training was not thorough. Second, when I asked for help, I would either get ignored or they would get mad at me. It was underpaid for the work that was required. The management was low and disrespectful. My manager was rude to me in front of clients and would make me look stupid and unqualified for the job. I felt worthless and unappreciated even though I tried my best to enjoy it.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","California, MD","January 11, 2016","2.0"
"try to make a transfer","Design and deploy employee /benefits census report, benefits statements report, enrollment count summary report, billing report and other insurance / payroll file transfer reports by using SSRS and SQL Server 2005 / 2008","Data Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 11, 2016","4.0"
"Good company","I have been at the company over 3 year at a teller . I really have a lot of experience such as how to communicate with clients well and understand the power of team work.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 9, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent environment and great employee benefits","Very professional and took great concern on training their employees so the customers had a great and positive experience.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 8, 2016","5.0"
"Low Pay","The Pay is horrible for the positions. You spend years working your way up and still make nothing compared to other banks.","Detection and Investigation Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","January 8, 2016","3.0"
"bank N Bank, now this bank","Working for this bank, formerly bank N Bank, was enjoyable and provided me with personal and professional growth. Outstanding management and employees. Enjoyed positions both part-time and full-time.","Float Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 8, 2016","5.0"
"Great Workplace!","Great Employer, great staff, great leadership. Love working in the community in which i reside! Ability to excel and move up within the company","Financial Center Manager","Current Employee","New Carlisle, OH","January 7, 2016","5.0"
"Great work/life balance","Great work/life balance. Tremendous peer support and management support as needed. Flexible schedule when required.","Software Engineer","Current Employee","Ohio","January 6, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company","I was sorry to leave them but my family moved to califiornia because my wife got a job out here. There is nothing bad i could say abou them.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Edison, NJ","January 5, 2016","5.0"
"I enjoyed working in the banking enviroment","I started working there when it was bank N Bank in the Sales Department, it later change over to this bank and our Sales Department transferred to the Brecksville location and we worked in the Collections Department.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 5, 2016","4.0"
"Program Development Assistant Manager","Everyday is filled with purpose, productivity and achievement. Working closely with program candidates, Hiring and on boarding journey,project management. Time management can be the most challenging however with organization and great time management.","Development Program Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","January 4, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to start entry level","great place to work. Just sales based mostly. The best training I have had in a long time. You have a chance to move up if you do your job well.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","January 4, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work.","For this bank I assisted with sales of different financial services to provide financial solutions to consumer and business concerns. My time with this bank was a great learning experience with great training from this bank university. It help me learn how to sale with confidence and provide five star customer service. Due to frequent growth in the company it provided new challenges daily requiring me to approach new responsibilities spontaneously. It was a really team oriented work place having to work with my team to deliver quality client experience. Hardest part about the job was management turnover it provided challenges having to learn new ways to adjust to exceptions. The most enjoyable part about my job was building relationships with customers to resolve financial problems. Overall it was a great experience.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Shaker Square, OH","January 4, 2016","4.0"
"Excellent Learning Experience","I was able to obtain and learn a lot of professionalism and customer service from this bank. Day to day was hectic, usually handling about 200 to 300 calls. When promoted to a Tier 2 became more tedious in correcting many mistakes by lower level employees, many stressful calls and constant volume. Very high turn over in employees made it hard to maintain a good culture in the workplace.","Senior Associate Credit Card Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 1, 2016","4.0"
"Terrible Compensation","Sub market compensation strategy. Failed pay for performance implementation. No possibility for financial growth with firm. No bonuses until Vice President level (minimum 5 years), departments limited to 1% annual raise. Don't expect for your salary increases to outstrip inflation until you get pay your 5-10 year of dues to qualify for bonuses.","Lean Deployment Team Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 30, 2015","2.0"
"Poor Management, no room to grow","Job was great, no management, no room to grow. Pushed sales. Management did not address concerns about anything. No one took ownership","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","West Windsor, NJ","December 29, 2015","1.0"
"Great work life balance"," this bank is wonderful with thinking about the company's and employees well- being to be an successful company to work for.","cyustomer care rep","Current Employee","columbus, Ohio","December 28, 2015","5.0"
"Working for this bank","I've been working for this bank for a little over 12 years. I can honestly say that I do not have any negative feedback to report.I come to work daily to a good working atmosphere. At 6 AM I run my daily totals reports. Next I began logging in work for a team of 35 Statement Spreaders, then I log out all of their completed work and finally I take a look at supplies that may e running low and make sure our printers and faxes are working properly. I have a great relationship with my manager and my coworkers. In fact, my manager knows that I am looking for employment outside of this bank because our opportunities for advancement aren't as high as they use to be in previous years. The most enjoyable part of my job is being able to come in at 6 AM because I get to leave at 2:30 PM which lets me schedule all of my appointments for after I leave work. I also enjoy the conversations I have with the diverse people in our group.","Work Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2015","4.0"
"Was a good place to work just very hot","It was a good place to work to start out. I enjoy the people that I worked with. I did learn a lot working there and had the chance to learn how to open accounts and do loans as well as wait on customer at the teller line.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Lavale, MD","December 26, 2015","4.0"
"Friendly Culture","The overall workplace is very nice. Clean environment and supportive management. Colleagues are very friendly and willing to help you. Excellent place to make contacts to move career path internally.","Associate I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 25, 2015","4.0"
"Productive Fast Pace","Good working environmen Fast Pac Learning new actions with every transactio only negative is hard to advance in movement","Teller","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","December 23, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","While working at this bank downtown it was amazing experience. The management was excellent but it was also a fun atmosphere to work for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","December 22, 2015","5.0"
"wouldn't recommend call center every other department I worked in was great","I enjoyed all departments i worked in except the call center. I worked in various departments during my time there. Call center was the most demanding and most stress-full place. Pressure from supervisors and managers was to much along with the customers being nasty and mean.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","December 21, 2015","3.0"
"Great Bank"," this bank is a great company to work for . The WorkPlace Banking department was a wonderful department, they care about you as an employee.","WorkPlace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 21, 2015","4.0"
"Summary","I loved working in a restaurant it was completely different from wjat I had ever done. I had to take orders and prepare food, clean the kitchen keep inventory and ordering train new staff. I enjoyed providing excellent customer service and I had a wonderful management team that I worked for","Teller Representative I","Former Employee","Waldorf, MD","December 20, 2015","5.0"
"Ok position","Management id ok. The work environment is very quiet but weird. There is not much, if any communication between coworkers. Not really a team environment.","Underwriting Analyst - Analyst II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 19, 2015","3.0"
"Focused on Customer Satisfaction","Management was great and gave you credit when you deserved it! The hardest part of the job was dealing with rude and non-compliant customers. I had great co-workers and so my day was always fun and exciting! The hours were great and there was always room to grow in the company.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Lincoln Park, MI","December 18, 2015","5.0"
"Management not very friendly. Could be a good place to work.","There are a lot of managers that are not very nice and do not talk to associates. this bank tries to promote employee engagement but it doesn't go very far when the Management team seems out of touch with the associates. The talent seems to leave either due to the management team or due to compensation.","Finance Project Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 17, 2015","3.0"
"I liked working for the company, but policies need to be reviewed and changed.","I enjoyed working for this bank, I had many customers that are loyal to me Most days at the branch were busy. We have had a lot of change with co-workers. Hardest part of the job was keeping on track and getting customers waited on. I loved my customers.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Brunswick, MD","December 17, 2015","4.0"
"N/a","Not applicable Job Work/Life Balance Not good. Compensation/Benefits. Job Security/Advancement not goo Management not good. Job Culture","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2015","1.0"
"Great Environment","-Cared about the financial well being of its customers. -Worked as a team and our team was unique and very helpful. -Enjoyed talking to customers all over the US","MULTI-CHANNEL OPERATIONS CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2015","3.0"
"Decent place to work","I worked for this bank for three years. Their call center is a great place to work, however, their branches are full of shady politics and unethical practices. I was let go when they found another person that could do my job at 5 branches for $10,000 less per year than what I was making. They let go 9 total people in the area when they closed the branch, and fired all of them before the day before the branch closed so that they could avoid having to pay severance. When we all went to file for unemployment, this bank told unemployment that we were all let go due to insubordination - which unemployment quickly caught on to and made this bank Pay us unemployment. I heard that a few lawsuits were filed, but I did not get involved.","Loan Officer/Account Executive - Pay Rate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2015","3.0"
"Do not work here !!! You will be sorry","This company could care less about its employees .... Not a good place to work if you have bills. I have had a lot of experience and never have had the experience I had working here. Terrible pay, benefits not so great. They offer tuition reimbursement but if you decide to leave (no matter how long you've been there) they want the money back. Way to help your employees !","na","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 15, 2015","1.0"
"Difficult environment with no room for advancement","Harsh, difficult, and cheap environment where pushing EPS is the only goal. No respect for 'back-office' finance workers who ensure governmental guidelines. Inept managers who are not in a position to lead or manage, but simply drive results, whatever the cost.","Senior Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2015","2.0"
"Management","Management for this position wasn't the best. They hired out of the department for supervisor positions which created multiple issues. If you needed explanations on anything you had to bother senior members and interrupt their work as the supervisors had no idea what was going on. Management only knew how to look at charts showing your workload and assign work as needed. Not much help for anything else.","Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2015","3.0"
"Turn over is about 100% in most branches","They sell you on what a great opportunity it is to work there. But then you get there and everyone else is rushing back out the door past you. After a few weeks, you begin to understand why.","Portfolio Manager","Current Employee","Illinois","December 13, 2015","1.0"
"Ok Company, need better pay","Company is ok to work for. The location I worked for was very slow but we still had to have the same amount of referrals as the busy locations. this bank is one of the lowest paying banks in the area. I could have easily went to another big bank and made extra $2 an hour. They have pretty good benefits however and some pretty good incentives.","Teller Rep","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","December 12, 2015","3.0"
"Disappointing management and employee appreciation","The bank is planning on converting to virtual banking despite negative reviews. The plan is to fire employees randomly and reduce the expenses There is no social responsibility in such a management.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 9, 2015","1.0"
"Absolutely great atmosphere to work in and always felt positive once you walked in the door.","Everyone was very positive when they were in the building. The teamwork there was as strong as any team I had ever been a part of. I really enjoyed being there every day and was pushed to be the best I could be at my job by my manager.","Collections","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2015","5.0"
"Constantly striving for improvment"," this bank is willing to try the latest tech and will rethink the wheel - internal processes are always being improved and they listen to frontline employees who suggest solutions.","Client Contact Specialist - Human Resources","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2015","5.0"
"Productive and exellent customer service","A good company to work for . positive and supportive management and colleagues . Training in all areas within the bank are offert and a lot of challenging and exciting projects","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 8, 2015","4.0"
"Professional Environment and Friendly Cowokers","I have not meet a single person at this bank who has not seemed content with their jobs. They are all very friendly and seem to have a good life/work balance. The atmosphere is welcoming and the company seems to value their employees. There is of course a lot of paperwork that needs to get done and the learning curve for their particular way of doing things is very high. There does appear to be some turn over, but it is usually from people leaving for other jobs, from what I can tell.","Business Analyst IT","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 7, 2015","5.0"
"A lot of standing but to be expected as an usher","Worked to greet customers while developing skills in customer service. Showed customers to their seats and dealt accordingly with occurring issues as such.","Usher","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","December 7, 2015","5.0"
"good","This bank was great and had good customer service. A lot of focus was on selling the services providing by the bank. Customers were very pleased and didn't feel pressured.","Teller","Former Employee","Glen Ridge, NJ","December 4, 2015","5.0"
"Great job","Typical day is busy. I have learned so much from dealing with a variety of people to how to do technical work on the computer.","SALES AND SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Barbourville, KY","December 3, 2015","5.0"
"Consistently reinforce growth","Great products and services. Very conservative when approving loans, even for mass affluent. Embrace multiple bank cultures in attempt to find their own persona. Strong family oriented environment.","Universal Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Montclair, NJ","December 2, 2015","5.0"
"Difficult work environment","Job work/Life balance was great. However the location I worked for was not easy. Too many people setting new people for failure. I felt I always had to watch my work. Very stressful.","Sales and Service Specialist Coordinator","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","December 2, 2015","3.0"
"Do not care about employees","When this bank bought bank N Bank it felt as though it were the other way around. bank N Managers wanted nothing more than to get rid of this bank staff and when my daughter became ill and was in the hospital for 4+ months, they struck and I was let go. FMLA did not protect me. My manager was heartless.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kentucky","December 2, 2015","3.0"
"Very Busy","The branch I am located is very busy, you're constantly learning with training, co-workers are great, you deal with a lot of customers on a daily basis sometimes you can only feel you don't even get paid enough. It can be a very stressful job.","Teller","Current Employee","Phillipsburg, NJ","December 2, 2015","4.0"
"Big Bank","As a loan officer at a big bank, my responsibility is to provide services for local branches and self gen business. Pay is fully 100% comission. Management lacks strong leadership skills, is indecisive, and often unwilling to do whatever it takes to close a loan (within regulations).","Loan Officer","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","December 1, 2015","2.0"
" this bank has been the financial institution of choice and provides a rewarding and educational job experience.","The working environment is corporate and yet family friendly at the same time. While the company is large, it is not overwhelming in size and locations in the United States are found within certain pockets along the east coast and southern states. The atmosphere is team oriented and easily adaptable to new employees.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Manasquan, NJ","December 1, 2015","4.0"
"Fun People","Limited Opportunities for growth and development in the field of retail banking, high turn over in staffing. therefore staff lose interest in working for the company","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","December 1, 2015","3.0"
"Cool Idea, Poor execution."," this bank focuses on maintaining a work/life balance and creating an inclusive culture for all employees and customers. However at the branch level this is poorly executed. During my time at this bank I was forced to make 10+ sales calls per day. I was also forced to push product and services on every customer regardless of whether they had a need or not. Best part of the job was commiserating with my coworkers. Also formed a special connection with a few customers.","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","West Michigan","November 30, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","Great job to work for, no plans on living just trying to find another job to supplement my income and that is compatible with the hours I am already working here at this bank","Customer Care Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","November 30, 2015","5.0"
"Great"," this bank is a great company to work for. I would encourage anyone looking to get into retail banking to consider applying. I learned a lot about finances and lending.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","November 30, 2015","5.0"
"I actually liked my position!!","Until this point I've never worked in a call center!!!!! Its definitely a lot of information to cover but once you get a handle on how things work its a piece of cake. you get incentive for quality calls and schedule adherence and paid holidays :-) However my current schedule just isn't conducive to my family life","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","November 24, 2015","3.0"
" this bank review"," this bank October 2014 – Sept 2015. Customer Service Associate. • Consult with customers utilize conversation to determine financial requirement • Based upon conversation open necessary accounts and financial products; checking/savings accounts, loans, cd's, etc. • Assist customers with necessary daily transactions. • Determine opportunities for accelerated referrals to other sales departments; mortgages, annuities, and other investments. • Accurately maintain vault cashbox, branch ATM and personal cashbox","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Avon Lake, OH","November 24, 2015","5.0"
"fun place to work","As in any job, management needs improvement. Lots of contests, overtime, bonuses, perks, etc. Good work-life balance. Could use more professionalism.","Sales Agent","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","November 24, 2015","4.0"
"Terrible place","I worked at this bank For 2 years tho it had its good times there was far less of them then bad times. First they train you that this bank is all about its employees and they care about you. It's a lie they care about you if your not a teller. Second sales oriented ok I understand all companies are about making money but at a bank you always see the same people so it's frustrating when you shove credit cards down the throats of the same people every week then when the customer flips out on you for annoying them it's your fault for not positioning the 'conversation' correctly. Third the amount your salary is at this bank is peanuts for the amount of stuff your required to do. And if you end up in the Lehigh valley region in pa your job is threated daily if your not performing to expectations. The amount of stress I endured working there cause me to develop medical issues that I now take pills to prevent. And the high deductibles from there insurance plans didn't make it easy for me to get medical attention for the issues developing from the stress. So all and all my experiences at this bank where terrible the only good thing was I was traveling 5 miles to work.","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","Lehigh Valley, PA","November 24, 2015","1.0"
" this bank","Benefits are ok- only high deductible health plans available. There are lots of opportunities to move into other positions. Vacation and work from home are good in most areas of the company","Human Resources","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 22, 2015","3.0"
" this bank Financial Sales Consultant","A typical day entailed helping customers with deposits, withdrawals, transfer funds or purchase cashier checks, solve any bank account problems. Worked in an in-store branch going into aisles to talk to customers to inform them about bank promotions and/or bank products. Learned how to handle customers in a positive, constructive manner. Was a team player and enjoyed working in a positive, flexible, cooperative friendly environment. Hardest part of job was staying calm while handling customers that were upset, irate or rude. Most enjoyable part of the job was helping customers find the right products that fit their needs, knowing customers left branch satisfied with my customer service,","Bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","November 21, 2015","4.0"
"great customers and staff","for many years was a fun and rewarding place to work. they gave each employee the opportunity to advance withon the company","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Loves Park, IL","November 20, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to work but limited opportunity for growth"," this bank is a productive and fun place to work with limited opportunity for growth. I loved my co workers and the work but felt I was stuck and felt unfulfilled.","Income Work Lead II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 19, 2015","3.0"
"Fun place to work with","Great place to work. I was able to advance fairly quickly but also had to work very hard. Knowing that work hard=play hard. I can consider being here for may years.","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","November 19, 2015","5.0"
"Great company","Great company with a lot of growth potential. If you are willing to apply yourself and commit to the company's values. These is plenty of growth in a short period of time with this company","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","November 18, 2015","5.0"
"Productive & Fun","Very corporate, so at times can become impersonal. Great people. Great Wealth Management philosophy. Team approach. Time off is split into different buckets that can make it difficult to take.","Sales and Service Specialist","Current Employee","Fort","November 18, 2015","4.0"
"Rm","Soliciting new clients for the Bank growing assets and liabilities together with non-interest income in categories including leasing, term and revolving debt, employee benefits, retirement plans, merchant services, etc.","Vice President","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 18, 2015","4.0"
")",")))))))))))))))))) None )))))))))))))))))))) Lousy working to life balance. Income ratio is well off base for job descriptions. I have no further comments on this horrible company.","None","Current Employee","None","November 18, 2015","2.0"
"Great Entry Position","Top Management and work culture. Easy to find mentors and amazing employee benefits and retirement plans. The opportunities to grow internally may come with challenge. The technology and training programs available are the best and you can tell JPM made a strong commitment and investment to their training and recruiting.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Mahwah, NJ","November 17, 2015","5.0"
"Functions and process seem to change daily","Great management and team, however I need something more flexible which will provide a better home/ work balance and less commute.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 16, 2015","3.0"
"Nice work environment, good co-workers","My typical day at this bank would include checking email, pulling investment review information, pulling investment performance information. We have several different programs that we use and I have thorough of all I am also responsible for investment compliance reviews and work directly with the investment advisor's to ensure all compliance issues have been discussed and resolved.","Service Coordinator","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","November 16, 2015","4.0"
"Productive work environment with excellent retirement benefits","As a Senior Documentation Administrator I was responsible for validating the receipt of and filing commercial loan documentation. I serviced our internal and external partners across various lines of business by fulfilling copy requests, validation of original documents, file pulls and processing the temporary release of files to the Asset Resolution Team and this bank legal. Additional responsibilities included imaging and data entry of commercial loan documents. These functions were performed using a variety of systems. Extremely rigid accountability standards made it difficult to work under pressure to meet daily service levels and deadlines. As a strong team player, I found the most enjoyable part of the job was establishing a level of trust among teammates while forming lasting relationships.","Senior Documentation Administrator","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 16, 2015","3.0"
"FInacial Sales Consultant","I was the 'face of this bank' at one of our several retail banking branches located within a supermarket. I report to the Branch Manager and Regional Manger as well as our Sales Support and Service Manager. Combining strong service skills and sales initiative to create new customer relationships and retaining existing ones within a retail-based market and sales-focused professional environment. This is the worst job I have ever had. The management did not provide proper guidance, They did not have and support for their personnel. I would never recommend anyone working for them.","Financial Sales Consultsnt","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 16, 2015","1.0"
"great place and people","best people very nice and fun to work with and to work for,they cared about you and the work that they did. they would go out of their way to do extra for those that needed it. every customer was treated with respect.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Lewis Center, OH","November 16, 2015","2.0"
"extremely low pay, horrible management,no advancement for 'minorities'","The company does not pay a living wage ( check Salaries for yourself before applying) . Lots of hard work for not much compensation. Company promoted an unqualified minority to keep from having an all white management staff . Not a good company for minorities especially African Americans.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2015","2.0"
"super","its very nice to work there ,i got chance to learn so much.got to work with so wonderful people.super management,project was so exciting and challenging.","Sr QA Analyst","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","November 14, 2015","5.0"
"Bank Teller","Bank Teller, I liked working with the numbers, my co-workers were nice to work with, but the sales part of the job was not for me. I prefer a more active job.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Camp Hill, Pa","November 14, 2015","3.0"
"Outstanding reputation for products and services. Wonderful, hardworking, and experienced technology and business departments","Management and staff are dedicated to providing technology solutions to external customers, to our internal business teams, and to our operations team. All of these internal areas are also devoted to excellence for our customers. We, in the systems development area, have a very cooperative environment among other our partner teams in technology infrastructure, application development, product management and operations. This partnership enables us to deliver products and services with robust features and high availability to millions of customers.","Senior Systems DIrector","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 13, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","I have had a long career with this bank, they treat you fairly and work hard to help you advance. they focus on engaging the employees","Business Acceptance Tester","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 12, 2015","5.0"
"Employees knowledgable and experienced","Independent consultant. Work was out of town 100%. Greatly enjoyed and respect coworkers. The hardest part of the job was starting a major clean up project. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing the benefits of completing the cleanup project","Engaged as a consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 11, 2015","4.0"
"Best Company","Worked here for 4 years. Management and company as a whole cared about their employees. Growth opportunities available. Had to leave because I moved. Wish I had not done that.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","November 11, 2015","5.0"
"Productive and informative","Provided a good learning experience, and opportunity to grow. It was fun and great. I had the opportunity to issue advisement on legal issues.","Administrative Trust Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2015","4.0"
"Sr. Mortgage Processor","You the closers job and LO's job. You are not compensated for your hard work. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE YOU DREAM TO WORK FOR. Management does not know their right shoulder from their left. With TRID being implemented due to government regulations it makes it hard to get accurate policies and information.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 11, 2015","1.0"
"good place to work","good benefit, good place of employment. lots of opportunity to grow. backup to team leader, trained co-worker and new hires","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 10, 2015","5.0"
"Fun Job. Great experience","The job is great. Working In-store is much better than working in a traditional branch. My coworkers are amazing. The hardest part of the job is dealing with angry customers.. and sometimes having to meet your goals.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Somerset, NJ","November 10, 2015","3.0"
"Great people and culture. Excellent work/life balance.","Training, communication and support were beyond expectations during a challenging acquisition.Corporate banking development program. Training provided. Promotion depending on the team, market, business environment. Best opportunity is in the Midwest.","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","November 10, 2015","4.0"
"Very professional","I am not leaving this bank for any negative reasons, they have displaced about 50 employees telling us it is a business decision. Overall a good place to work.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 10, 2015","3.0"
