"Good","Very tight team. Boss gives you daily action plans. Every week sale goals meeting. Small work place. Workers clean ban Health Care very cheap","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","July 19, 2016","5.0"
"You get to know a lot of people"," this bank was a good bank to work for until they bought all these banks and know they are getting to big for themselves. My co workers are nice and everybody gets along.","BSSA","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","July 19, 2016","3.0"
"Busy Banking Office","Working 14 years in Banking it is changing. My roles are: ~greeting and processing up to 4 lanes of vehicles. ~answering phone lines. ~customer service. ~handling cash & vault. ~handling any complaints and taking ownership and getting them resolved. ~making sure all data in computer is accurate. ~doing on line training courses. ~scheduling appointments for customers for account reviews. Working in the Drive Thru is challenging every day, you are by yourself & you need to use your best judgement on handling certain situations or call management for further assistance.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Otsego, MI","July 18, 2016","4.0"
"Busy/Stressful, but good culture.","Great company and culture. Benefits are pretty good if you take advantage of what is offered. Work load is high and pace of everything is fast. A lot of turnover/transition can further heighten stress.","Business Information Security Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 18, 2016","4.0"
"Good bank to work for","much better than the other bigger banks, in SoFla where they are building market share the company culture is great, a lot less pressure than other major players.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301","July 17, 2016","5.0"
"Poor Management, Unreal Expectations, Poor Pay, Lack of concern for employees","It was a good job to work at to get a start at first, but I am extremely looking forward to moving on to a different career.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","La Grange, KY","July 16, 2016","2.0"
"Great Place to Work","I greatly enjoyed working at this bank for all of these years. I would still be there if it was not that I had to move back to Alabama. While there I was able to gain many relevant skills that afforded me to be very successful as a Branch Manager, Team Leader, Partner, Trainer and most importantly a Positive, Supportive, Encouraging TEAM MEMBER!","Business Banker","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","July 16, 2016","5.0"
"Fun place,work life balance,","I love my job and assisting the customer with financial freedom. I enjoy coming into work with an amazing supervisor and co-workers. this bank offers a strong sense of work-life balance and accommodating work environment","Core Consultant II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 15, 2016","5.0"
"Negative environment and poor management","I worked for this company a short time,but it didn't take long to realize I made a mistake. The training is long and pointless.The pay is the lowest no matter what position you have and the benefits aren't good either. The branch I worked in was so unorganized and stressful. Most were catty,unprofessional and not trained well to manage anything.I'm not surprised they have so much turn over within the company. If only we could pick the people we work with. don't waste your time!!","BSSR","Former Employee","North Carolina","July 14, 2016","1.0"
"Sub par Retail Bank"," this bank is not the ideal to place to work in retail banking. Systems are very out of date and management is very old school and not current.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Burbank, IL","July 14, 2016","2.0"
"Ping Pong is Amazing - Career is horrible in IT space","Talking about losely coupled management styles with highly muddy politics with no professional advancement. Management is hired and fired without professional issues and Managers are lobbying immature management styles with Group Directors and Co-Managers to budget a project without professional management experience. Interested to grow professional career not an intuitive place to start or consider","IT Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 14, 2016","1.0"
"Standard Bank Culture","As I have worked for several banks the typical day and operations are generally the same. A much stronger push has been placed on the sales and management staff to drive more business into the door via a focused calling effort.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Westerville Ohio","July 14, 2016","3.0"
"Stable Company","Management for the most part is supportive and helpful. Any job pertaining to a customer's money can make it trying at times. Benefits and 401k are good.","Financial Representative","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","July 14, 2016","4.0"
"Good Team","Very supportive Team and nice to work at this bank, Learnt many things from mistakes. I got very good support from my superiors even in tough times","Programmer Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2016","5.0"
"hostile work environment","Unfortunately my experience at this company was not all positive. This was mainly due to the hostile work environment and the constant management changes.","Senior Investment Advisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 12, 2016","2.0"
"co workers were extremely helpful","I had gotten the opportunity to listen in on the more experienced co workers with the customers. I learned a tremendous amount of not only customer service but, seeking the best for the customer. Hardest part of the job was i felt as if i was pushing product onto the customer more than seeking what best to fit there needs..","Outbound Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 11, 2016","4.0"
"It is a place of work","Mostly taking care of transaction I have learned a lot since I have started working there. Could be better. Easy going, and very helpful. Having no breaks. Having coworkers I can count on"," this bank Teller","Current Employee","Ellicott City, MD 21043","July 10, 2016","2.0"
"Great people and work culture.","Great place to work as provides balance of work and personal life.Has wonderful and helpful people .No racism observed by me during my work period and people respect cultural differences.,has diverse workforce where people have tolerance and resspect for differences.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2016","5.0"
"Promotes professional growth","On a daily basis, there is a strong management team and support that allows for a level of employment that is both satisfying and engaging.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 9, 2016","4.0"
"Below Average Salary","Great work life balance, and you can work from home a couple of days a week if you work in certain departments. However their compensation for tech workers is pretty low.","Software Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2016","3.0"
"ok","Come into work assist clients with any inquires on account. Check emails for follow ups with clients. Use leads as leverage to help drive revenue for yourself as well as the bank. Management can be very helpful at times. Co- workers are great. Hardest part of the job can be falling short of sales and trying to get back on pace, especially if traffic is slow. Most enjoyable part is when you assist a client and they walk out feeling great.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New York, NY","July 8, 2016","3.0"
"Great team","The most enjoyable part of the job was working with an amazing team. Everyone worked really well together and worked really hard to deliver the best customer service possible.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Saint Cloud, FL","July 7, 2016","5.0"
"job description","I worked in the Lock box/ customer service area for 20 year we processed customers cancelled checks and mailed them on on a monthly basis. I handled scheduling of the shifts ,ordering of supplies, as well as phone calls .The location was very close to my home I loved it but the company was relocated","Customer Service Coordinator","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 7, 2016","5.0"
" this bank all the way!","Great company to work. True genuine people you'll meet. Opportunity for advancement. Great work-life balance. Couldn't work for a better company. Only downside is the pay isn't competitive","Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 6, 2016","5.0"
"challenging","asset based lending is always challenging and rewarding. No two days are the same. Multicurrency is added a special twist to lending in abl","Operations Manager Vice President","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","July 6, 2016","4.0"
"N/a","Great benefits and decent pay; worked in mortgage services assisting homeowners w/insurance, billing, taxes and claims","Customer Service - Mortgage Holder Assistance","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 6, 2016","4.0"
"Better Days","Depends on location and position but overall the company is okay... The mobility could be better and the 'competitive packages' were lacking a bit.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Delaware","July 5, 2016","3.0"
"Good Place to Work","A lot was learned at this bank. Management was good. Co-workers were excellent and were a place to go to help when needed. The hardest part of the job was managing numerous problems at once. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing a successful end result.","Senior Asset Resolution Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 5, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company","Worked for this bank for 3 years and was very happy during my time there. The company has great management and company culture with good opportunities to advance. Also, the incentive plan was competitive relative to peer banks.","Business Specialist","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","July 4, 2016","5.0"
"Great","Great time. Great people. Great leadership. Great working environment in my opion. Think it was awsome I would go back if offered.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 4, 2016","4.0"
" this bank review","There is a lot of multi-tasking for various loan jobs. Management and co-workers are excellent, helpful and we get along very well.","Loan Processing Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 4, 2016","4.0"
"Great Networking Opportunity","• Consult with clients and conducted comprehensive portfolio analysis to provide tailored financial solutions to business owners with complex financial needs. • Analyze investment requirement and maintain effective communication with clients. • Maintain client relationships to provide enhancement to various referral programs","Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Virginia","July 3, 2016","3.0"
"Productive, great co-workers","Answering phone calls from internal lines of business to help with customer requests/issues. Processing functions around customer profiles- updating accts, addresses, phone numbers, etc. I have a high productivity rate The hardest part of the job being idle for long periods of time. While this is the hardest part it is by far hard to do The most enjoyable is the schedule of hours co-workers, and sense of accomplishment in helping customers.","Data Entry Operator","Current Employee","Bay City, MI","July 3, 2016","4.0"
"A big company"," this bank was a nice place to work. The customer's are great and the company focuses on knowing them by name and making them feel special.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","July 1, 2016","4.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for overall"," this bank is a great company to work for although internal opportunities for specialization and advancement are few and far between. Comp plan is more than sufficient. Leadership overall is strong with some exceptions. Hardest part of the job is the not so great technology at this bank and typical big bank bureaucracy. The most enjoyable part of my job is helping my clients and working in a true team atmosphere.","Banker","Current Employee","United States","July 1, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced corporate environment","*Accountable for over 50 different client bank accounts in 1 day. *Learned how to accurately upkeep standards of Healthcare Advocate accounts. *Worked directly with management to ensure quality and daily quotas were met","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","June 29, 2016","3.0"
"Learning and applying new technology","I was able to work with different equipment and learn it pretty quickly learning the new equipment was very interesting and I was determined to be great at it.","Customer service Representative","Former Employee","Mt. Clemens, MI","June 29, 2016","5.0"
"Best Job I've Had","Working for this bank has been by far the most rewarding job I've ever had. Great hours, along with management that takes an interest in your advancement and a fairly generous bonus structure, makes it a great place to get your feet wet in the world of finance and banking. The one thing that I could ask for is greater compensation. The quarterly bonuses are great but hourly it is a little lacking. The most rewarding part of this bank has been dealing with customers face to face and getting to help them personally improve their financial well being.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 29, 2016","4.0"
"Not What I Thought!","I was surprised that the management was not helpful. New employees were not trained by management. New Employees forced to sink or swim. Turnover rate was extremely high!!! Not a good experience with this employer.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Belleville, IL","June 29, 2016","2.0"
"rude staff","Staff is rude, no advancements, never get days off, I felt used and never appreciated. They also make you feel unintelligent.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","De Soto, MO","June 28, 2016","2.0"
"Good place to get started","The company is a good place to get started. Below local competitor's pay but, has stronger on the job training. A tall reporting structure Coworkers are nice, it is a fast paced environment. Currently a lot of turnover due to pay.","Sr","Current Employee","MD","June 28, 2016","3.0"
"Management did not exist","There was very little chance of advancement. Actions by management left employees feeling distrust towards management.","Branch Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Linesville, PA","June 28, 2016","3.0"
"N/a","I like the M-F and decent hours, having the weekends off here also, but again the job security could have been a little more promising.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","June 28, 2016","5.0"
"It's a great company to work at","It's a great company to work at. Great professionals managers to work with, learn from and help you develop your career.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","June 27, 2016","4.0"
"A very good Place to work","I loved working In this bank. Its avery good place to work. Coworkers are awesome. Technical support center and resources are amazing. I have learned lots of awesome thing from the diverse work culture of this bank","Automation Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 27, 2016","5.0"
"Job made decent money, and is a good place to start in your career.","This is not a good place to stay, but if you can succeed through a year or so and then move to a better job then you are golden.","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Spotsylvania, VA","June 26, 2016","4.0"
"Finacial Institution","Great Financial Institution for clients not so great fro employees. There is no job work life balance nor support for career advancement.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Greenbelt, MD","June 25, 2016","2.0"
"Close to my house","Not much growth opportunities. There are positions available but they would rather hire outside than promote from within","Relationship Manager II","Current Employee","Fairfax, VA","June 23, 2016","4.0"
"Horrible management, decent pay","Management is incompetent and lazy. Processes and procedures were poorly managed and each department within the company reflected this. I would never refinance or originate a mortgage with this company after experiencing first hand the lack of integrity they posses. Pay was okay however, there is no stability. Constant revolving door of hire and fire.","CSR - Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 23, 2016","3.0"
"Shrinking Opportunities","Company went from loose and fun environment to overbearingly corporate. Trying to imitate 'the Chase way' and causing increasing stress on loan officers and management. Management is increasingly pressured to push above and beyond compliance measures. Even so, company was completely unprepared for the advent of TRID regulations. No real plan in place for consumer direct lending when the HARP program expires at end of 2016. My direct reporting manager was fair and friendly, but other two managers were poor fits. One was not prepared to lead a team, the other let personal feelings and perceived threats to his reputation impede his managing.","Registered Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 23, 2016","3.0"
"Fun Workplace","Had nice time with my colleagues, It was a fun working environment.Less stressful than other bank, they are more focused in Gallup rather than sales.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, NJ","June 23, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company who cares about employees but low pay","Compared to our competitors this bank pays on the lower end of the scale, however within recent months a motion has been passed to make pay more competitive to reduce loss of employees to other companies. Slowly were getting there. Overall I love working for this bank, the benefits are average as far as medical, dental, vision; but they do offer a great 401k match, company paid employee life insurance and tons of training and workshops for advancement.","Personal Banker II","Current Employee","Plainwell, MI","June 23, 2016","4.0"
"I enjoyed the annual fitness challenges","On an average I rated this bank with 4 out ot 5 stars in most catagories. I really enjoyhed the Fitness Challenges and always look forward to the Meetings with the bank's CEO.","Senior Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 22, 2016","4.0"
"Place to work","The schedule is pretty solid knowing exactly when you'll be working and what time you get off is a plus. Always 40 hours. One hour lunch is always a plus however is not paid for(not that I expect it to be). Paid holidays and sick days. The only thing is that working here is not compatible with someone living on their own especially supporting children. The company expects to receive more than what they put out. If you want your employees to be the best you need to have something to put out, to motivate them. Health benefits are ridiculous, very expensive. There is no room for advancement and if there is any it is extremely hard to reach. They tend to hire from outside rather than promote from within. Getting a raise is extremely difficult and starting pay is not well.","CSA","Current Employee","Orlando","June 22, 2016","3.0"
"Horrible careless management","This place is a joke a cult driven nut house they pass off work and play mind games. They mob you in interviews and intimidate you.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 21, 2016","1.0"
"Great Company and Great Employees","It's a great bank to work for. Everyone is very helpful and nice. There isn't much upward or horizontal mobility within the business. Found it hard to move to different areas","Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 20, 2016","4.0"
"Retail Banking","You are a retail banker, which means you are there to push products and give quality customer service so your location can get compensation for it. Work load is very light and the opportunity to advance is very high if you are willing to work for it.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 17, 2016","3.0"
"fun place to work","love my co workers. all of the managers are pretty good to work with. i learned a lot of info that i didn't know prior to the job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 16, 2016","4.0"
"I liked it","It was time for a change, I loved the company, I loved my manager, there is a lack of growth in the company, you can go very far in a few years, I feel like they treat everybody the same, when there are others who deserve a lot more than what they receive","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 14, 2016","3.0"
"Awesome Career","Make it the best you can I loved my time here at this bank I just wish they would paymore money they pay a little under the market","Branch Manager AVP","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","June 14, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","I have really enjoyed my time at this bank. I have been able to learn a lot and move up within the company. However, when I graduated from law school they were unable to find a position for me in the company.","Default Specialist III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2016","5.0"
"Good Experience","I love working for the company however the compensation is not quite where I wish it were. Great advancement opportunities to broaden your experience but no real shift in salary. I have a great manager, but I do believe this aspect could really make or break your experience.","Financial Services Representative 111","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2016","4.0"
"Unstable and Unfocused","The potential at the branch level is immense. However the structure of the organization provided more obstacles than opportunities.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Eatontown, NJ","June 10, 2016","2.0"
"productive and fun working place","working with coordination and helping each other to accomplish the task going on in the company plan. plus creating conducive environment in the work plac thanks","Network Admin","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","June 10, 2016","5.0"
"Productive workplace, talented co-workers","I enjoyed working at this bank, everyone on the team was focused on delivering the highest quality service/product in a respectful working atmosphere.","Business Analyst - Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 9, 2016","5.0"
"need to be self- starter","The management seems to be very negative.Training platform was very poorly setup. Without support from our managers it was hard to succeed.","Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 8, 2016","3.0"
"Great benefits-harsh management","Great benefits but management expected too much from employees with very little pay. 401k and pension are provided as well as great benefits for working mothers","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","June 8, 2016","4.0"
"Many issues within this bank"," this bank...antiquated systems that leave their employees high and dry, upper management constantly changing, one conference call after another, just chasing numbers to make them look good, new incentive structure lessen payouts with more production. Not the client centric bank it originated from due to chasing stock price of 100$ per share. Every change that came down the river was a negative one towards ground level employees in the branches/call centers, which was very often because I feel this bank is trying to find their identity in the retail banking world. Regional national trying to be a Wells Fargo with Bill Gates Dos operating systems, Don't waste your time if your smart, people person, and have a mind of your own, because you will be formed into a corporate robot within the first 90 days.","Sr Branch Manager II","Current Employee","PA","June 6, 2016","2.0"
"Employee appreciation week is very nice","I have had the opportunity to learn about the post default and property preservation; the hardest part of the job is the increase work and less help","Late Stage Support Specialist Senior","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 6, 2016","3.0"
"Productive work environment","A productive work environment. A friendly team. A wonderful service. Easily maintianable balance between work and general life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 4, 2016","4.0"
"Experienced customer service associate","Polished, professional customer service rep offering: 10 years of experience providing customer support in busy call center environments for financial service industry employers. An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty. Strategic-relationship/partnership-building skills -- listen attentively, solve problems creatively, and use tact and diplomacy to find common ground and achieve win-win outcomes.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2016","3.0"
"Love this bank","I absolutely loved working for this bank. The company really values it's employment and the personal and professional growth of their employees. Due to the high value of the employees, it shows through to the customers so that the customers feel valued as well. I only left because they couldn't accommodate my school schedule at the time. I would love to go back to the company in a corporate perspective because I was just a teller.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 2, 2016","5.0"
"Good work/life balance. Emphasis on relationship with clients and their financial well-being.","Client-centered company, truly concerned about clients' well-being. Benefits are good, work/life balance excellent. Good working conditions, great fiscal policies.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","June 1, 2016","3.0"
"Great work-life balance, less than median pay","People and culture are great. Very collaborative and helpful. Typically a bit lower paid than other institutions. The bank has a very flexible work-life balance that allows the vast majority of employees work from home if they wish. I would recommend working here.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Houston, TX","June 1, 2016","5.0"
"Part Time Teller Indianapolis","I am a part time teller. I work 26 hours per week. I love my job and management team. The Management Team will back you up and we are like family. My co-workers are great. We always have each other and we work as a team. I have really learned banking skills to make me successful. The most enjoyable part of my job is my this bank. family at work. I love my job and I love the customers who make my job so enjoyable.","Part time Teller 26 hours","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 1, 2016","5.0"
"Strong Work Culture, but....","Enjoyed the relationship with my peers, however it felt very segregated between teams. Managers often felt too superior and spent much time on personal work. I can vouch for it, because I sat next to my team lead and she was taking personal calls all day for her other job.","Business Banking Service Specialist - Tier II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 31, 2016","3.0"
"good pay","the pay is fine the people are nice and it is a good place to work I love this bank with all of my heart positive review from this chick here woop woop","CREDIT CARD SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","May 31, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","its a great place to work, benefits are good and diversity at workplace is excellent, co-worker definitely the best part of my day. the most enjoyable part of my day is that I can be myself , management is a part that I have a lot of respect for the support given through the years.","Bilingual Loan Processor","Current Employee","pittsbugh","May 30, 2016","4.0"
"Great company but job security is becoming an issue","Opportunity for growth is very evident. Diversity throughout the company is encouraging. Job security not as strong as it has been in the past with recent layoffs","Call Quality Coach","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 30, 2016","4.0"
"Great company","Great company with several opportunities for advancement. great for someone who is new to banking to gain experience in different lines of business, as they are all frequently looking for candidates.","Fraud and Loss Analyst I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 30, 2016","5.0"
"Great company up North.","Due to low market share in the south, the company is still trying to figure out the south which makes for very pressured environment.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","May 28, 2016","2.0"
"Waste of time","You will be humiliated working at this bank. There's not enough training in the world for all the inconsistent training and changes they make daily. Wish I never fell for the positive and enthusiastic smiles and comments. They played me well.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","May 26, 2016","2.0"
"Management needs work","management is always changing. Someone needs to figure out why we keep changing people around. It was good company to work with but everyone is micromanaged all the time.","Branch Operations Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 26, 2016","3.0"
"Dream Job","I love my job and my coworkers. Great opportunity for development that provides a great quality of life. I would love to retire at this bank but I also would like to move to another state. I hope this bank moves to the state that I would like to move to.","Analyst II","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","May 25, 2016","4.0"
"Nice place to work","It's a nice bank to work for. They are more relaxed than their competitors. Managers are nice and willing to help. I enjoyed all the perks and benefits as well.","FINANCIAL SERVICES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 23, 2016","4.0"
"Great Co-Workers, and I love the Job"," this bank has been a great company to work for however I cannot reapply into the company with in the first year and I believe our branch will be closing due to low customer usage. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this company.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Vicksburg, MI","May 23, 2016","4.0"
"Loveable Enviroment."," this bank was a nice job, the only issue I have is with they policies and procedures of running the banking business. My job was to help customers around not only their bank accounts, but also credit cards, online banking, mortgage and loans.","Customer care Specialist III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2016","5.0"
"Life at this bank","I managed 5 people on the teller line. I would start at 8 am and review the ATM cash balance and adjust accordingly. I would complete schedules for the tellers. I would also complete the training for new tellers which began at corporate in a classroom environment. I was in charge of all the operations in the branch which included ordering cash and cash supplies, rectifying customer issues, completing weekly schedules, and balancing the branch's on hand cash. When one of the teller's vaults came up short $20,000, a full investigation proceeded from which management decided that I was not trained well enough for my job and I was demoted to a teller. At that point, I wasn't making enough money to live and I had to leave. I enjoyed seeing the same customers and developing a good relationship with them. I didn't enjoy seeing the deceit among employees which included suspicion or thievery as well as jealousy of pay grade and positions in the company.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","May 19, 2016","4.0"
"Productive","Great Place to work, normal day @ work would just be busy as always.We learn something different everyday. Management is good to work with.My co-worker are the best.","TRADE SERVICES ANALYST","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","May 18, 2016","5.0"
"Great opportunity and challenges along the way","For those willing to relocate, there are plenty of opportunities for advancement throughout the company. This company focuses on customer faced interactions and encourages conversations and outside promotion. Compensation is good for those with experience and quarterly incentives are obtainable if you work for it.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 18, 2016","4.0"
"Positive work experience","Over all, a good place to work. If you have tough skin and can take verbal abuse from immature customers, this is a good place to earn some paper. Must be a good researcher and problem solver, because the training provided is seriously lacking. On the other hand, upward mobility is always possible if you tough it out and adapt quickly.","Bilingual Retail Escalation Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 17, 2016","4.0"
"Fast Paced","I worked as a call center representative in it's member services department. I spent most of my days on the phone speaking and assisting customers.","CALL CENTER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 17, 2016","3.0"
"Flexible yet challenging","Work on many different tasks with colleagues from different backgrounds. Opportunity to lead and take initiative. Flexible work arrangements after earning management trust.","AML Compliance Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 17, 2016","4.0"
"Average place to work for","A typical day would consist of 'morning huddles' that would consists of everyone's daily goals and additional comments on how we would achieve our individual goals. The branch needs to meet a certain quota every day in order to maintain success - which was difficult depending on your tea. Management was always very helpful and willing to assist their employees whenever needed. Depends on which branch you are work for the employees are hit or miss, but for the most part they're enjoyable and somewhat helpful. Hardest part: on boarding experience, if you're new to the banking industry it makes it difficult to meet the sales goals at first (but i believe that is true to most sales roles) Most enjoyable: meeting new people and helping them achieve their financial goals","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 17, 2016","3.0"
"Aggressive Sales Culture"," this bank needs to make huge improvements in their systems that support its employees. Cannot compete with big banks like Chase or BofA. There is no work life balance in the retail bank. Upper management is clueless as to what happens in branches and what staff has to deal with. Sales goals are very aggressive and sometimes unrealistic.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 17, 2016","2.0"
"Exemplary Team Player and Manager","Over the years of my diverse work history, I have developed a very special management style. I treat all my teams] members, whether they be peers or managers, with mutual respect and compassion. Because I believe that 'happy' employees and far more productive than folks who are unhappy at their jobs, I make a point of satisfying all that is required of each person I come into contact with regardless of line of business, subordinate, or CEO. The most successful companies are always the ones who have staffing that work together and enjoy what they do. I have done my best to practice a famous tenet of the late, great Maya Angelo 'I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.' I will always make an attempt to leave a coworker, peer, boss, team leader, call center rep, or even my regional manager with a feeling of the fact they are in great hands and the rest outcome will be the result of our interaction.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","North Wildwood, NJ","May 16, 2016","5.0"
"work","A typical day was i would come in and try to clock in if a computer was open then the manager would have me stand in the lobby for my whole shift unless someone in the branch wasn't their then i would cover for them.","Switcher","Former Employee","Phoenixville, PA","May 16, 2016","5.0"
"Nice place to work","Always work open to close No overtime allowed Work 3 Saturdays a month Love my co-workers! Too much micro management! Love working with the public and helping people meet their goals!","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Spotsylvania, VA","May 15, 2016","4.0"
"Good for experience, but management will hold you back.","I was a Teller with this bank for roughly 1 year. A typical day consisted of taking care of customers deposits, answering questions, providing assistance with any issues within my capacity to solve all while following corporate policies and procedures. While I was there, I learned to become comfortable providing a substantially higher level of customer service than ever before. I became able to practice and perfect selling products and services to people of many walks of life, and in exchange I also became a much more outgoing person. I learned a lot about the banking industry (with some limitations) as well as the way that banks attempt to protect their customers from fraud. Management was a mixed bag; some days my boss would seem like a team player with a soul who wanted me to succeed, and on other days they would seem as if I was just another replaceable employee with whom they had limited tolerance due to the ramifications of unemployment insurance. Upper management was, in my best opinion, people in suits who saw entry level employees who barely did their job, even if there was physical data to prove otherwise. My co-workers were the highlight of my time with this bank. They are to this day some of the smartest people I have ever had the opportunity to work with. The hardest part of my job as a Teller with this bank was the unrealistic sales goals and micromanaging. If you're reading this and considering working for this bank as a Teller, be prepared to learn that yesterdays successes become tomorrows expectations. You will also be shocked to discover that although you might me - more...","Bank Teller I","Former Employee","Bristol, PA","May 15, 2016","3.0"
"Great Job","I love working at this bank. The people were perfect an the company always showed their employees appreciation. I was so sad that the branch closed in my city.","CSA","Former Employee","Buena Vista, GA","May 12, 2016","5.0"
"meet lifelong friends","I enjoyed daily interaction with co-workers and clients. I was very good at sales and service; number 1 teller in Pittsburgh market.","TELLER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent","Excellent environment, best team, enjoyable job, great benefits, nice job culture, best practice, good training, deep knowledge, most innovative approaches","TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great Place to work","PNB Bank is a great place to work, employee appreciation, healthy environment, promotion opportunities. They strive to educate and advance the success of their employees, and are committed to the success of the company as a whole.","Underwriting Analyst","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 10, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and challenging work environment","My typical work day was ensuring that the paperwork I received each day was properly completed and submitted to operations to be setup form Small Business Products that best fit our customers needs such as Pinacle Web, ACH, Wire Transfer, Lockbox, Remote Capture and Cash Vault Carrier Services. The most rewarding part of my job was my Customers, Treasury Management Business Banking and Business Banking Offers were satisfied with a job well done.","Treasury Management Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 10, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun work day","Duties included: customer service representative, negotiate with client to set up payment arrangement on a past due bill, receive collection payment via telephone, data entry, answering a multi-line phone, verify demographic information for billing and payment arrangement and remaining calm while on the phone with a upset client about their bill","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","May 10, 2016","5.0"
"Average place to work"," this bank Equipment Finance offers limited room for advancement. The training is very minimal and you have to be able to learn on your own. No set guidelines or procedures you just have to figure it out as you go along. Some area's of the business such as Documentation are always under staffed and over worked. This area is very high stress with no relief in sight. They have silo mentality between business units. It is very rare that knowledge is shared between business units. Thinking outside of the box is some what discouraged. It depends on your personality whether or not you would like this bankEF as a place to work. If you like to just come in and do your task and go home then you will love it, but it your a self motivated, problem solver this is not somewhere you will be happy.","Bank Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 9, 2016","3.0"
"Overall working experience"," this bank benefits are excellent and the staff really care about individuals. I have been a long time employee and love working at this bank.","Sales & Service Coordinator - Wealth Management","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 9, 2016","5.0"
"Big company. Can advance if desire, but nothing special"," this bank is a good company. On par with many other companies in terms of compensation, benefits, etc. They are loyal to their employees which is a good thing. Favoritism can play a role in promotion and management, but if you stick with it you can advance fairly easily (if you work hard and are competent). Technology is so-so and they like to think they are on the front of trends, but really seem to be in the middle of the pack.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 7, 2016","4.0"
"why i had to leave","i started out truly enjoying the job, then all the ladies that i worked with at that branch quit, so the entire load was shifted to me, i was a part time 28 hour a week teller and they were working me 40-45 hours every week and i was doing everything behind the teller line with very little assist from any team mates. i asked them to transfer me to a branch that only needed a 28 hour a week part time teller but because it is against this bank procedure and policy. after 3 months of no letup. i quit.","Teller","Former Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","May 6, 2016","1.0"
"Progressive, positive environment to work.","Life / work balance is a concern for the company and they work with their employees to achieve their needs. Room for advancement within departments as well as different departments / lines of business.","Supply Chain Operation - Lead Sourcing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","May 6, 2016","4.0"
"structured, professional, growth"," this bank was very key in my leadership development. I was given many great opportunities for growth. They were great in leading the way in communicating the direction & atmosphere they desired for the branches.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA","May 6, 2016","5.0"
"Great positive productive team and management; family oriented","As a Business Underwriter I completed an analysis based on certain criteria in order to renew every business line for an additional 12 months. The most difficult part of the job was the challenging work flow and production goals. It was a joy to work at this bank as the entire business lending center projected a positive and productive attitude! It simply was the this bank culture and I was very happy to be a member of it!","Underwriter I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 5, 2016","5.0"
"Great","It was a great experience. I learned a lot about the banking industry. They helped me out tremendously. It is truly a great company","CSR Teller","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 5, 2016","5.0"
"Financial Services Opportunity","Over the period of close to two years, this bank have given me the opportunity of learning many things related to the financial services such as: how to handle clients and how to address their individual financial needs. My Management team has been very supportive and always willing to spend time with me reviewing the various operational and clients profile metrics.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Deerfield Beach, FL","May 4, 2016","4.0"
"Review of this bank"," this bank is a great company to work for and has lots of room for advancement. Days are always different but always busy. You deal with different types of people every day. I have learned a ton about finances and things I will need for my future in life.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Carbondale, PA","May 4, 2016","5.0"
"New Experience","Working for this company has been a total pleasure. I work with a great group of people, I have the opportunity to meet and build great relationships with my clients.","Financial Sales","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 4, 2016","4.0"
"Great culture and wonderful employees","I loved everything about the job. The customer interaction is great and the employees are the best. Training was fun and I learned a lot about the way banks work.","Customer Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 4, 2016","5.0"
"Decline","Daily goal setting, customer service, meeting with business clients review accounts, go over best option, setting investment appointments, cold calling, manage team.","Assistant Branch Manager of Cluster Branches","Former Employee","Howell, MI","May 3, 2016","2.0"
"Teller","Cash Transactions. Setting up accounts and business'. Making referrals. Cash management skills and face to face customer interactions.","Handling Cash","Former Employee","Sterling, VA","May 3, 2016","3.0"
"walking on egg shells","not enough staffing and too much micromanagement. Cannot effectively do a job and complete all daily assigned tasks and sell products (which is not disclosed at time of hire) as well","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Erie, PA","May 2, 2016","2.0"
"Pretty good place to work","You are able to advance or train for other positions. Most of my 13 years there, I enjoyed working for this bank, got along with everyone, and performed my job well. The last few years, however, was a different story. Due to extremely difficult guidelines set by people that never performed the actual job position, most employees had great difficulty meeting performance standards, and were penalized including going without normal annual raises. I moved to another state but still hear about that department; they still have an ongoing problem with high turnover - and I surely know why.","Sr Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 1, 2016","4.0"
"Excellent Place to Work","Supportive Management. Excellent Hours. Lucrative Bonus Structure. this bank is an excellent place for promoiton opportunity","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 1, 2016","5.0"
"not the best","Branch operating on a skeleton crew. Expected to do other duties not listed on your job title. Constant changes in management The hardest part is the language barrier between coworkers and clients who only spoke Polish. Anyone one who does not speak Polish should not apply.","teller","Former Employee","Tinley Park, IL","April 29, 2016","3.0"
"Avoid if at all possible"," this bank does not compensate employees well and is also stuck in an old culture style of managing. Senior Management does not like to listen to its more youthful minds who bring good ideas to improve the business.","Supplier Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 29, 2016","1.0"
"n/a"," this bank is a great place to work with great benefits for their employees. As with any job, the most enjoyable part is the people I've worked with.","Senior Incentive Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 28, 2016","4.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for.","I learned so much financial information that will help me in my future. I enjoyed doing volunteer work for this bank. I got the training I need to do the job I was asked to do. I tell all my friends and family if they need a job, to apply with this bank. My co-workers were helpful and nice. I am still really good friends with a few of them. The hardest part of the job for me is I would worry if I hit my personal goal every month. Management was great about the time I need off for my medical needs. They were very understanding.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2016","4.0"
"ok place to work","good work environment, love my coworkers. however no good advancement opportunities and poor pay. depending on location, you may not have anything to do all day which can be very boring. goals are ok to meet but not the greatest.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Muskegon, MI","April 27, 2016","3.0"
" this bank Review","Working at this bank provides a lot of room for growth. My co-workers were always very upbeat. The management was very understanding of work-life balance. The hardest part of my job was when we would have technical difficulties, but the most enjoyable aspect was when I provided my customer with a great experience and when I was able to lead the call based on their financial well-being.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 26, 2016","5.0"
"Mlo","Typical banking environment. Everyone is friendly and helpful. Getting enough time and high quality lending opportunities are becoming harder and harder.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL 33483","April 25, 2016","4.0"
"great workplace","great company. goal oriented. always concerned about your personal views. management is always grea decent benefit takes your concerns and views into consideration.","BSSR","Former Employee","Vero Beach, FL","April 25, 2016","4.0"
"Know the managers well","Each branch manager can run there branch as they desire. I had a wonderful one and applied for a promotion with another branch and by trying to earn more...I was made a scapegoat. Its unfair and unethical.","Teller","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA, Harmar PA","April 25, 2016","5.0"
"Good place to advance","Not much in terms of pay though which can be a struggle especially with the amount of work you do and money you bring in. Very easy to advance up the ladder if you show the commitment and work ethic typically only hires from within which is nice to see.","Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 25, 2016","4.0"
"very productive","all the tools needed to succeed were available. employee success was management main goal. it is very difficult to come up with something negative about time I spent working for this company.","Database Administrator","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","April 24, 2016","5.0"
"Good","The company is nice to work for. Many guidelines provide a steep learning curve to new employees but the overall company culture accomodates for that. Lots of training and responsible trainers. I cannot say enough good about this company !","FSC","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 23, 2016","4.0"
"Structured work environment with potential for advancement","My co-workers have been some of the best groups of people I have every worked with. I typical day at this bank usually consists of taking in customer deposits, counting cash, exploring opportunities to benefit customer's financial lives. The hardest part of the job is being able to please every customer. The most enjoyable part about the job is leaving at the end of the day knowing that I made a difference in a customer's life financially.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Salisbury, MD","April 21, 2016","4.0"
"Great work environment","Management and peers at this bank are great.. this bank has selected some awesome people to work here. But on the downside the pay structure could be much better. I have compared my current role's salary to that of another company's HR Specialist role and at midpoint, I am almost $20,000.00 below that mark. Also this bank could be more involved in the fitness of it's employees.","HR Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 20, 2016","3.0"
"Not a place to stay if you're looking for a CAREER","I would never recommend that someone work here for a long term job. Low pay. Horrible management. Its a stressful job an you don't get paid well enough to do everything you need to do.","Key holder","Current Employee","Ashland, KY","April 20, 2016","3.0"
"Fsc","Attend to customer transactions (deposits, withdrawals, and concerns. Assist with financial need of customer. Auto loans, personal , mortgages, credit cards.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bayonne, NJ","April 18, 2016","4.0"
"Good Workplace","I enjoyed working for the company and my co-workers were wonderful people.The benefits are adequate and the responsibilities were reasonable.","Teller","Former Employee","Okeechobee, FL","April 18, 2016","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a very good place to work. One of the best companies to work for, They have many opportunities for there employees.","Overdraft Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 17, 2016","3.0"
"Best position I've ever had.","Excellent company to work for. Wonderful team environment and understanding managers. Flexible schedule. Collaboration was easy to foster and employees were easy to work with.","Technical Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 17, 2016","5.0"
"A pleasant company to work for","No complaints. It is a pleasant company, and I felt they took care of me with a fair incentive program and reasonable goals. Promotions internally are achievable and the benefits program is good.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 16, 2016","5.0"
"An organization that had a large responsibility for the bank."," this bank was a top notch employer. Keeping the financials in the black and fulfilling needs as possible. this bank did go out of their way to keep employees happy. Management was always looking into getting new functions to keep staff happy. The hardest part of the job was to be happy and give it all to keep your responsibilities current. I learned from working together the co-workers were happy.","Senior Accountant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 15, 2016","3.0"
"management","The company is ran horrible. I've been a dedicated employer for almost 2 years and I use to be proud of this company now I cant wait to find another job. Management don't care if you develop or not the training sucks, they don't pay enough but wants you to go above and beyond. They make it hard to earn your bonuses","Universal Banker Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","April 13, 2016","1.0"
"Good Place To Work","Working at this bank has allowed me to learn many things and further enhance my multi-tasking skills. Management is understanding of family time and supports their employees in any way possible so that they better themselves.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 13, 2016","4.0"
"Solid company to build a career"," this bank afforded me many opportunities to learn and grow both personally and professionally. The people are the soul of the company and it shows in the commitment to the clients, communities and shareholders.","Corporate and Institutional Banking Marketing Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 12, 2016","5.0"
"High call volume area as well as high production able to make quick sound decisions daily","Approving and declining credit application trying my best to make the deal if possible. Required ability to make good sound decision to prevent loss to the bank. Able to make the decision quickly on credit line increase request as the customer held for the decision that was sometimes the hardest part of the job. Most enjoyable was catching fraud and preventing identity theft as well being able to help the customer with their needs. I learned all aspects of fraud prevention on both existing accounts and on possibly new accounts. Underwriting credit card applications for consumer, small business and wealth management with authority to approve up to $50,000.00.","CONSUMER CARD UNDERWRITER","Former Employee","whitehall oh","April 12, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","fast and busy bank. They focused on Sales. Good place to bank would recommend this bank to people to work and to also bank it is easy to move up the coporate ladder in this bank and they are very family orienataed","Account Manager","Former Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","April 12, 2016","4.0"
"Execution through dedication","Most days are longer than the 'traditional' 7.5-8 hours. The organization has been in a perpetual state of change for the entire time I've worked there. However, the changes are paying off and the company is modernizing and seeing dividends from the work.","Project Manager III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2016","4.0"
"Awesome workplace","The atmosphere is conducive with the work load! I have learned a lot about patience and about the importance of communication. My team is just that a TEAM.","Client Relationship Analyst","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 11, 2016","4.0"
"Sales driven workplace with goals","I am responsible for meeting sales goals on a daily, monthly and quarterly basis. Also keeping customer satisfaction in tact. I work with many other people as one team to reach one goal. Through my time management and sales skills, I am often able to get the job done.","Branch Sales and Service Representative II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 11, 2016","3.0"
"laid back at times","laid back when is fully staffed. very high turn over rate making it difficult to meet sales goals due to short staff. training is good, i would recomment this bank for a good start to the banking world","Service Representative","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 11, 2016","4.0"
"Great Training Company","Great place to get your foot in the door somewhere and gain professional experience in the business banking world. I learned some great tips in sales as well.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dixie Highway, Louisville Ky","April 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great working environment","I found this bank, a very professional and well managed place to work. customer service is 5 star and I increased my skills in it while working at this bank.","Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","April 10, 2016","5.0"
"Produtive and exciting place to work.","At this bank I am required to use my multi-tasking skills to assist customer with teller transactions or their financial well being in he form of checking accounts, loans, mortgages and credit cards. Supported by a great management team, the opportunity to learn happens daily. With each customers comes a different financial solution. The hardest part of the job is working every weekend, but the plus is meeting new people, working as a team to meet sales goals and truly helping people obtain their personal financial goals.","Service Associate","Current Employee","District Heights, MD","April 9, 2016","5.0"
"The Best work place.","I loved working for this bank it was by far the best company I have ever worked for. The only downside of it was that I couldn't be full time and I was only making 9.85 an hour.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indian Head, MD","April 9, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company to Work For","Great culture and organizational values, training, there are a lot of room for growth, work/home balance and amazing benefits ( health care, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts).","Senior Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 9, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company","This is a Great Work Atmosphere!! The compensation uh, so-so... Wonderful people! The advancement internally,is not the best,and needs a massive improvement.","Document Administrator","Current Employee","Florida","April 9, 2016","4.0"
"Do Not work for this company if you are a Mother to Be or a Current Mother","I was terminated the same day I let my manager know I was pregnant. Not only that but the manager treats everyone disrespectfully, and does not follow the policies and procedures you will learn in training. This company is awful","Teller","Former Employee","Quarryville, PA","April 8, 2016","1.0"
" this bank gave me the opportunity to grow as an employee.","I begin each day by greeting my manager and co-workers. We are a close knit, diverse team of talented individuals. I strongly believe in starting the day on a positive note. I arrive early in order to make sure that I'm logged on and ready to start on time. I listen to my voicemail messages and then respond to any emails that were sent to me after business hours. My job title can be listed as Business Banking Collector, Default Specialist, Business Banking Customer Service Rep, or Special Assets Coordinator. All of these titles are equally correct. My job is much more than just calling people who haven't paid their bills on time. I work with small business owners on a daily basis. These people care deeply about their banking relationships. They must be treated with the utmost respect, in order to ensure a healthy and mutually beneficial business relationship. I always give my clients the benefit of the doubt. I investigate the cause of delinquency before contacting anyone. I check loan agreements, branch notes, customer service notes and all recent payment transactions. A big part of my job is to fix bank errors before they become customer irritations. There are many variables at play when investigating delinquency. Adjustments are a positive alternative to collection calls. As a courtesy, I always contact the client's Relationship Manager in order to make them aware of the necessary adjustments. However, there are times when the client is simply not able to make a payment. People react to the stress differently. Some clients lash out at the bank, but others simply ask for help. - more...","Special Asset Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I learned to sell and talk with customer to see hat their personal need was as far as banking. it more to bank teller then just cashing and depositing check. you have a change to move up in the company by knowing the company","bank teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 8, 2016","4.0"
"Higher management don't care","Terrible place to work. It is not about what you know its about who you know. You can be the best candidate for a job but if the upper management just like somebody more then you. to bad so sad.","Teller Supervisor I","Former Employee","Berkley","April 7, 2016","3.0"
"Horrible","Horrible place of business . They give you hours over the phone once u get hired on they hours change they stick with an all day shift with no support.","Credit Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 6, 2016","1.0"
"productive and always a positive attitude","I learned there are so many different personalities and different cultures in a work environment that not just work is the learning experience. You learn how to work with other personalities some that don't want to work and how to make it enjoyable to help them enjoy work too. Make every day a positive day to give someone else a brighter and more enjoyable day.","bank teller","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","April 6, 2016","5.0"
"great place","great place to work and the people at the job are all great people and managers. Best part about the job is helping customers and there financial needs.","Multi-Channel","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 5, 2016","5.0"
"Good work Place","It was a good place to work. it was just to slow. because so many competing banks was so close near by. good co-workers, good manager, good overall company.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","April 5, 2016","3.0"
"Prcessing Customers Request","> Process Bank Transaction > Answering Phones calls > Open and closing account > updating > Also assisting with promotion of new business","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 4, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","Multitasking on a day to day basis. Work at a fast pace but with zero errors. Learned how to manage files and records, work with numerous computer screens at once. View a customer financial needs in a way that we can benefit them. The hardest part of the job is making sure the customers are satisfied with wait time considering the bank the short staffed. The most enjoyable part is connecting with the customers on a personal basis.","Teller II","Current Employee","Lumberton, NC","April 4, 2016","3.0"
"Opportunity to make a lot of money","I don't have anything bad to say about any company, However, I also have nothing good to say about this one. The management seems to be very negative. Instead of telling us 'you should know this' the managers should have pointed us all in the right direction, hence the reason there is only 2 out of the 10 people left from training. Training platform was very poorly setup. Without support from our managers it was hard to succeed. a lot of us did not wait around for that to happen. Great location but a bad group of mentally unstable people who just do happened to become managers.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 4, 2016","2.0"
"location was simply not ideal","i believe i would have had a different experience working for the company if i had been under better, more helpful management.","branch teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 4, 2016","2.0"
"productive, ambitious and willing to learn new things.. I love to work with people..","My day to day life is very exciting... I learn new things everyday and am willing to learn more... I feel that the biggest investment that a person is going to make is purchasing a home... I give my all and am hands on with my clients... I take my job to heart and am there for them at all times even if it's after hours or on the weekend...","Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Mount Prospect, IL","April 4, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","Answering calls daily. Everyone you work with is very easy going. Very flexible and the company truly understands the meaning of family/work balance.","CUSTOMER CARE CENTER","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 3, 2016","5.0"
"Very supportive, collaborative, empowering place to work","Very flexible work environment with opportunity to work remotely. Work life balance and health improvement are very important. Our team was fairly independent and a very friendly collegial group. People company wide care about each other a lot. We had regular celebrations of birthdays, work anniversaries, holidays, no-need-for-an-excuse soup days, pi(e) days, international food days. I had the opportunity to learn new skills in high end IBM storage virtualization, and to see the affects of storage tuning on the application environment. The company is striving to stay at the cutting edge of technology to maintain very high levels of system availability, customer satisfaction, internal user support, and to reduce costs.","SAN Administrator","Current Employee","Riverdale, MD","April 3, 2016","5.0"
"Great place","Great place to work. They care about their employees. Keep employees informed of business progress. Their room for advancement.","Enterprise Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Oak Brook, IL","April 2, 2016","5.0"
".","Great place to work, really enjoyed working for this company. Everyone is very friendly and you are always learning and moving up.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","April 2, 2016","5.0"
"Good company with multiple advancement opportunities","I do enjoy my job, however, I feel that I am not compensated fairly nor given proper merit increases on an annual basis. I have been a loyal employee with this company for fifteen years. I have assisted both employees and customers through multiple changes such as the introduction of online banking, a major company acquisition, migrating transactions to innovative methods of banking tools, as well as many other corporate changes affecting branch banking. I love the fast paced environment that is different everyday. I have helped to develop an amazing team that makes work an enjoyable place to be. I absolutely hate to leave but wish to be compensated for what I feel is my fair value as a marketable employee.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Avon, IN","April 1, 2016","4.0"
"I've worked for this bank for 25 years and enjoy working with my co-workers & feel that I have a fair boss,","Considering the above, recent corporate structure changes have made me seriously consider leaving this bank. While at this bank, I have gained a lot of knowledge and experience.","Investment Officer","Current Employee","Erie, PA","March 31, 2016","3.0"
" this bank","My position is quite laid back and intense. However, there is no room for development and lack of management. I learned that in order to move ahead I need to leave.","Consumer Support Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2016","4.0"
"Love their customers, but don't value their employees","They love their customers but they do not value their employees at all there is 0 room for growth and development with his company they prefer to hire outside the company for open positions instead of promoting from within. They take advantage of their employees and management treated like a number","CSA","Current Employee","Archdale, NC","March 30, 2016","3.0"
"You are just a number and management does not care about you","I worked 7 years for this bank and they do not care about the work life balance of their employees nor do they care about their employees.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Ohio","March 30, 2016","2.0"
"Great place to work for","Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence. Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","March 29, 2016","5.0"
"Fun compnay"," this bank is a fun company to work for. They definitely offer room to advance, but they pay very little and their benefits are not great. Vacation time could use a boost and so could medical. Other than that, great place to work!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","March 28, 2016","5.0"
"Great work Environment"," this bank is a great work place. Management was great. Hours were flexible with my schooling. Co-workers were great. Hardest part was juggling between school and work.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 28, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company to Work For Pro Work Life Balance"," this bank is a great company to work for, they provide ongoing training to ensure their employees are up to date on the latest company's policies and procedures as well as management provide constant feedback and coaching for continued success in their employees job development and advancement.","SPOC III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced, safe and enjoyable workplace","I come in get my supplies and start working. I learn something new everyday it seems. My co-workers are great with only one exception but that is normal in the work place. There is nothing hard about my job. I love working there but they are down sizing.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 28, 2016","2.0"
"The bank teller is an okay job to have","The job in itself is really not bad . If you have a full staff of people and everybody does there part . this bank just need to take a good look at there management staff and see why people really do not stay long . Overall the company is a nice company .","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Akron, OH","March 28, 2016","3.0"
"Company satisfied with complacency, which permeates culture"," this bank offers a strong sense of work-life balance and accomodating work environment -- at the expense of compensation and benefits. An issues that is well known by those in power, but a taboo topic to discuss. Middle management and upwards usually taken care of well with most of the lower ranks compensated below market rates -- citing 'cost of living' as primary justification. Top talent rarely attracted to the organization, and those that are, take positions primarily for non-work related personal benefits etc.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2016","2.0"
"This was a good place to work.","I enjoyed see the daily customers & it was a great way to meet new people. My co-workers are great people to know. I enjoyed working with them, it was like family.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2016","4.0"
"Treats Employees like numbers"," this bank does not care about their employees. It is a toxic work environment where managers only care about their own numbers and will fire any one that does not help them advance their career.","Regional Senior Recruiter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 25, 2016","2.0"
"Lack of support","My experience with this bank was as a Summer Intern. I started bright-eyed and bushy tailed like the rest of my peers, constantly asking for feedback and doing the best that I could even though my manager I'd been assigned had passed me off to someone else before my first day even arrived. The hardest part of the job was trying to get my questions answered when there was no one available to answer them, and then being told my work wasn't up to their standards after having a lack of support and feedback like I asked from the beginning. The company culture described to me was friendly and inviting and open to questions, however what I experienced was cut-throat, behind your back, every man for himself attitude. Watching Game of Thrones is one thing, playing it is another.","Transformation Management Office","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 25, 2016","2.0"
"Productive and co-operative environment to work with","As a QA career i was involved in portal testing as well as database testing.As a QA Analyst i attended walk through meetings with BA,Project Managers and QA Leads.I have attended Requirement review meetings and provided feedback to the BA. I checked for correctness,completeness and consistency and testability of the Requirement. Based on the requirements i wrote test cases and executed them. I have logged and managed the defects as they were found using the defect module of HP QC. Once the defect was fixed,retested them and if passed,closed them.If the defect was not fixed then re-opened them. I attended defect assesment meetings. As far as testing is concerned i have performed Intergration testing,Adhoc testing.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 24, 2016","5.0"
"Very Production Driven Environment","I Enjoy working with the people that I work with they make the job that has to be done every day a lot easier to do. I also have managers that are willing to fight on our behalf for the thing that we feel would make our industry better.","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 24, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work very flexible"," this bank made your work environment very comfortable and enjoyable. You get plenty of space for yourself and others to come and listen to your phone calls as well.","Multi Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 24, 2016","3.0"
"A great company to work for who is focused on their employee's success to ensure business goals are met."," this bank Mortgage is a great company to work for; they values their employees, customers and community relationships, this bank is an organization that offers on-going training and professional growth; a company where you will be part of a strong team and have an impact in the company's overall success.","SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 23, 2016","4.0"
"It is not what it used to be.","It started out great. But after a month the interoffice politics and the adversarial atmosphere they created between the platform and the tellers was ridiculous. Some managers were not professional while the Branch manager was great for the most part. The pay did not make the situation any better for the amount of work they wanted done. Poor planning for new system roll outs and no training on how to handle the back lash. It was a mess. I was even faulted for working 40 hours as a part time employee even though the manager was responsible for scheduling and had asked me repeatedly to stay.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 22, 2016","1.0"
"A Typical day at this bank on my position as Relationship Manager was one hectic day every day because my area dealt with loans that were in default","A Typical day at this bank on my position as Relationship Manager was one hectic day every day because my area dealt with loans that were in default.","Underwriter","Former Employee","1600 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103","March 22, 2016","5.0"
"Productive place to work","I learn everything about all the procedures you need to follow to work in a bank and run transactions. The best ways to ensure your safety and the safety of the clients as well. I also learned how to manage situations where you have a lot of customers to take care of in a short period of time and be attentive with each one. I think that work for a bank is one of the best ways to learn and improve your customer service.","Teller","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","March 21, 2016","4.0"
"horrible company to work for","Do not waste your time or efforts with this company. They could care less about you as an employee and expect you to sell sell sell!!! Its very hard to sell for a company that you feel so horribly about! The management is very poor and I really don't understand how they ever got their positions","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Calcutta, OH","March 21, 2016","1.0"
"It was a great job.","Enjoyed working there. Division was sold to BNY Mellon. The pay and benefits were decent. My co-workers were great. Management cared about there employees.","Tax Analyst Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 21, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","Great business and I've grown a lot within the organization. They do needs better security and wish they can attend the needs to help all the branches in all the regions.","Customer Serivce Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 21, 2016","3.0"
