"Collections at this bank","Being a collections specialist meant you had to be on the phone 90% of the time, making calls and trying to collect customer's debt. I was lucky and had good supervisors, however supervisors don't have a lot of control on what happens because their bosses make those decisions. Hourly pay was okay, but once commissions changed it was a lot harder to make the same amount as before. Customers can get pretty upset over the phone (which can be understandable), however I was taught on what to say and how to approach calls differently. As frustrating as the job could be, it was a fun environment most of the time.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 17, 2017","4.0"
"Nice flexibility but zero feedback or leadership. Management was unprofessional.","The pay is okay, plenty of opportunity to grow and they will give you all the training needed. But you have to be self motivated and outgoing speaking to people about their finances.","UI Developer","Former Employee","IN","August 17, 2017","5.0"
"Professional workplace with great co-workers."," this bank is a great bank and a decent place to work. The power and best job opportunities are in Pittsburgh. The days were busy but too much like the Audit Dept, who the department answered to.","Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 17, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank Mortgage Corporation was a great company to work for. We worked hard but we were rewarded and we treated employees well. This company was bought out by Washington Mutual","Fulfillment Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2017","5.0"
"productive","not very good upper managements, but vey good coworkers, also work our are pretty good to balance you life schedule. but overall a very good company for recent graduates,","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 16, 2017","3.0"
"A very secure company","The benefits were great with this company. I learned a lot from them and was able to advance my career due to the knowledge obtained with them. A very secure company.","Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","August 16, 2017","4.0"
"Competitive","I worked in the call center when I worked for this bank and it was a relaxed environment for the most part, but also competitive when providing a sale.","Member of the retention team","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2017","5.0"
"It takes a certain kind of person to enjoy the job","There is a lack of communication when it comes to the federal regulation changes in the banking community. Management is unorganized and regularly unavailable. Co workers are kind and extremely helpful when answering questions. It has long hours, great if you live in the city, but expensive if you need to commute.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2017","3.0"
"Very fast paced and stressful","I took inbound calls from customers whom wanted to know their balance, see if a check or card payment went through their accounts, I assisted with up-selling overdraft products to customers whom accounts were overdrawn. I ordered checks and debit cards, helped in locating a local ATM near their location. I participated in their program that assisted blind callers in the use of an ATM machine. I assisted in the training of the new hire financial service consultants, I also did take escalated calls from customers whom needed to speak with a supervisor when a supervisor might not be available.","Sr Financial service representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2017","4.0"
"worked to many hours"," this bank didn't care about employees. I have two small children and the branch i'm at is under-staffed they want everyone to work 6 days a week all day everyday and stay late. they are the lowest paying bank out of all the banks","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 15, 2017","2.0"
"Slaves","Mandatory 50 hours a week. the company took on too much too fast. Extremely stressful because peoples livelihood was at stake. Not enough training!","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2017","3.0"
"Overworked","As long as your department generates revenue, you can get away with anything. Departments that are cost centers are consistently given more work to do, with limited resources.","Team Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2017","2.0"
"My review","It's a good job but you work your butt off and you don't get what you deserve, I'm a full time student and sacrifice so much for my job. I wanted to get a promotion and was told that I wasn't good enough. My job is stressful because I took on a lot of responsibility and management still didn't care. In order to move up in the company you have to kiss everyone's butt.","Universal Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Florence, KY","August 14, 2017","3.0"
"Normal Bank day","I love working for this bank, if it wasn't for the managers themselves I would never want to leave. Although the hours are long (8am to 6pm) I still enjoyed myself while at work. The hardest part is working with the managers who do not care about anyone but themselves. I've made life long friends besides that, and it makes the work day go by quickly.","Teller","Current Employee","pittsburgh","August 14, 2017","3.0"
"Web set our own goals and it was up to us to achieve them.","We had a fun group to work with. The building had a cafeteria which was convenient for lunches and snacks. We used our computer to sign in our start time and would log out for breaks, meetings, etc. The job was not hard, you just had to pay attention to detail when logging in information in the data bases as other departments depend on the information to do their jobs.","Mortgage Loan Clerk","Former Employee","Brecksville, Oh","August 14, 2017","5.0"
"Great Opportunities for Advancement"," this bank is a great company to start a career at. The managers will work with you to make sure you are getting into the line of business that you want to work in. They have plenty of opportunities for advancement if you are willing to put in the effort. Your day varies based on the position you are in. We have branches, call centers, out of branch sales and multiple other lines of business. The culture is very friendly, I have always enjoyed the environment created by my coworkers. The most difficult part of the job is the amount of goals set for someone to accomplish, it can be overwhelming, at the same time extremely motivating. There is always something to work on. The most enjoyable part of the job is the relationships created within the workplace and with the customers.","MULTI CHANNEL SALES ASSOCIATE I","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2017","5.0"
"Summary","My work experience with this bank was ok. I was a part-time employee. I learned many cash transaction. Work with different kind of people and how to manage stressful environment.","Teller","Former Employee","Parsippany, NJ","August 14, 2017","3.0"
"Decent pay but job duties were overwhelming","It was nice pay but the amount of work and training you go through without more pay is quite extensive. The grading scale is quite outrageous as well depending on who is monitoring your calls. Some are lenient some are extremely over bearing and unrealistic.","Loan Servicing Specialist II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2017","3.0"
" this bank a place to work","I will not rate this company at this time due to I am currently employed there. There are a lot of good reasons to work for this bank but there are also a down side as well","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 13, 2017","3.0"
"Great Room for Growth"," this bank has a great flexible schedule that allows me to work my job around my everyday activities. I have learned how to better communicate with customer over the phone verses my the traditional face to face way. The management works one on one with you to help improve your performance and answer questions.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 13, 2017","4.0"
"Big Bank with Good Culture","I really enjoyed working here. The corporate culture was much better than the average bank and the work environment was good. It felt more fun than the average bank, and the customers recognized it. However, pay wasn't good compared to other banks.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Oaklyn, NJ","August 13, 2017","5.0"
"I was only there 3 months as a contractor","I was under contract for a Lender Transformation project. The people I worked with were very knowledgeable and helpful when I needed assistance. My experience was very positive working at this bank.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 12, 2017","4.0"
"Good Learning Environment","I have learned the importance of saving money and investing intelligently by working at this bank. this bank also recognizes their employees for their outstanding work ethics and offers pretty good benefits to their potential clients especially college students.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 12, 2017","5.0"
"It was a very challenging environment to work.","Highly regulated work environment and the level of expectations by the management was high. Highly sales-oriented and competitive industry where I learned to become efficient tackling multiple tasks at the same time. The toughest part of the job was banking became primarily sales instead of customer-focus and the turnover was extremely high.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","August 12, 2017","2.0"
"Not bad at all"," this bank is a great bank to work for. My position doesn't get paid enough, but for right now, it's good. Was a banker before I went to our operations department. Didn't like selling equity products, but if you like that, it's great!","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 11, 2017","4.0"
"Somewhat stressful, high-pressure environment with benefits that can pay off","Any bank is going to be high-pressure. this bank as a corporation does a nice job of providing compensation, benefits, and perks to make up for this. However, I found that the high emphasis on driving sales really affected the work environment, to the point where it was emphasized over customer service - especially when upper management came to visit the branch. The corporate business model really made it hard to focus on what the job was all about - even down to the teller position.","Teller","Former Employee","NJ","August 11, 2017","4.0"
"Hard to go into everyday","They tell you not to be a product pusher but lay a set number of what they call 'expectations' on you to meet per quarter, which makes you a product pusher if you want to meet them. If you do not meet these 'expectations' it affects your ability to move up within the company and also raises. Policies and rules constantly change and there is rarely anyone, including managers, who have the right info to give you. There is a survey system that is random and anonymous that asks customers questions based on your interaction, if they even remember it was you, it is very unfair that also determines if you receive pay raises and your ability to advance in the company. I've received bad surveys from customers due to their bad interactions with a different employee all because they survey is anonymous on who the employee was, and it is almost impossible to come back from a bad survey. The maternity leave is awesome, 16 weeks of 100% pay, which honestly is the only reason I stayed with the company for my final months.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Rockford, IL","August 11, 2017","1.0"
"Good part time job","I only worked at bank for four months before finding a full time job. I would work for them again, however. The training was full time for a month and prepared me well for the tasks given to !me.","Bank teller","Former Employee","Titusville, PA","August 11, 2017","4.0"
"Great place","This is a great, friendly place to work with room for advancement. The staff and upper management are great, and very understanding.............................................","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Whitefish Bay, WI","August 11, 2017","5.0"
"Conversation with clients very personal","Working for this bank was a very difficult place to work. They have a this bank conversation which I felt was very intrusive for clients. It was a canned conversation that they expected you to use with all clients.","Retail Banking Officer","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","August 11, 2017","1.0"
"29 years at this bank","The Company is very well managed both on the business and technical side. Great Company - Very long hours and weekends. I worked these long hours to advance within the company and provide my family with a comfortable life syle.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 11, 2017","5.0"
"a lot of work"," this bank requires you to go above and beyond, but the pay rate is below. The typical work day is very stressful and can sometimes interfere with your personal life, if you let it.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 10, 2017","3.0"
"A lot of on the phone","don't start this job if you don't like being on the phone. there is room for advancement but it is based on your call scores. You must work a minimum of 20 hours and they will not allow you to work less and stay an employee.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2017","3.0"
"Productive workplace","Fastpaced environment and Highly engaging work culture.time working for the company was short but highly productive considering the type of work i had to do","Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2017","4.0"
"laid back","overall very slow pace and laid back people. It is good for juniors who are starting and eventually go somewhere else, I loved my time in there but wouldn't go back","QA Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2017","5.0"
"Depends on region","This bank has great products for the customer, however they lack moral for the employees. it seems they don't appreciate employees much. its not a hard job. But upper management is horrible with follow-ups and encouragement.","BSSR","Former Employee","Durham, NC","August 9, 2017","2.0"
"very slow paced","Not much training, promised a better paying job and room for growth and did not receive, you can't trust other employees, management doesn't seem to care","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Westerville, OH","August 9, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work"," this bank is an industry leader in many other target markets as well. Its client list includes more than two-thirds of the Fortune® 500 as well as thousands of real estate, utilities, healthcare, government, higher education and not-for-profit entities. All of these clients, including many of the nation's largest competitors in their respective specialties, benefit from this bank's deep industry knowledge and our sophisticated capital raising, treasury management and capital markets capabilities.","Banking Officer","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 9, 2017","5.0"
"Cares about their employees, great managers!!"," this bank is a great place to work. They really care about their employees and customer engagement is awesome!! Worked for this bank for 3 years and never once wanted to leave. Pay is a little low compared to other branches but the people and environment I work with balances it out.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 9, 2017","5.0"
"Great work environment"," this bank is a great bank to work for. There are many opportunities for advancement in your career with this bank. The culture around around development and coaching is very prevalent. As a manager, you are expected to lead your team, coach and develop you team, as well as conduct on the spot coaching.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","New Jersey","August 8, 2017","5.0"
"I learned a lot in the 15 years that I worked there.","I started out as a Teller, then I worked my way up to Assistant Manager. I took care of customer's deposits and cashed checks. I opened new account, processed credit applications.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","August 8, 2017","5.0"
"Great team working in a small town","I worked in a small town branch where I had the pleasure of getting to know all of my regular customers very well. The team I worked with here was very supportive and morale was always high. Even through a merger with another bank. Sales goals were realistic and reachable.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, NJ","August 7, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced / ever changing company with good advancement opportunities","Exciting and growing financial services organization. Great advancement opportunities for sharp, hard-working individuals. Must be able to operate in a complex regulatory environment, but training is generally available - though much of it is self-directed. Probably the best of the big banks to work for. Key skills that will advance your career include strong verbal and written communications, negotiating, and interpersonal skills. You will likely participate on many cross-functional teams and many of this bank's decisions are made at a group level.","Sourcing Mgr Supply Chain","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2017","5.0"
"On-Site PC refreshes. Met many excellent technicians","Fast paced PC refreshes, or swap, In various banks. Hardware and Software installs, Wipes, OS installs, proprietary software installs, thick & thin clients","Lead Technician - PC refreshes","Current Employee","Elk Grove Village, IL","August 7, 2017","5.0"
"Absolutely horrible","1 isn't even close to a low enough rating: this bank is the worst company I have ever worked for. I had 2 years of banking (at another institution) when I came to this bank & they wouldn't even match the salary I STARTED with at the other institution. Management is a JOKE. They truly have no say in anything that goes on. The goals are attainable, but always changing, making it difficult to be consistent. The expectations are unrealistic, & again, always changing. There is no reward or recognition for ANYTHING. They do not care about their employees or the customer, all they care about are numbers. If you are going into a company looking to advance, this is NOT the place to do it. They require you to be in your current position for a year, they run your credit for any positions you apply for (even promotions within), your goals have to be well beyond what is expected of you, and you have to actually have a manger that cares about your development (DON'T HOLD YOUR BREATH).. I could go on forever.. but if you like the shiny perks they hold in front of your face & you're willing to sell your soul, you'll be just fine! Side note: don't get too comfortable in your position, they will surely displace you. 400+ jobs this year alone.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","August 7, 2017","1.0"
" this bank","Good place to work, I left because I was recruited by Suntrust and persuaded by salary increase. management was fair and engaged, I enjoyed working with this bank.","Bank NA Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Westminster, MD","August 6, 2017","4.0"
"Worst place to work!!!","Of all the banks that I have worked, this bank is by far the worst.My Manager was so incompetent that it affected the performance of the branch. This was the most stressful work environment that I ever worked in..","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","August 6, 2017","1.0"
"Typical day","Greet customers as soon as they walk into the door!! Just like the Walmart greeters. Help customers with there transaction (aka) fill out there deposit tickets or there withdrawal slips. Or push the customer to use the ATMs or mobile deposit. Have to save the best for last!!! SELL SELL SELL","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 4, 2017","3.0"
"Excellent people, challenging environment","Challenging project work, the people truly make the job! During a time of intense organization transformation, lessons learned have been invaluable. Fast-paced environment but much space for professional development.","Platform Architecture","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 4, 2017","5.0"
"Great for customers, not for employees","Poor compensation. Lack of training. Poor treatment and even downsizing of top performers. Great products for customers. Product benefits get worse and worse over time.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Towson, MD","August 4, 2017","2.0"
"Good company, could pay more","Advancement opportunities are present, however, the pay increase has a low cap. The opposite is true of talent brought in from outside. This creates an atmosphere where new hires are paid higher salaries than those who've earned a promotion and ultimately makes folks leave. Bad business model","Manager","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 4, 2017","4.0"
"Generaql view of this bank","meeting with customers and improving their financial well being. this bank is a good place to work, the are professionals to the core, but can improve on staff salary","Loss Prevention Associate","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","August 4, 2017","5.0"
"great place","great place to work, especially for college students. In the branch appointment setting department, we get to make our own schedule. They off a 'new mothers' room for mothers to pump .","Branch appointment setter","Current Employee","kalamazoo mi","August 2, 2017","4.0"
"Fun, productive, and steady day","I enjoyed learning in depth about your finances and how important it is to budget and pay your bills on time. I love the fact helping other clients manager they're monthly statements.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 2, 2017","4.0"
"In-Store is Not a Good Job","Very boring job for little pay, your schedule is terrible, and you're basically a teller that can open accounts. Not at all what I expected, or was told it would be like. Management is great, and I do believe non-In-Store is probably a good job, but In-Store is not the best.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Holmdel, NJ","August 2, 2017","2.0"
"Not a particularly desirable place to work.","Poor communication lead to confusion and often frustration about job responsibilities. Little recognition for excellent performance. The hardest part of the job was to understand priorities.","Senior Vice President - Manager of Special Assets","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","August 2, 2017","3.0"
"Look elsewhere","Watch your back! It is sad to say but management would throw everyone under the bus to advance themselves. They rarely gave out raises and there was no work life balance. Working 6 days a week, sometimes for only 3 hours a day is ridiculous when management would have 3 day weekends very often.","Teller","Former Employee","Maryland","August 1, 2017","1.0"
"Coworkers are great.","Work/Life balance is fantastic. Lots of activities to show employee appreciation. Enjoyed working with the people in my group. Always willing to assist when needed.","Senior Default Coordinator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 1, 2017","3.0"
"It Could Improve","The company has really good core values that are not always followed, even those in management. However really good stepping stone for a better gig. Compensation is decent, work days a little stressful however the company does try to make the atmosphere fun. Also beware the company pays employee for 40 hours even if not worked, then take the difference out the next check.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 1, 2017","3.0"
"Learn Fast Work Hard","Problem Solving. Learned about banking . Nice clean work place. Positive and upbeat work environment. Strong and consistent corporate culture. minimal opportunity for vertical movement. maximum potential for lateral movement","Financial Consultant x New Hire Mentor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2017","3.0"
"great place to work overall","this job is a lot better than most. other than management within the branch that I worked for, it's worth working there. only if you're full time though. part-timers don't get as much perks as us full-time employees. pay is nice.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","August 1, 2017","4.0"
"Work day","I was trained on many different roles and responsibilities, over all I loved my successes at this bank. The management team and my colleagues were all team players.","Systems Administrator II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 31, 2017","5.0"
"Terrible Management","Supervisors did not make employee expectations clear, staffing was always short, working there was chaotic and stressful, all staff was severely undertrained.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Centerville, OH","July 31, 2017","3.0"
"It was A new field for me and I was lucky to have a great team to work with.","The hardest part of the job was learning about banking. My manager was great and easy to talk to. The culture was pretty serious and quiet. The best part of the job was the experience and working downtown for the first time!","Instructional Designer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2017","4.0"
"Bank Teller","My daily tasks were to monitor the vault money and verify we have enough to get us through the week and make sure we never had too much on hand. I would assist customers with their everyday banking needs and transactions.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Portage, MI","July 31, 2017","3.0"
"horrible","horrible place to work.I was part time for the 4 years i worked there. They were ok with working around my schedule due to me being a single mother with 3 kids but overall the company was not good to their employees. customer were treated better.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2017","1.0"
"Productive and nice work culture","It is fun to work at this bank Onshore. work life balance can be maintained easily. Work culture maintained is good with a good scope of learning and growth.","BA","Former Employee","US","July 30, 2017","4.0"
"Great Benefits","Nice place to work. It has its day to day challenges, but with the right skills and support, you can pull through and accomplish the various tasks at hand.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2017","4.0"
"work day","My main goal was customer service . Making sure customers were taking care of. Astreeful day at the bank was the annual bank audit making sure we pass at 100%","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Orland Park, IL","July 30, 2017","5.0"
"It's ok","If you're young, a good place to start a career. Fast changing; must be flexible. Benefits are ok. But it's a large company; individuals can get lost in the crowd.","MEDIA RELATIONS","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2017","3.0"
"Lowest Pay in the Banking Industry","I worked for this bank for close to 5 years, and while I had the opportunity to work with genuinely good hard-working people, I finally had to go. Despite excellent reviews each year, the promised raises were never above 1.25%, even though the newspaper listed the CEO's raises as 43% one year and more recently around 14%. The benefits? Sound good on paper, but the deductible is $3,000 per year per insured person. They say the hire the best and the brightest but those people either laugh at the low salaries or leave after a year or two. I worked for other local banks, so I can compare. This company does NOT value their employees, and it will eventually cost them as more and more of them leave for greener pastures. I did.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 29, 2017","1.0"
"Decent Employment.","Basic, decent employment. There isn't much to say in regards to positives besides decent employment. No real reason to get involved in negative commentary.","Banker","Current Employee","Georgia","July 29, 2017","2.0"
"Good Advancement","Good company when it comes to being able to advance quickly. However pay is lacking compared to external hires and internal transfers are often underpaid and undervalued. benefits are good.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Rochester Hills, MI 48307","July 29, 2017","4.0"
" this bank is an awesome place to work"," this bank is an exceptional place to be employed. They love to guide you in your career development. They care about me as a person. this bank has great benefits.","Branch Sales Manager","Current Employee","Ocala, FL","July 29, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for"," this bank is a wonderful place to work, typical day at work includes 7 1/2 hours of sitting at a desk taking phone calls assisting customers with issues including online banking support, and regular checking savings account maintenance.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 28, 2017","3.0"
"Slow paced and friendly environment","What I learned about myself is that I do enjoy talking to customers and helping them with what they need at the time. The best part of my day was being able to know our customers, get to know more about them and create a relationship with them.","Teller","Former Employee","South River, NJ","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"not a good place","I did not receive the training I needed to independently perform my job duties. The assistant manager who was in charge would leave early most days with unfinished work for the new hires to complete , who did not have adequate training.","customer service","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 28, 2017","1.0"
"Fair work enviroment","Management give positive reinforcement. I appreciate the way he communicate with me.. Company show gratitude on a weekly basic thru meetings. Branch employee spread happiness true the day. Love to help client to meet their financials goals.","Financial Sale Consultant II","Former Employee","Altamonte Springs, FL","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"Good team environment, but stressful","The team environment and the supervisors and managers are very friendly and helpful in working with customers. However, due to the nature of a call center, there are numerous customers calling in every day, some of whom can be rude and unpleasant to speak with. It is important to remain professional during these calls because calls are recorded and calls are picked at random for review with your team leader.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"Fast paced and mentally challenging","Work in cubicles helping customers with online banking concerns & questions. Rewarding work experience. I work evenings and the atmosphere is quiet but the call volume is very high.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2017","4.0"
"Good working environment","The workplace at this bank is well balanced, it is very much employee oriented. It's very important for the management to listen to concerns of their employees.","Fincancial Specialist","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"Typical Bank Owned Culture","Your experience at this bank is what you make it. Bank owned subsidiaries like this bank Capital Advisors are internally focused sales cultures highly controlled by risk management. It's not Google.","DCIO Sales","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 28, 2017","4.0"
"Great Company","I really liked working here and they usually will work with you if you have changes to your schedule. Great managers and co workers and flexible schedule","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Bricktown, NJ","July 27, 2017","5.0"
"None","Its a good job for a new entry into the workplace, but the compensation does not align itself with present economy. the workplace culture involves complete unity within the branch which includes branch manager, tellers, personal bankers, wealth management bankers, and mortgage loan officers.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","July 27, 2017","3.0"
"Team oriented, wonderful working environment.","Team oriented environment. Manager very accessible for questions about assignments, expectations, time frames. Manager would give realistic time frames for projects based on the teams current workload. Manager provided one-on-one meetings weekly.","Programmer","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","July 27, 2017","5.0"
"okay place to work","customer service and coaching employees too sales goaled. focus on customer service went away. New management did not care about employees or customers","BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","July 27, 2017","5.0"
"Poor management","Stressful environment, this bank want you to promote products to customers that can't afford them. Very poor management. People left because of management..","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","July 27, 2017","3.0"
"Overall a good company","A good company that I like to work for.. Management can improve.. Also the bank is starting to get too sales driven. Other than those things, they are understanding and want a positive work life balance.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 26, 2017","4.0"
"Motivated","Interesting fun family oriented culture with an ever learning of the business and industry. Everyone is involved and seems to care about the company and their position.","Account Services Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 26, 2017","5.0"
"Great company. Great work environment."," this bank is a great company. Management is fair and cares about employee growth and development and invested in creating happy, productive engaged employees.","Counsel","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 26, 2017","5.0"
"Poor compensation","Poor compensation. Getting promoted within the company means nothing because they are unwilling to give you any considerable increase no matter how well you perform.","Account Services Specialist Senior","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 26, 2017","1.0"
"poor management","poor management from and high turn-over due to sr management down to sales. 85%+ turn over rate while I was working there and I hope they have since changed their way","Senior Account Executive","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 25, 2017","1.0"
"Worst company","They do not care about their employees! You can do 10 million things right but your first mistake will always be your last with the company. I was with the company for 15 years. Won rewards, trips etc left and right. They wanted to get rid of the long time employees to hire younger employees with cheaper salary.","Banking Officer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2017","1.0"
"Stressful - but fullfilling","If you like numbers and working with lots of money, this is the place for you. It's a customer service job just anywhere else, just with added responsibility.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ecorse, MI","July 24, 2017","5.0"
"exceeded expectations","I left this company for better advancement and made the mistake of coming back. I wish I stayed at my old position. What a mistake. The management does not care about their employees.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","July 24, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work","My experience has been with an awesome team. If you are motivated to do your job well you will reap the rewards. It is a great job, and I strongly recommend working for the company.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Towson, MD","July 23, 2017","5.0"
"Fun company","Very good company to work for which this bank had a lot of great people working for them. I learned a very great deal working with this bank on how to work with business owners.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","North Haledon, NJ","July 23, 2017","5.0"
"Workplace","The associates are great to work within the site. The compensation needs to improve.The management sometime can be overwhelming. The work place culture is enjoyable.","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 22, 2017","3.0"
"Needed some help","The company was bought out but it was a good starting job out of school for those who did not have any work experience. you have to start somewhere so i would say try a bank or a call center every time if you don't know what you want to do.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 21, 2017","3.0"
"Good benefits","Good benefits for the employees, work under sales pressure required to be able to meet manager's expectations. Management can have unrealistic sales goals expectations for their employees.","Branch Manager Senior","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","July 20, 2017","3.0"
"Great Place","Honestly a great place to work at, company wise. Compensation does need to be a tad more especially in retail banking. You do twice the work and get paid for 1.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 20, 2017","4.0"
"What a terribly managed comapny","I don't recommend this company to anyone who wants to have a helpful and constructively kind manager. All managers are ruthless and you have no job security and are constantly threatened.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 20, 2017","1.0"
"Def not a good company to work for","Management don't assist their agents when they need assistance. Management are never around when you need help and lucky if they're at their desk and they will not help you, unless you are their favorite. Management come to work high and not only can you tell, but you can smell it on them. A Very High turn around. I would not recommend anyone to work for this company","Customer Care Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 19, 2017","1.0"
"Great company","Plenty of opportunity for advancement, be prepared to work hard and always be ready for change. Product offering is large and is designed to meet the needs of the customers.","Business Banking Center Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 19, 2017","5.0"
"horrible"," this bank is a stressful work environment to be in, between the everyday tasks supporting the customers they also give you a million things to do as far as stalking customers for more sales etc. calling there homes being yelled at if sales goals aren't made","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Abington, PA","July 19, 2017","3.0"
"Above Average Company","This has been almost the best job I have ever had. Even if you start out at the 'lowest' position at this bank, you are given ample opportunity to advance and really make a career for yourself. As a teller, I had the chance to go to monthly meetings and feel important, spoke with my manager on a regular basis on my goals for my career and how I was going to get there, and was just in a great environment with management that showed they actually cared about me. this bank is NOT heavy on sales, they really focus on taking care of the customer and believing in the benefits for them. They don't want to shove a credit card in someone's face that isn't going to benefit from it. Sure, there is incentives and payouts, but customer service truly is number one for this company. I will miss working for this bank very much.","Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 18, 2017","5.0"
"Started out a great place to work, and now...not so much!","The first 3 1/2 years I spent at this bank, it was like a dream job! Then new management rolled in. Throughout the entire company. Then it became a nightmare job! Stupid ridiculous processes that they forced us to use, but the management didn't use them themselves and constantly made us look stupid. Then they withheld raises and only gave them to the people they liked, who fell in line with them. Terrible culture and just continues to get worse!","Project Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 18, 2017","2.0"
"Csr","Worked as a teller. Also opened/closed accounts. Offered products and service to new and existing clients. Made phone calls trying to bring new clients in","FL","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","July 18, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place","This is a great place to work, advancement may not come fast but the people are wonderful. They really let you come to work and do your job efficiently without the micro management.","Commercial Loan Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 18, 2017","4.0"
"nice friend and family oriented place to work","I would come in at 8am open the branch clock in count the money in the safe and also at my register. I would look at the message board for any up coming promotions or objective for the day. Greet every customer with in the 5Seconds of their arrival and assist them with anything the might need.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 18, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","great place to work to get banking experience with good benefits get to grow and move up in the company quickly. friendly coworkers and management overall good place to work","Business Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 18, 2017","3.0"
"A Great Workplace"," this bank offers a great, fair workplace! Enjoy the morale and opportunities to grow from within. Most managers are fair and great to work for. The experience is what you make it. The more you put into it, the more you get out of it.","Senior Administrative Assistant II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 18, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","One of the best banking call center environments Ive worked for. not only are they very flexible with schedule but they do every they can to show that they care about their employees.","Customer Care Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 18, 2017","5.0"
"Wonderful Employer","I've been with this bank for almost 2 years now. This is a good company to work for. I started off in regular customer service and a year later took a job in business banking. There is so much room for advancement here as long as you do your job. I would definitely recommend working for this bank. It's not just a job, as it can lead to a career. I don't plan on leaving this bank and hope to keep advancing.!","Business Banking Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 17, 2017","5.0"
"no place for advancement","I had worked there for 2 years with a masters degree and i had been told how good of an employee i was but when any.... and multiple openings happened for advancement i was left in dark.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","July 17, 2017","2.0"
"Advancement Issues","I was hired at this bank as a contract employee. My contract was to consist of 3 months with possibility of conversion to Full Time status. I was first extended at the end of my 3rd month for an additional 3 months. Then, extended again for another 3 months. Totaling 9 months.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 16, 2017","3.0"
"You'l never be enough","The goals they have given to tellers are insane and completely unachievable. Even if you miraculously it the minimum requirements to earn incentives and keep your job, it won't be recognized and no matter what you do it'll never be enough.","Teller","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","July 16, 2017","2.0"
"High Stress / High Demand Workplace","Always being 'coached' and pushed to SELL. Goals are unrealistic. Plan to work overtime and 6 days a week. Always under-staffed and the managers rarely work extra hours, especially Saturdays. No written warnings if you make a mistake, they just fire you on Friday afternoon.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 16, 2017","2.0"
"Benefits are good but no work life balance","Not every department has the same expectations and shifts and bonuses are different in each department. Some departments do not offer bonuses and won't allow you to request time off unless you use your vacation time and that has to be available that day that you need off. No one really cares what you have going on outside of this bank and you can trade shifts with co workers but if your department isn't 24 hours and you can only trade with people on your shift that males trading difficult because more than likely everyone just about works the same shift. Money is great for a full time employee every two weeks buy be prepared to eat, sleep, and breathe nothing but this bank!","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","July 15, 2017","5.0"
"Have to meet your goals","If you do not meet your goals then you will be written up. It is very stressful when the pressure is on you to meet the companies quota. You do not want to harass customers and force them into loans and credit cards if they do not want it. the company doesn't care. they want accounts opened and loans approved.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Oxon Hill, MD","July 14, 2017","1.0"
"horrible communication","No communication between upper and lower management, redesigned horrible payscale that limits any opportunity for advancement or raises, demotions, overworked.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 14, 2017","1.0"
"HORRIBLE place to Work!!!","I started with a small hometown bank that was bought out four times over the 21 years I worked there. When this bank come along, they tried EVERYTHING to cut my salary...said $29,000 was WAY over their pay scale for a Customer Service Rep!!! After many unsuccessful attempts, they called me & another lady that had been there for 14 years, into an office and said they were letting us go...but we would get a severance package. The day AFTER I found a new job, I was told by management that they now needed me....and when I said no, I was let go with NO SEVERANCE whatsoever!!!! The only thing this bank cares about is making money, NOT about the customers!!!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Graham, NC","July 13, 2017","1.0"
" this bank","I worked here for 10 years. I began as a receptionist and ended as a paralegal in ERISA compliance. Overall the Bank was a very good place to work. It provided a reasonable compensation partnered with a very nice benefits package. Save only one, my immediate supervising managers were exceptional and very responsive to my work place needs. I became one of the 'casualties' in a Bank wide downsizing.","Paralegal","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 13, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a wonderful company. I take pride in being a part of helping our clients every day. They take care of the employees also. I'm looking forward to a long career here.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Duluth, GA","July 13, 2017","5.0"
"Good focus on client retention and cross-selling"," this bank is very focused on how to improve their clients financial well being. Making sure every avenue is taken to assure the client that the products and services being offered is in their best interest.","Marketing Outreach Representative","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","July 13, 2017","4.0"
"Work with good people","I really enjoy the people I work with and the atmosphere that my peers would create. My immediate supervisor was good to work with as well. Maybe not as hands on as what is needed, but assisted in other ways. The problem is the goals. There is still what I call a 'Wells Fargonian' mentality driven by our upper management to push products, hit monthly and quarterly selling goals and not ever talk or concern themselves about the incredible service we provide, but rather how much money did we make the company.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","July 13, 2017","3.0"
"Low pay for what is expected.","I had a great branch manager and district manager. Just way too much put on your plate. A lot to know and many many jobs to do. this bank is cutting corners everywhere and putting the burden on their underpaid employees.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL","July 13, 2017","3.0"
"terrible management led me to quit","I was treated horrifically once promoted and moved to a different location to work. I was thrown in with minimal training and held to unrealisitically high standards. I did not like what was told to me, how I was treated compared to the other employees, how I was pushed to do all the work and forced to train employees, while the manager only pushed me and gave severe punishment for falling behind in the pile of work she never gave me the chance to do.","Full Time Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Claymont, DE","July 13, 2017","2.0"
" this bank is very good to its employees","I would highly recommend working for this bank. The building that I worked in was a very relaxed atmosphere, the employees are very friendly, like working with family.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 12, 2017","5.0"
"fast pace and stressful","cashed checks . deposited checks and cash. opened accounts for customers. best part were the people I worked with . hardest part was smiling while being cursed out by customer for requesting info to verify an account","Teller","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","July 12, 2017","3.0"
"Great work-life balance"," this bank makes all the employees feel like they are valued, they also offer many benefits to the employee and allows employees to move up within the this bank company","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 12, 2017","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great employer very invested in their employees success. They continue to recognize me as an employee and continue to work to make this a more engaging atmosphere","Business Banking Team Leader II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 12, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is a place of structure and excellence, always looking to propel other's into their future.","One thing I learned is this, I cannot allow the personalities of people to be the set thermometer of the overall vision, but rather realize we are all a gathered people who are set to reach one common goal and that is to increase the value of the company and to change the overall demographics of a culture, where, through the initiative of this bank every person, family, business, etc. is prospering. So as a company, this bank was great! this bank always made sure, through many on-line quizzes we, the frontline was sharp and knew how to effectively, with intentionality, meet the needs of our customers. And this bank has great honorary benefits for those who desire to put their best foot forward. They really do care.","Teller II","Former Employee","Schererville, IN","July 12, 2017","4.0"
"Not able to grow unless you know someone","It is more about who you know versus what you know. People with no experience and education are promoted versus someone with experience or education, because of who they know. Benefits are terrible. You need a second job to pay for the high deductible insurance plans.","Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 11, 2017","3.0"
"ok place","I worked there many years ago...the building is no longer there and I am not even sure if the department is still there. I encoded fields onto the actual check and had to balance each deposit.","Reconciling Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 11, 2017","4.0"
"Depends on position","This could be a great place to work, if management cared more about the salary of their employees. If they were more hands on and less fouced overall with none importgant factors.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 10, 2017","3.0"
"Ok Job","Good work life balance but job itself is very stressful. I have learned a lot about the industry but would like to learn more. Although very challenging at times it can be rewarding as well.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2017","4.0"
"Great work place"," this bank cares about its employees. They are easy to schedule around and there are get working enviroment. this bank has the easy going management that you can talk to if there is ever a problem they are always willing to help.","Teller","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","July 10, 2017","4.0"
"Great job to move up"," this bank is a great place to work. This job has allowed me to learn different aspects of being a bank teller. Most people think being a teller is just counting out money to the customer. You actually do more than what meets the eye. You are working face to face with customers, meaning your skill need to be on point. You have to give the customers our undivided attention. You process many bank transactions, and managing a lot of cash during the day.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Waldorf, Marylan","July 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fun place to work in and productive","Nice to work with costumers, working with our customers helping them reach their goal in saving and learning hoe to manage their money. Working in customer service, giving them advice on their financial problems.","Teller","Former Employee","Emmaus, PA","July 10, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, good management. This is my second time working for this bank and I love what I do. A typical day is that I am not micromanaged. I continue to learn each day. The culture is good. I really enjoy coming into work each day. The only con is that my position is in Downtown Pittsburgh where you have to may to park, however that is not job duty related.","Talent Acquisition Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2017","4.0"
"Fun, hospitable enviroment","I learned to pay attention and respect each person with their particular needs and culture. We worked as a team and it was delightfull to be among different cultures united for the same goal: company + team= everyone grows.","Bank Teller I","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","July 9, 2017","5.0"
"Good company but some managers need training","On a typical day, it is business as usual and I learned to be self motivated. I worked under different managers, some very professional and pleasant to work with, others very poor at human relations. Workplace culture is good per company policies, but under a manager who is inexperienced or mischievous, workplace culture is nothing to write home about. The hardest part of the job is relating with managers who are not good. The most enjoyable part of the job is doing what you are experienced at.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","July 8, 2017","3.0"
"A Good Place to start your career","Good place to start a career and find better employment. All the good people quit, but the CIO will tell you they are hiring and retaining more than people are leaving. Good people to work with but we are the hardest to do business with.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 8, 2017","3.0"
"Disappointing work environment","I always heard great things about working for this bank, but after joining the team I was able to see a different side. I experienced a lack of leadership, the branch experienced a lack of support from upper management. For a 4-5 month period, including over the holidays which are the busiest times of the year, the branch was left with barely a staff. Many times there was only one teller when there needed to be three. The manager cared more about sales versus customer service, and many times would deceive the customer. The upper management was well aware of the problems in the branch and didn't seem to bother to help. As I kept working there I was starting to hear from other people in the company how it was changing and not for the better. If the right management was in place, the business and branch could have been very successful.","Sales Branch Sales and Service Specialist","Former Employee","Delaware County, PA","July 7, 2017","1.0"
"Team Environment","One of the Best Organization have one of the Best Teams. Helpful Resources. Nothing hard -Lot of Learning Opportunity to get rid of Hard Situation. Working with most Senior Management lead to one step ahead in your career and this bank is one of that.","Tester","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 7, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and fun workplace.","I worked at this bank for three years. I can say that I enjoyed working for this company. this bank offered me the opportunity to learn different skills to make me a greater asset to the company. They really pushed for people to step in being leaders.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 7, 2017","3.0"
"remote uw","I am thankful for the opportunity and knowledge I received at this bank. I've worked for the company for almost 6 years and I have worked very hard in my position.","Exception Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 6, 2017","1.0"
"Consistant","Sales, cold calling with bank staff, worked closely with Business Banker. Easy to sell merchant services with bank products. Catered to small/mid size businesses. Established bank and bank products. Customers were the best part of the job. Not much customer service as products and equipment worked.","Business Development","Former Employee","West Chester, King of Prussia, PA","July 6, 2017","5.0"
"Banking","Working at this bank is like working at any other bank. You run transactions, open accounts, do loan applications for cars, mortgages, lines of credit, as well as make referrals.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Creve Coeur, MO","July 6, 2017","4.0"
"Good starting place and learned a lot","This job is a good learning experience for me. It helped me understand the world of finances a lot more and helped me better maintain my own personal finances. Some days were harder than others but I believe that is how it would be at any job there will always be ups and downs you just need to learn to work through it.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 5, 2017","3.0"
"Productive","This place was a great start to learning the world of banking. It was great to learn the financial institution as well as working with the different clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great","There was much to love about working here. The facetime with senior level executives was next to none. The work could have been delineated better, but it was a great experience.","Business Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 4, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Postions","I work on certification of applications to make sure that every people has the right access to only the applications they need. I audit over 30 thousand plus employees quaterly","Successful work leader and mentor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 4, 2017","5.0"
"pros vs cons","the branch managers are good, mine is helpful. the upper management don't even know you exist, the salary is good, the incentives are a joke. never a set schedule and don't expect your manager to work a Saturday.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","July 4, 2017","3.0"
"Work along with fun and very encouraging staff","the work culture is good and good exposure to the subject.Work along with fun and very encouraging staff. But cell phones are not allowed which was difficult","Associate Software Engineer","Former Employee","hyderbad, Telangana","July 3, 2017","5.0"
"Large Company","Large company with opportunity for advancement if you get the right management team. you're able to transfer within company which is a plus. the pay was ok.","Education Lending Consultant","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 3, 2017","3.0"
"Good experience"," this bank is a really great company, I work in the collections department and it's a very fast-paced job. If you get stressed easily, I don't recommend this job. The people here are incredible.","Consumer Support Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","July 3, 2017","4.0"
"Excellent place to work","I cannot say more about how great this bank is as a place to work. It is WORK though so be prepared to roll up your sleeves and get to work, as you are worked to the bone. At then end of the day though, you are rewarded for your efforts, and have a great sense of accomplishment","Business Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2017","5.0"
"Friendly working environment, was a great learning experience","We had a busy branch. Customers would come for different transactions. I learned new things related to banking, met new people, and enjoyed helping customers.","Part-time Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Productive & competitve","very fasted paced, you must have good customer service skills, be able to multi- task, be willing to sale & refer products& service to clients. Need to proficient with technology","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Greenville, NC","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work for the driven","Excellent company to work for. Provides a competitive environment while keeping the cliques to a minimum. Compensation isn't great and takes a while to kick in.","Service Associate II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place, great people good company","Excellent place to work. very supportive people and very good management group.employee benefits also very good. career growth also very good as always more opportunities to explore on different tasks.","AWS Devops Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place, not so good for Part Time Employees","Being a part time employee you have to wait a year for vacation days. Banking hours are not good for someone that wants to have a second job unless you can find someone that will accept you starting after 4pm. They have great management. Nice place to work, pay could be better.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Moon, PA","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"great company","this was a fun company to work for they put a lot of time into training their employees and you can tell they value you as a person. the hours are great also","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Wisconsin","June 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great company with uncertain future with certain product lines","Overall, a very good company. It was a positive working culture with many great people in management and staff. The biggest issue for me was that the product line that I worked with in collections became extinct. The jobs I had in collections were incentive based. When I was transferred to another department, the incentive opportunities were not there. So this caused me to me to have decreased income even though I was a good standing employee with the company for years.","Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","great management and leadership. retired in 2014 and enjoyed all the years that I worked for this bank. Great place for advancement. The hardest part was leaving a place I enjoyed going to.","Retired","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great learning experience","The program was designed to teach you how to run a bank from the cosumer and business sides. The hardest part was retaining all the information you had to learn and the most enjoyable part was traveling to all the different headquaters for trainings.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","June 28, 2017","3.0"
"limited opportunities","i enjoy the people i work with but the advancement is limited. did not inform employees in a timley manner, a lot of tech issues on a daily basis. good team engagement","Senior Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Michigan","June 28, 2017","3.0"
"Challenges","Fast paced environment. It is not for the faint-hearted. Will challenge your customer services skills and your response to resolved upsetting situations.","Retention Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC 27804","June 28, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","I enjoy the banking accounts & other products that this bank supplies, but the particular office I worked for was poorly ran in my opinion. The office employed an universal banking consultant that did several illegal things on a daily basis and regardless of reporting to my manager was never taken serious until things really escalated. She was eventually let go, but only after driving the other staff to transfer and seek employment outside the company.","Universal Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Portsmouth, OH","June 28, 2017","2.0"
"Good Place to work","Very happy with management and work balance. Culture is very distributed as a result of Teleworking. The most difficult part of the job is adjust to the work requirements including weekends.","Senior Application programmer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Work life balance","I have received a tremendous work from home/office balance that has helped me to maintain work/life balance. This is likely not possible in all departments but definitely exists within the company.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2017","4.0"
"Great starter Job","I learned a lot about finances working here, which also helped in my personal life. They are a huge company with great benefits, they just don't like to pay employees enough.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Aurora, IL","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Was a good place for a career."," this bank was a good place to start and continue a career. It's a fast paced, time sensitive environment that keeps you on your toes at all times. The people are the ones that make it go.","AVP","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Overall","Great Management and really enjoyed working with our customers and members face to face on a daily basis. The team engagement is great and able to meet a lot of people","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Great workplace culture","Everyday was always a little different and challenging. Learned a lot about Foreign Exchange and banking. Allowed me to better myself in a great workplace enviroment.","Foreign Exchange Investment Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2017","5.0"
"Brand Ambassador","This position was brand new and it was like developing a new business more then working on a structured and established department in the bank. The advancement prove to be non-existent and that where the down fall begins with this position. My thoughts and ideas of the position was far different then management and that didn't help the department. This position as an advertiser became a guerilla sales position, which was not the best idea as ghost accounts were created by potential customers just looking to take advantage of the promotions.","Sales Ambassador","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to start a career","I started my career at this bank in 2005 and have been here ever since. It was a great place to work many years ago. There was always something going on to boost company morale. That has changed a lot ever since bank N was acquired. There are still attempts to boost morale and the activities coordinator in the building that I worked in did a great job with the budget she was given every year, but employees could tell that there was cuts made and that some things were now off limits.","Booking and Exceptions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2017","4.0"
"A place to grow your profession","Excellent place to work. Great systems that make your daily work easy. Employees development is of the core aim of the bank with constant training to better their performance","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Somerset, NJ","June 26, 2017","5.0"
"Vauge Onboarding Policies","Found myself subject to a 'Probation Period' with no guidance. Some passive-aggressive attitudes seem designed to derail success and productivity. Vague direction from leadership and a lot of course corrections.","Business Analytics Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2017","3.0"
"Work/Life Balance is taken seriously","it's a great company to start off with ! The company hosts numerous events showing appreciation for the employees and that their hard work never goes unnoticed!","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is excellent!"," this bank makes sure you are engaged with the company at all times, which creates a huge work life balance for you. The company is awesome, they make sure you are always taken care of and on the right path to success!","Service Representative","Current Employee","Pinellas Park, FL","June 26, 2017","5.0"
"loan officer","Processing department was very slow, had many deals die while being processed. Pay rate was low, benefits as far as health and vacation were good. Work atmosphere was good.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 25, 2017","3.0"
"It's ok if your not the sole financial provider.","The atmosphere is comfortable. The pay is low. The background process is discriminating and bias. The challenges that they put their candidates through is not worth the pay. It's usually the jobs like that.","QC Analyst II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 25, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to be at with nice work-life balance","Managers are very realistic and set well defined goals. They understand tasks and help to achieve them if we need help. Great place with good work-life balance. Freedom to try newer/better ways to achieve goals. Competitive place to learn.","L4 Consultant for MySQL and Oracle","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 25, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace"," this bank is a very good company to work. I would recommend this to anyone. I like the work culture and the management. I am able to balance both my personal and work life.","Application manager","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","June 24, 2017","4.0"
"Coworkers were friendly.","Nice workplace. Enjoyed working with coworkers. A typical day is being productive of mailing out the customers packages correct. The hardest part of the job is trying not to get paper cuts.","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 24, 2017","4.0"
"Job Desvcription","Reviewed and produced commercial documentation via Laser Pro and Capital Stream documentation systems. Enjoyed the challenge of completing accurate loan documentation.","Attorney","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 24, 2017","3.0"
"Productive place to work in a great location in the city.","I enjoyed working with this bank. It was a full time position and always something productive that needed to be done. I was able to learn different departments and assist where needed. I learned great organization and prioritizing skills.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 23, 2017","4.0"
" this bank comapny was my best experince of my life to do work over there .","in this company i were work very hard and daily work is typical .i learned a lot of knowledge about work of construction and how to management the work and work in decipline . the envoiurment of that company is very good and very cultural.and this is the most enjoyable part of the job.","Site Engineer","Former Employee","Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh","June 23, 2017","4.0"
"the work is great, management is terrible","the neighborhood is nice. the boss was arrogant and kind of racist. the most enjoyable part of the job was the work and interacting with the customers.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Narberth, PA","June 23, 2017","4.0"
"Poor leadership","With the exception of the guy who initially managed me, the leadership in Greater Maryland is pathetic. All former BofA managers who must've had helluva good resumes because it did not carry over to the position.","Vice President","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 22, 2017","1.0"
"Best work life balance anywhere","There is a reason why this bank is always on the top of 2017 NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women. The work life balance is great. The positions are generally very secure. The salaries are lower than the industry average, healthcare isn't on par. Raises are incredibly, shockingly, and insultingly low.","APPLICATION DEVELOPER SR","Former Employee","Parma, OH","June 22, 2017","5.0"
"Great place of employment","Great company with growth opportunity. Company is ahead of the curve in the industry and always does right by their clients. Ethical and honest culture and would highly recommend.","Vice President","Current Employee","Daphne, AL","June 21, 2017","5.0"
"Great people, poor pay, little room to grow","Great environment if you embrace change regularly. Must be self-starter. Training needs to be consistent within departments. Management does not always have background in area they are managing. If you start making any decent money, the commission structure will inevitably change and you are back where you started 5 years prior and are unable to retain any consistent book of business. People within region are wonderful to work with.","Merchant Services Representative","Current Employee","Ohio","June 21, 2017","4.0"
"Position has turned into a sales job","Position was not as customer oriented as advertised. New sales requirements and significant staffing reductions made it very difficult to do the job I was hired to do.","Teller","Former Employee","Indiana","June 21, 2017","2.0"
"Was a great company","I thoroughly enjoyed working for this bank. I truly feel like this is a company that cares about their employees. There are always advancement opportunities with this company.","Personal Banker II","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","June 20, 2017","4.0"
"ok","It was a good job but they don't care about employees. The people were nice to be around but there was no work life balance. I feel like we didn't et paid enough for what we did.","CREDIT CARD CONSULTANT II","Former Employee","Columbus, Oh","June 20, 2017","3.0"
"Great Environment","Great culture and environment. They have a great culture where you can advance in the company. The salary was the only reason why I left this bank. There was a 10% cap on advancing in the company. I am a college graduate and deserve much more to live comfortably.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","June 20, 2017","4.0"
