6850,"Good place to work. Life balance sensitive","Great people and environment. Training for all levels is provided.","Accounting Supervisor II","Former Employee","Valley Forge, PA","June 7, 2012","4.0"
6851,"not a bad place to work.","I was a peak-time teller so I had up to 20/wk. My branch was nice to work at. Because I was peak-time, I had no benefits. They really worked with their employees and helped them to succeed!!","Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 6, 2012","3.0"
6852,"Fast paced call center","A typical day at work here is very fast paced. I worked in the credit card department, where we took inbound calls. These calls would range anywhere to as easy as giving a polite person their balance to problem solving and working with upset customers.The management and co-workers here are friendly, but you will not have much time to interact with them as most of your day is spent on the phone.","Credit Card Services","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 5, 2012","3.0"
6853,"Nice Place to work."," this bank was a nice place to work but no room for growth in location I was working in.The hardest part of the job was rules changed without notice in time to process work correctly.The most enjoyable part of the job was when it was enough work to make 8 hours a day.","Receivables Processor","Former Employee","College Park,GA","June 4, 2012","5.0"
6854,"Best management and co-workers I have ever experienced","Typical day at work was well managed, with sufficient amount of work that would make you feel accomplised but not stressed. Load leveling in busier times was well managed. All employees and management were treated with respect. Your opinion mattered.","VP Credit Administration","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 4, 2012","5.0"
6855,"Last place you should want to work for.","My co workers were a good group of people. Management for the most part was good. Beware that the video cameras are not only there to watch customers but to also use against the employees if a certain person in HR feels you have done something wrong. They use them against the employees for minor infractions and can get rid someone.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lebanon","June 4, 2012","1.0"
6856,"Pulled Files","Pulled files from mainframe and ran through a internal program for processing.","Output Support Team","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 3, 2012","4.0"
6857,"Positive work environment, open to growth and advancement.","My co-workers as well as management are always concerned with my growth and well being when it comes to working for the company, which makes it easy for me to go to work everyday.","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, Florida","May 31, 2012","4.0"
6858,"this bank","The organization is keen on letting its consultants be frightened about their jobs all the time. The organization allows for the management, coaches, etc to tell the agents how they can be fired on a daily basis. When someone has had to leave for a family emergency or comes in late due to car troubles, it is marked as a full absence and you are written up for it. It seems as though the organization does not really support its families and what their outside lives may entail.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 30, 2012","2.0"
6859,"interesting project","Wrote SQL queries to pull the back end data and did automation testing by executing the written scripts in QTP","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 30, 2012","4.0"
6860,"Amazing","Financial Sales Consultant Maintain satisfaction on new and existing customer. In charge of collecting and writing account history on negative accounts. Responsible for reconciliation of banking statements. Handling client's money and helping them make accounting and investing decisions. Responsible for keeping and passing an audit.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","State College, PA","May 30, 2012","5.0"
6861,"Good job to start with","Co-workers were pleasant. Atmosphere was good. Customers were always friendly. I've learned to be more detailed in things I do.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","South Orange, NJ","May 30, 2012","4.0"
6862,"Fixing problems","This was just short term. Basically I went in to the banks with my other team members and replaced the old towers with new updated towers.","Contractor","Current Employee","New York, NY","May 29, 2012","2.0"
6863,"Great values, slow on compensation","Compensation not competitive over the long tenure. You must move either inside or outside the company to get a good increase in pay, regardless of performance.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 29, 2012","3.0"
6864,"Good Company, lots of advancement possibilities","Investor Services Sr. Level Manager - managed group of approximately 20 employees for operations, client services and accounting of mutual funds and hedge fund products. Handled both corporate and high net worth clients. Managed all vendor contracts for outside production of private data.","Alternative Investments","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 29, 2012","4.0"
6865,"The Ultimate in Employee & Customer Engagement","Ease, Confidence, and Achievement!!! this bank focuses on keeping it's employees engaged and happy, with the understanding that we carry this with us as we interact with customers and act as brand ambassadors. The value I brought to my clients in the Business Bank, $1MM to $10MM was centered around my ability to quickly and efficiently analyze a businesses operational model, cash flow, and understand where those things intersected with banking. A checking account is a checking account, however the ability to offer sound advice and build relationships with my clients that demonstrated a genuine commitment to helping them grow and prosper...this is what this bank business banking was about form my perspective. My manager worked diligently to give me the tools to be successful, particularly around credit analysis. HE also was very cognizant of work/life balance and maintaining our engagement around the teams strengths. The most rewarding part of my job was the the relationships I cultivated with clients and teammates and being able to be counted on as a valuable resource for the solutions to problems I provided.","Vice President Business Banking","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 27, 2012","5.0"
6866,"'Just a job'","My time in the mortgage industry had it ups and downs.At times, I loved my job, helping people buy their homes etc was a huge plus, but the micromanagement and buy outs etc were quite stressful","Specialty Lending Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 23, 2012","3.0"
6867,"I love my job but I am looking for career advancement","I have been a teller for over 8 years and I want to use all I have learned from the teller/ banker positions","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Kitty Hawk, NC","May 23, 2012","3.0"
6868,"It is a mass production shop","A good place to work. It is a mass production shop. $3,000,000 and under","Credit Risk Management","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 23, 2012","1.0"
6869,"Wire room attendant","This was a very rewarding job. If you can keep fast pace and stay efficient this is a great opportunity.","Wire Room Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2012","3.0"
6870,"Volitle work environment","I applied for a sales job in 2009. After several months of follow-up emails and calls, I was told that the position I applied for was recalled. I was offered another position and within a month that position was recalled.","Sales","Former Employee","Mortgage Lending Services","May 23, 2012","3.0"
6871,"My Opinion On this bank!"," this bank as a whole has it's problems. Treats it's employees horribly and doesn't care one bit about it's customers. All the benefits that they tell you about the company are mostly for Pittsburgh employees only. Management is the worst! Never giving any news and NEVER there to help!! Always getting to some sort of trouble example; having customers on hold for to long waiting for a department to help you. Not selling enough. They do have an AMAZING training program I learned a lot. It would have been better if the computers worked.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 22, 2012","3.0"
6872,"a lot of stress and expectations without solid support","a typical day can last 8-12 hours, depending on which branh you work in. you are on your feet all day and generally the branch is under-staffed. the customers are great, but management isn't the most supportive. the sales are difficult to make, but once you make your numbers, its a great feeling. There is a lot of poor communication within the company about job responsibilities and it is not a very consistant work enviroment. The enviroment is sales and it can be cut throat. I have learned that you should not trust a big corporation to really care about you in the end. you don't really matter to them when push comes to shove.","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","PA","May 22, 2012","2.0"
6873,"Over worked and under paid.","I would come in pass out work. Sign macros, answer questions. Help open work for distrubution. Attend meetings, Conduct meetings. Key checks, Correct transactions. End of the night audits and reports. The most enjoyable was the people. The hardest part of the job was lack of people to do the job.","Subject Matter Expert","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 21, 2012","3.0"
6874,"Great training and work environment","I like working for this bank and the personal attention that they give to you to help you try to advance. The culture is very customer centered and based on great values. Within my one year of working I have started to see the focus slowly move from customer relationships to new client acquistions.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Dulles, VA","May 18, 2012","4.0"
6875,"A Great Company To Work For","A typical day consisted of cashing checks, balance inquiries, and selling product. I have learned banks have an important job that effects customers, the business, and the world. My management was very helpful and understanding. My co-workers were pleasant to work with. The hardest part about my day was explaining to customers rules and regulations not just by the bank but the federal part as well. My most enjoyable part was meeting new people.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Tarentum, PA","May 18, 2012","5.0"
6876,"Productive in production setting workplace","I was the department coordinator. I manged all work being processed and made sure we did not miss any service level agreements. I learned how to manage my fellow employees and came up with ways on how to improve the work pace. The hardest part about my job was being in a production setting, you never know what the day is going to be like. The most enjoyable part was we never had a dull moment at work.","Work Lead Coordinator","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","May 18, 2012","4.0"
6877,"Document Services","They offer some training for employees, a benefits package, vacation based on time worked there.","Collateral Team Member","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 16, 2012","4.0"
6878,"n/a","Diagnosing and repairing problems both hardware/software.","Technical Analyst II","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","May 14, 2012","5.0"
6879,"Very Proffesional, Fast-Paced, and Team-Spirited Environment","-Process monetary transactions for customers.-Offer products and services to customers.-Supervise and coach employees.-Pull and review daily operational supports and report to upper management.-I learned important supervisory and coaching skills.-I learned how to organize and maintain confidential files.-The management was extremely helpful and supportive in all aspects of daily operations.-The most difficult part of the job was selling/referring customers for bank products and services.-The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with the customers and being able to assist them with their problems and concerns.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Turnersville, NJ","May 14, 2012","4.0"
6880,"Great Starter for employment.","Company gave me my the experience of the typical seeting of a corporate office.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","May 13, 2012","4.0"
6881,"Professional atmosphere","Professional work environment with highly engaged employees.","Trust Operations Unit Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 12, 2012","5.0"
6882,"Not a bad organization to work for","Great place to work, however, it is a giant tree of micromanagement.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","May 11, 2012","3.0"
6883,"Enjoyed interacting with co-workers and clients","Responsible for the attainment of targeted branch sales goals, correctness of platform audit information and documentation, and timeliness of branch sales promotion. Processing loans and keep all customer information confidential. Filled in for branch management and teller line staff as needed.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","May 10, 2012","4.0"
6884,"Great coworkers","Great people and very flexible. Working for a large company can make you feel very little.","Analyst","Former Employee","New York, NY","May 10, 2012","4.0"
6885,"I am looking for an organization where I can flourish. A place where I can use my skill set to help the organization as well as myself grow.","I work predominately for the high new worth reporting group. I support four regions, over 30 Investment Professions and over 7000 accounts. I manage the relationship with our reporting vendor to insure that our performance reports will deliver an accurate sophisticated picture of the client's portfolio. Not only do I enhance the reports currently in production, but I work with Investment Advisors to create new reports that would benefit the client. Most Recently I have created a Private Equity report which captures the Investment Rate of Return for these assets.","Senior Performance Measurement Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 7, 2012","3.0"
6886,"Great company to work for.","Assisted Regional Manager by supporting the fifteen branches within region. Trained all new incoming Regional Coordinators and new managers. Paid invoices for all fifteen branched i was responsible for. Preparation and maintenance various Microsoft Excel reports. Supported each branch with staffing needs.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","May 6, 2012","4.0"
6887,"The people and management are wonderful people. i'm so glad I met them."," this bank is a wonderful company. They take care of their people in ways I wouldn't of imagined. I loved working with the people I've worked with. The most enjoyable part of the job was working in the drive up and getting to see the same customers just about every single day. I will miss them.The hardest part was how slow our branch was. It was hard staying busy everyday.","Teller II","Former Employee","Ladue, MO","May 4, 2012","4.0"
6888,"Decent workplace environment","I had great management, however unfortunately lately they have been hiring externally more than promoting internally. Also several co-workers have been let go due to minor kyc violations. assistant branch managers are being laid off in regions and communication is horrible.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Woodbridge, VA","May 3, 2012","3.0"
6889,"Never Overworked - But Allways Underpaid","I fairly laid back work environment. Management allways respectable and do their best to keep everyone happy. Limited advancement apportunities.","Credit Risk Analyst IV","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 3, 2012","4.0"
6890,"Productive Development Opportunity","Great career development opportunities, will allow you to seek other opportunities within the company. Will provide resources to perform everyday job duties","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","May 2, 2012","4.0"
6891,"Fun environment to work at. On certain holidays the company will celebrate with employees","The day starts with me signing on to outlook to respond to all outstanding e-mails. The phones immediately start ringing with request for information or scheduling appointments for my boss. I may have to reconcile her expense report. Make travel arrangements for outside meeting. This would include making overnight hotel acccomdations. I usually have certain projects that are ongoing such as setting co-workers up to have access to research tools that would help them with projects that they may be working on. Update a master calendar of events. The hardest part of my job sometimes is trying to get information from some people inorder to complete a job assignment. The most enjoyable part of my job is completing a huge project sucessfully.","Events Coordinator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 1, 2012","5.0"
6892,"Productive, caring, fun, place to be employed","After being employed with customer service for over 7 years, I learned a lot of patience, to mutli-task, compassion, made a lot of great friends and built a great relationship with management. I also worked on our corporate support and help desk which allowed me to opportunity to deal with the bank branches, loan officers, high end customers, our help desk allowed me to opportunity to be a team-lead to help out reps on the floor, and make supervisory decisions when it came to customer situations. I eventually moved on within the company to take on new skills and became a mortgage insurance processor. This department was the total opposite, I don't have to deal with customers, i don't have to talk on the phone at all. I have the ability to work at my own pace but still have productivity and quality standards to meet. I really love this department and my co workers; I enjoyed learning FHA/HUD processes and about MIP insurance. It gave a new aspect on the mortgages, and the company. It allotted me the opportunity to gain new knowledge and experience.","Mortgage Escrow Specialist - FHA","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 1, 2012","4.0"
6893,"Good place to work","Ease, Confidence, & AchievementVery family friendly companyRanked top 5 places for working mothers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","April 29, 2012","4.0"
6894,"Good company with great potential","Investor Services/Operations Mgr for staff of 15 to 25. Every aspect of Mutual/Hedge Funds operations.I learned EVERYTHING about mutual funds from the ground up. I was given a great opportunity by some great leaders.My co-workers were the best. We were on cohesive unit, company wide on attaining the nbr. one company.Hardest part of the job was the endless hours, holidays, nights, weekends, vacations.Most enjoyable part of the job was delivering first class service to the client, and they extremely happy with our service","Alternative Investments","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 28, 2012","4.0"
6895,"Productive and fun place to work","Daily communication with business clients in regards to their checking, savings, and loan accounts. Management is great in solving problems and co-workers make each day extremely enjoyable. Some difficulties associated with the job are obscure questions asked by clients, but utilize coaches and managers make it easy to find resolutions. The most enjoyable and rewards part of the job it satisfying customers needs on a daily basis!","Business Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 27, 2012","5.0"
6896,"one of the best banks to work for","The most important thing is customer relationship. The goals are good and not impossible to achieve. Schedule is kind of hard, especially not being home all day long, however the team is great in working around days off.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 26, 2012","5.0"
6897,"Hard work","Working at this bank has given me very valuable experience in the banking/financial field. I have picked up valuable skills such as good time management, attention to detail, critical thinking, and problem solving. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to help customers with their financial needs/wants.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Royersford, PA","April 26, 2012","4.0"
6898,"Good place with great people to work with","My time at this bank was made enjoyable by the people I worked with, very personable and made me feel at home while always willing to help me with whatever questions I had making that aspect of the job very positive. I learned to not sit back and expect to be told what to do but take iniative and ask what it is that is expected of me. The only negative I could really say was, and this might have only been my department, their complete disorganization and lack of communication leaving me to feel very much in the dark as to what was going on and what I should be doing almost my entire stint there not to mention that management left a lot to be desired. She was never available and slow to respond to any inquiries we might have, in her defense she had a lot on her plate but for that reason she should have never been the sole manager and go to person responsible for such a small department as she was very out of touch and clueless as to what went on with us.","Financial Consultant Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 26, 2012","4.0"
6899,"Good company to grow if you are willing to stand a pressure.","Company will give you a chance to grow with avarage of working compansation , be ready not to have your persinal life.","AVP","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","April 26, 2012","4.0"
