"Never Work Here.","Currently work here as an application developer. They simply do not respect your time of home life. They will work you all kinds of crazy hours. I have worked many 20 hour days. Management does not follow this bank's rules and guidelines. They're pretty much given free reign and aren't govern or checked, so basically, you're at the mercy of your manager whether you perform well or not. Minorities have a harder time getting management positions. They are overworking their skilled employees and underworking the people right out of college with no skills. Very bizarre work environment.","Java and Oracle DB Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 18, 2017","1.0"
"Intensive work place","Hard place to work for. As the company grows employee benefits decrease. Not a work life balance. this bank values new employees more than senior employees. It's truly unfortunate","Bank Assistant Branch Manager Prospect Point","Current Employee","Prospect","December 18, 2017","3.0"
"recommend","good opportunity and training was adequate. communication of expectations and work related changes were timely. I think it was over-all a decent place to work.","Remote Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 17, 2017","3.0"
"Hard work fair pay","Hard work fair pay. No obvious path for advancement. Work was very demanding but rewarding. Genuine appreciation was received from managers on all projects.","Software Engineer III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 17, 2017","4.0"
"It was a job","I loved my branch manager but this bank def doesn't care much for their employees. They seem to always be looking for way to put more work on their employees without compensating accordingly. When I was there many people were leaving for other banks and industries because as a bank, they are only looking at the bottom line.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL","December 16, 2017","2.0"
"Good company"," this bank is a great company to work for. this bank offers amazing benefits, good hours, great coworkers, and a lot more. I learned great customer service skills, conducting sales calls, and money management. I enjoyed being able to learn about the banking industry and travel a lot within the region to help out other branches while meeting a lot of good hard-working people. Hardest part of the job was adapting to a lot of change from software to new employees/managers every so often. Overall, this bank taught me a lot skills and I believe it is a great stepping stone that will lead to better opportunities.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Glenview, IL","December 16, 2017","4.0"
"Management issues","In the branch that I worked at it seemed as though you couldn't advance your career. People wanted to hold you back. They didn't want to see anyone succeed.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Martins Ferry, OH","December 15, 2017","3.0"
"Overall","The people were very nice. The working environment was fine. The pace was non-stop. But, working at the call center was not a good fit for my situation. T","Customer Care and Support Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15212","December 15, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Review","I hate call centers, but as far as they go, this bank is a good one to work for. I truly feel that this is a company that cares about its workers. They are very accommodating for many different life events.","Customer Care Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2017","4.0"
"Full Service Retail Bank"," this bank is a great place to work; however, the potential for job advancement is difficult for someone wishing to not work in a customer-facing environment in the Chicago Market.","Officer","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 14, 2017","3.0"
"Great Place to Work","A typical day at this bank would start off with a short meeting about goals and what the focus is for the day. You will get the opportunity to learn as much as you can. Management will hold you accountable for all goals no met and what ever areas you may be lacking. My suggestion for most would be to speak with your manager about your necessary improvements, draw up an action plan, and hold yourself to that plan. That's the best way to succeed. The workplace culture is very competitive because everyone has their own set of goals to meet. The hardest part of the job is the stress that comes with the territory. The most enjoyable part of the job is having the fruits of your labor pay off and be recognized for it among your peers at an annual company wide recognition awards dinner. I LOVED working here. if you can manage stress well and are extremely competitive then this job is great for you.","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 14, 2017","4.0"
"good company to work for","Great organization to work for , management cares for employees and provide good support when needed . Management was patient and honest lot of work and overtime as needed . staff consisted o younger generation and older employees which shgw an adequate balance","Customer Service","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 14, 2017","4.0"
"it was alright","not the best not the worst but pay wise not anything to talk about.health benefits also were horrible and commission structure isn't the best, only good t get your foot into the banking industry","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Lincolnwood, IL","December 14, 2017","3.0"
"Sales and Service","This is a stressful place to work but can achieve goal with practice and learning. As I just started working here so it is too early to comment on other aspects.","Sales and Service Representative II","Current Employee","West Bloomfield Township, MI","December 13, 2017","4.0"
"Relaxing environment","Mainly just data entry. It was very relaxed. I truly enjoy data entry, especially 10 key and that's mainly what this job was. Great people that I worked with. The supervisor wasn't the best and I would have traded him for anyone else.","Data Processing Clerk","Former Employee","Springfield, IL","December 13, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and stressful place to work at","Experience started out great. Opportunities for bonuses, but they were very hard, and sometimes unattainable goals to reach. Started to become very stressful after about the first 6 months. Job security was questionable. Very high turn around rate. Work Life balance wasn't good at all! Great benefits. Learned the value of banking, and managing credit.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Dumont, NJ","December 12, 2017","3.0"
" this bank review"," this bank is a great place to work! My manager was very supportive in everything, however many times the regional management liked to micro manage! It also seemed like they wanted us to work six days a week but still within the 40hrs!","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 12, 2017","4.0"
"teller","I have learned a lot about the teller line. having patiently. no overtime, I like overtime for the holidays. become stressful when balance at the end of the night","Teller I","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 12, 2017","3.0"
"Worst place to work as very lacking in management","I never recommend anyone going to solution architecture group as very poor management and lack of budget forecasting. Very volatile environment and no proper laying out projects or work load distribution","Solution Architect","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 12, 2017","1.0"
"Competitive workplace, nowhere to excel","Tellers would often bicker and get jealous from one another. A lot of pointless drama no matter what branch you're at. Turnover is so high that this bank gave the tellers raises but management shows a lack of appreciation for employees because they come and go. Pay was decent hours are not flexible because the bank is only open so many hours. Very strict policy and procedures because you're dealing with money and personal information of the customers. A lot of pressure to sell and be knowledgeable about products.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","December 11, 2017","4.0"
"Worst culture i have ever workef","Awful. Caustic work environment. Turnover off chart. No matter which state you work in you will hear the same horror studies. If you don't mind hearng 50 times a day how bad you suck you will like it here. I hope you don't mind endless buearocracy.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Buckingham, PA","December 11, 2017","1.0"
"productive and pleasant atmosphere","I loved working for this company they work around family and work schedule always room for advancement managers always wiling to help I would still be working but I want to work closer to home","Compliance analyst","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","December 11, 2017","5.0"
"Sales driven and under-staffed","Most locations are under-staffed and floaters are not sent to necessary branches. Management rides you about sales goals all while reminding you 'not to push product'.","Services Representative","Former Employee","Laurinburg, NC","December 11, 2017","3.0"
"Very productive environment","They keep you moving not just mentally. Detail oriented people need apply. Sales goals are quite competitive along with others in your district and region. True team philosophy.","Teller","Former Employee","Mullica Hill, NJ","December 10, 2017","5.0"
"Work Life Balance","Allows up to one day per week working at home. The culture is relaxed but daily productivity is needed to make your goals. Most individuals have been working at this bank for a number of years.","Underwriting Analyst","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 10, 2017","4.0"
"great start, not as great finish","when I started there was extensive training and the thought of helping individuals grow their finances, after a few months it became more about sales and getting production. main focus is on pushing, instead of financial wellbeing","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Severna Park, MD","December 10, 2017","3.0"
"Never Again","I obviously quit my position at this bank for lack of advanced opportunities that were presented to me. I was constantly over goal each month. Not a great place to work.","Banker","Former Employee","Youngstown, OH","December 9, 2017","2.0"
"Good","Good place to work in, okay management. Monday to Saturday. most holidays off. The pay is better than any other bank. good environment. will learn a lot","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","December 8, 2017","4.0"
"A productive and steady work enviornment","A typical day at work involved a steady flow of calls. I learned a lot about account handling and opening accounts and how to take more calls in a call center setting than I had before.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","December 8, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work"," this bank was a great starting place for me in the financial institution industry. I left my job with this bank for an advancement opportunity within the bank with PFPC Trust Company.","Data Control Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 8, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible management","Terrible management, they put a lot on with little pay, referral expectations is out of this world, you do something good no praise and soon as you mess up the whole world has ended, and there just no respect. Only good thing about being a teller was my fellow colleagues."," this bank teller and lobby management","Former Employee","Clinton, MD","December 8, 2017","2.0"
"Don't get pregnant or have small children","If you get pregnant your days are numbered, and depending on what area your branch is in, don't expect diversity. I was bullied while pregnant, made to lift heavy things and my lunch was my only break.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","December 8, 2017","2.0"
"overall good","Working at this bank was enjoyable with the branch personnel. Fast paced with an emphasis on sales, rather than customer service for beginning employees. Great schedule.","Teller","Former Employee","Lagrange, KY","December 8, 2017","4.0"
"no comments","good bank, very good training and management , workplace culture good, good learning experiences, very busy branches, bank believes in career advancement for their employees.","NJ - Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","chews landing, NJ","December 8, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful work environment","They act like they care about the customers, but all they want are sales. They concentrate on the this bank conversation which centers around clients finances. The goal of this conversation is to get clients to move over their investments to this bank or to sell them a financial service that isn't necessarily needed.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","December 7, 2017","1.0"
"Great place to work","Great training program. The work atmosphere is friendly and inviting. Managers seem genuinely concerned about your performance and agreadvancement. Opportunities for advancement.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","December 7, 2017","4.0"
"Teller","Not the best environment very complicated for part-time employees to do other things besides work. If you are a student make sure to be flexible as they will not be.","Teller","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","December 7, 2017","1.0"
"Na","NA No sharing information about a company I no longer work for you want me information get in contact with them by calling local branch or applying onliine.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 7, 2017","5.0"
"Many times the situation could be stressful with Customer service.","This bank was located in a poor area in the city. Twice while I was there the bank was robbed once with gun and the other a bomb threat. I enjoyed helping people with their finances as car loans, mortgages, opening savings and checking accounts and assisting our customers with day to day financial needs.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 6, 2017","3.0"
"A great place to work. Pay is good and people are friendly. I have learned a lot in all different areas of banking from each department I have worke","A great place to work. Pay is good and people are friendly. I have learned a lot in all different areas of banking from each department I have worked in.","Treasury Management Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 6, 2017","4.0"
"Laid back and Friendly","A typical day at work was opening the branch and assisted customer by opening account, performing teller transactions and etc. I learned how to navigate through a very unstructured guidelines. It taught me to think outside the box in order to execute completion of projects. The culture was somewhat laid back. I would have liked to see more consistency and structure to create a better employee moral. The most enjoyable part of the job was doing the job itself. I loved being a teller supervisor and leading my example.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 6, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible place to work!!","I worked for this bank for 3+ years and the environment is great, but the management is terrible, the expectations are high and unrealistic. The pay is terrible as well, and fun fact this bank employees make the same amount as Aldi cashiers (how?). Oh and if you quit or get fired all paid vacation time has to be paid back. The turn over rate for this bank is the highest in Kalamazoo (another fun fact). So if you don't mind having managers look over your shoulder and punish you for every little thing you do and if you're willing to receive the same pay as a cashier for 10x the work than this bank is the place for you. I wouldn't recommend wasting your time. It's not worth the stress and headache.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 5, 2017","1.0"
"Meh","I worked in a call center in Pittsburgh. The Good: They offer competitive pay. I was making $16.58 or something like that. The turnover is so bad they almost have to. On that note, you can tell the company is trying really hard to make it a good place to work, so maybe it wasn't at the top of it's game when I left, but it's heading in a really good direction. The Bad: You are literally just getting yelled out by customers who can't manage their money and need someone else to blame. What's worse is this bank does not care.","Customer Service Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 5, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to work","I loved my job but I needed more money so I took a banking job in suburbs....Worst move ever. Money does not trump working for a company you enjoy working for.","Wire Technician III","Former Employee","Philadephia, PA","December 5, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank offers ok benefits, but really benefit in the environment. I feel that the environment is great for creativity and motivation. Management creates a collective group effort.","II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 5, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","I was a branch manager for 5 years. It was a great place to work until they had a change in the Regional Manager. I left after 5 years of being their due to that change.If not for that reason i feel i would still be there.","Vice President Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cresskill, NJ","December 5, 2017","1.0"
"Good Environment","I enjoyed working for this bank and would recommend it. Although the pay was not great for me as a single mom, it would be good wage for a second income.","Teller","Former Employee","Warsaw, IN","December 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great financial services company, poor pay","Previous role of WorkPlace Sales Consultant in Dayton, Oh had great management and incentive. this bank changed incentive to poorly focused. My last role I took due to relocation to Naples, Florida. Poor management, poor and changing to worse compensation","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Naples, FL","December 5, 2017","3.0"
"Uneducated Management","If they promote within the people they are promoting are lazy and don't know anything about running a branch, audits, or training people. Managers put their work off on other people and if something that they were supposed to do doesn't get done they blame it on the team.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","December 4, 2017","3.0"
"Great","Great work environment. Lots of opportunity to grow especially if you put in the hard work and effort. Senior leadership lets you flourish in a competitive but fun environment","IB Real Estate Finance Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 4, 2017","5.0"
"Personal Banker"," this bank was a great company to work for. The attitude was relaxed, the sales goals were minimum and management was friendly. Overall, working at this bank was easy and relaxed.","Service Associate","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","December 3, 2017","5.0"
"daily work","I works about 46 hours a week as a part time employee and then I was promoted to a full time employee after work several months do several others job. I was a back up teller supervisors. I did that job on a daily basis before being let go. I feel I was let go because I said something to management about doing some else's job and not be paid for the position","Teller - Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Warren, PA 16365","December 3, 2017","3.0"
"As a corporation its a great company to work for","Its a good company to work for if you are in a right branch. Higher management is very professional and very supportive. They do provide good training when candidate starts as a teller.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 3, 2017","5.0"
"Friends at work","The ladies at this bank would always make sure you are doing well and loved to make work a fun yet professional environment. I would have stayed there long-term if it had not been a short-term contract position.","Teller","Former Employee","Kill Devil Hills, NC","December 2, 2017","5.0"
"Lovely employer and fellow staff, difficult to work as a single income family.","Love my coworkers and the clientele but the income is not enough to sustain myself and children, as a single income household. There is room for advancement and great benefits.","Teller","Current Employee","Aurora, IL","December 1, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","I came into banking with no experience and have learned so much in my 2 years here. I would like to move to the underwriting side of banking but unfortunately that would be relocating to a different state.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Melbourne, FL","December 1, 2017","4.0"
"Great benefits, poor communication","The company treats their employees well as far as benefits and vacation, but they do not communicate well from the higher executives down to the management teams that you see in branches. The execs create extremely unrealistic goals because they are unaware of what it is really like to work in the branches. Then the management teams are browbeaten for not meeting said goals and it trickles down to how they treat their employees.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Virginia","December 1, 2017","3.0"
"Nice company to work with","is a good company to work for. They have great benefits, atmosphere, flexibility, work-life balance and the people are friendly. There are opportunities to move around and potentially upward within the company. I wish there were more companies like this one around.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","E7Y","November 30, 2017","5.0"
"Teller responsibilities are achievable, but skewed.","Although there was a 'typical day' expectation, a typical day was rather rare. Pushing sales and dealing with off-loaded phone calls added great stress to the day's rhythm. Be sure to keep your personal life absent. Diversity is lauded, until it is demonstrated. this bank prefers robots; and that is what is expected. Prepare to be bullied - at great length. Do not share challenges, as they will become obstacles. Smile, be polite, and lie: These are the qualities that this bank prefers.","Teller II","Former Employee","Virginia","November 30, 2017","1.0"
"very good place to work","working with this bank was a great honor for me. I really enjoyed working there. I learned so many new things from that job. this job was really challenging for me but I was able to succeed.","QUALITY ANALYST","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great group of people","Typical day at work : Send memos to customers , send checks , key rebates. Run Exception reporting answer phone calls etc. The most enjoyable part of my job are the co workers. A great group of people","Senior Loan Support Specialist II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 29, 2017","5.0"
"Meh","There's ok room for advancement even though they make you feel like there is. The company is really uptight and they say it's for the customer experience but it puts undue stress on employees","REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 29, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced halftime, poor management","the management at the branch I was placed was horrible. I was never trained in the branch. There's no direction or guidance at all. I learned through trial and error. The day moves pretty slow and many tasks aren't that hard but all the inside information, like rules and policies, and branch codes and safety wasn't taught to me and is essential for doing the job. Which makes my job harder. Also the hours were terrible for a part time worker","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","November 29, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work. Just needed a better pay. Managers decisions are ethical and practical. Great place as far as being rewarding. They do value their employees. Loved my Coworkers.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","November 29, 2017","4.0"
"Bad Management","Working at this bank probably wouldn't have been as terrible of an experience if there was better management. My manager claims to care about the feelings and well-being of the other employees but is constantly proving otherwise by her actions.","Teller","Current Employee","Butler, PA","November 28, 2017","3.0"
"Good people but poor work life balance","The people that work for the mortgage company are very good. Positions in management have poor work/life balance as there is no away from the office. Technology is not very good so have to compensate with more time to fix systems","Vice President - Investor Operations Group Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 28, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Great company to start out with and look to advance through out the company. Clients are great but are probably different in south than they are in the north. Management is a shot in the dark because some are great at their jobs and others need some coaching.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Cumming, GA","November 27, 2017","4.0"
"Sales focused","I enjoyed working here with my customers and employees. My manager was helpful and there for support as well. I was recognized often for my work and given the opportunity to move up in the company. I learned allot from my manager and co managers as well. I would like to go back if the opportunity arose again for me.","AVP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Loves Park, IL 61111","November 27, 2017","5.0"
"horrible place to work","This is the most negative place you will ever work. They care about the money and nothing else. The pay is very non competitive and they take pride in their extremely high turn over rates.","Business Sales Service Representative","Current Employee","harford co md","November 27, 2017","1.0"
"Community based work place"," this bank provided opportunities for growth and education within the company. They had several events available to employee involvement in their communities. They also allowed for time off to volunteer in your local community.","Hazard Loss Claims Supervisor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 26, 2017","3.0"
" this bank great place"," this bank is a great place to work and has a very good work/life balance when advocating for it's employee's. this bank also offers wonderful benefits and focus on each employee.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Kirkwood, MO","November 26, 2017","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a quality employer to begin a career with. It may be challenging to receive market compensation commensurate with job titles as you move up in the company.","Senior Finance Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 25, 2017","4.0"
"Nice place to work","Worked from home mostly. Would make phone calls and start entering loan information. I learned this new computer system that was much easier that others. It was most enjoyable. Management was extremely helpful. They were always there to helf. This company is very organized. The hardest/best part of the job was visiting my branches the first time. Everyone was very helpful. I was sad to leave but I needed to make more money The most enjoyable part of the job was the few friends that I met there.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Langhorne, PA","November 25, 2017","5.0"
"underpaid","management will terminate you from pure jealousy. long hours and will cut the opportunity of you making overtime just so management can receive large bonuses.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 24, 2017","1.0"
"Work hours along with work week Monday through Friday. The ability to advance my career within the company.","Pleasant atmosphere within the corporation. Management was great to work for along with employees. Offered training courses to expand my knowledge and provide career opportunities.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 23, 2017","4.0"
"enjoyable place to work depending on location","depending on role job can be stressful. As with any job it depends on the manager to lead, often managers are a revolving door so company often lacked sufficient or appropriate management.","FINANCIAL SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Cinnaminson, NJ","November 22, 2017","5.0"
"Low wages and no work life balance.","I worked more then 40 hours a week and did not get paid for it. My manager did not care about his team and was just overall bad at his job. He was concerned about his own sales.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 22, 2017","2.0"
"Productive & high volume position","Our department recently experienced a change in management. Over the past few years under previous management, there were no promotions, non-competitive compensation, bare minimum raises, hardly no work/home life balance and zero appreciation (from upper management). These situations have led to low morale and very high employee turnover; we have been losing talent to other banks that provide much better compensation. I can only hope things gets better under new management.-","Booker","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 22, 2017","3.0"
"Typical Day","Great work life balance. Learned a lot about loans and how to process. Workplace culture is average. Hardest part of the job is the unexpected that happens at work.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 21, 2017","4.0"
"Decent Place to work","A typical day for me was hosting conference calls with the branches that I was supporting. I routinely traveled to the branches which were located in various markets/states for ongoing training and coaching of the branch teams. My position was eliminated and the assistance I received to find another job within the bank was not adequate or helpful.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Multiple locations","November 21, 2017","4.0"
"Boring","The duties were pretty easy. The people were polite and friendly. The environment was easy-going. There was room for advancement. It was pretty boring working there.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Jenkintown, PA","November 21, 2017","4.0"
" this bank review"," this bank is a premier employer in the Chicago area. A very professional operation and I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to work here. I would recommend this company to job seekers.","Technical Writer","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 21, 2017","5.0"
"Extremely micromanaged","Heavily micromanaged throughout the day. Worked in a 'Universal branch', meaning we did the jobs of both tellers and platform bankers, but were not compensated any more for it. Co-workers were great, but the manager did a poor job of preparing me when I first started and you are put into a sink-or-swim environment. Benefits were ok, but the pay was extremely lacking compared to what bankers at other banks receive. Also, deceptive hiring as they do not tell you about the cold sale calls you will be making. Ok job if you have a salesman personality, but would not recommend for most people.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Southampton, NJ","November 21, 2017","3.0"
"workplace environment","The work environment was ok and manageable. I along with fellow coworkers were having problems with how we were managed. Other than that the workplace was enjoyable. the hardest part of the job I would say is setting up mortages and car loans.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Palm Beach, FL","November 20, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible place to work and they don't care about their employees. High turnover rate. Find any excuse to get rid of you. Worst company .","Terrible company to work for. They don't care about their employees and let you know all the time that you are replaceable. If your successful its never good enough and if your too successful on your bonuses They find a reason to get rid of you.","BSSA","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, SC","November 19, 2017","1.0"
"Corporate environment","Very pushy on sales goals and speaking in a corporate way. Really gave no room for personality. Were never quite pleased with production. Could lose job at any moment from any number of mistakes.","Teller","Former Employee","Kentwood, MI","November 19, 2017","2.0"
"Productive and highly impactful","Very advanced banking institution with great vision for technology and customer service, product development. A big national bank with a community focus.","Vice President Community Development","Current Employee","Wisconsin","November 18, 2017","4.0"
"Fast-Paced, Fun Atmosphere","I loved my job at this bank. The employees I worked with were superior to any other place I had been, and the manager for the branch was truly amazing. There was always a push for sales, but it was always a need based sale. The incentive system was pretty good, but could definitely be improved, as your largest bonus was at the mercy of every client, which could or could not hurt you. Often, any poor reviews were due to circumstance out of your control. However, though there were bad interactions, all of the positive interactions made your day great. Overall, an enjoyable work atmosphere and a strong company to be with.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hueytown, AL","November 17, 2017","5.0"
"Awful","Horrible work life balance, management wants to exceed goals on loans yet gets upset if you exceed 40 hours per work (which is required to accomplish goal). Someone is always watching you. You cannot leave your desk for too long without someone asking where you went.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 17, 2017","1.0"
"Underwriter","Excellent corporate culture, a company with complete integrity. No wonder they win awards every year as one of the best places to work. Excellent benefits and excellent work environment.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 17, 2017","5.0"
"Secure Job but promotions are based on who you know or who likes you","I have always like my job but it got to a point that I was no given the chance to learn new things or advance.. Regional does and assigns who ever he wants better say who he likes. Each employee has a sign and it is stigmatized and It is really hard to prove yourself otherwise after you have a certain level. Love my coworkers , poor management , there is no coaching,","Senior Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","November 17, 2017","3.0"
"Work Life Imbalance","Very typical sales culture of 'what have you done for me lately.' Difficulty keeping branches staffed with quality employees, very high turnover rate inside the locations made hitting goals tough.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","November 16, 2017","3.0"
"Great people to work with","My role as a teller was great because I was able to help many households with their financial well-being but the pay for my job was not consistent with the quality of work I was putting into it. Although we got quarterly bonuses, my hourly pay was significantly less than other tellers from other companies. this bank just recently changed their pay rate and is now starting new hires with no experience more than what I was making when I left after almost 5 years of service. I also crossed trained as a customer service associate. There are opportunities to advance within the company as long as your willing to move around to different branches.","Teller","Former Employee","Seaford, DE","November 15, 2017","3.0"
"Fast paced and competitive","The branch I worked in was pretty slow so I was loaned out to a few of the other branches regularly. It was always fun meeting new people but it is an adjustment. People were very competitive there was always some kind of referral contest at every branch. My manager was awesome but not all are the same.Overall it was fun.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Seminole, FL","November 15, 2017","4.0"
"It's a great place to work, but...","I have worked with this bank for 7 years. I advanced within the company from an entry level position. However, for further advancement, it seems nonexistent. The pay is great to some, but if you live in a big city like myself and have rent, car payment, insurance and other bill necessities, you may have to stretch a penny. The benefits are good, but you get what you pay for. The more money you designate out of your paycheck, the better your benefits are. All in all, this bank is a great company to work for. My passion is just leading me elsewhere.","Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 15, 2017","3.0"
"general","The managers interviewed prospective underwriters based on word of mouth without actually determining if they were a good fit for the position. Bonus program is difficult to achieve as there is not enough work available.","Residential Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 14, 2017","3.0"
"Great Company to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. They really care about their employees and you're not just a number. The bonuses they provide are awesome as well.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Montgomery, AL","November 13, 2017","5.0"
"Enjoy My Job","I love my position within this bank but I'm keeping my options open to career advancement and better opportunities. I just want to see what is available to me.","Credit Administrator Analyst - REO Department","Current Employee","West Chester, OH","November 13, 2017","4.0"
"okay place to work","the job was very cut throat every man for themselves. they only looked out for management and treatly the tellers as if they were secondly when the clients met with us first. I felt very little working for them.","Teller","Former Employee","University Heights, OH","November 13, 2017","1.0"
"great company but too much work load"," this bank is a great organization, but senior management is out of touch with the demands and day to day at the branch level. Senior Management places more work load on Branch Managers to avoid overtime of other branch staff and have so much reporting requirements that it has created a micromanaged feel of an environment.","AVP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 13, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Very strict with referrals and a tough job for tellers. Handling large amounts of cash can be very stressful, and with good management this bank is a good bank to work for.","Teller","Current Employee","Vero Beach, FL 32960","November 12, 2017","1.0"
"Branch Manager","Supervisor of two Branch Offices. Opening protocol to established every morning for employee and client safety. everyday operations to be monitored. making decisions on a manager's level and safeguarding the bank.","Community Banking Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 12, 2017","4.0"
"good job","great work from home program. It could be opened to 5 days. The management is good but not a lot of room for advancement. The salary band are good but the raises could be more.","Analytics Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fast, Fun, and Friendly Enviiorment","Multi Cultural environment with a melting pot of knowledge. Company is well versed in Industry changes and updates and makes insure all employees are up to date as well.","File Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 10, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place to work","Healthy work environment. Managers were always available to assist or answer questions. Excellent Benefits and a good salary. Consistent in providing excellent customer service.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Keyport, NJ","November 10, 2017","5.0"
"Good starting job","Worked here out of college. Good place to start and you will learn a lot about money management. Can be boring and slow but typically very low stress. Good work life balance, you get 15 vacation days off the bat and 10 paid holidays.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","November 9, 2017","4.0"
"Work culture","I worked at this bank after a recent merger with RBC. The this bank culture was much different. Several of the tenured employees from RBC seems to really have trouble with this change. Also, PCG was new to Alabama. There were some growing pains with getting this line of business rolled out successfully.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Madison, AL","November 9, 2017","3.0"
"Challenging","Could be more room for opportunity and also clearer communication when it comes to how you will be paid. Also vacation days you really have to take them when they let you based on the allotted time available. So you cannot use it as you need it.","Business Banking Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 9, 2017","5.0"
"it is a good company","j have been doing mortgage loans for 2o years i need a change. they have plenty of customers to speak with and try to help save money on thier current mortgage.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","New Berlin, WI","November 8, 2017","4.0"
"Company is still under going changes that I do not agree with.","For many years with this bank Wealth Management I felt accomplished and very proud to work for a corporation that cared about the employees and clients. Unfortunately, the company changed policies and management where I could no longer be a part of the undesirable changes.","VP Senior Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Erie, PA and Naples, FL","November 8, 2017","3.0"
"Not very flexible","decent pay with commission but without, pay sucks. as a collector , you can make decent money, unless there are staffing issues then the department as a whole suffers.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 8, 2017","4.0"
"Great","Great Job wasn't there long enough to really enjoy it. they really invest into their employees and want them to succeed. Fast paced and really want you to well in sales","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","November 8, 2017","3.0"
"Decent Compensation, Not Much Else","This was the type of job that gives you training, and seemingly plenty of it, yet when you actually get to the implementation it is vastly different. The scenarios given and the training provided does not, realistically, give you any sense of what you will be doing on a day to day basis. Once training ends, you are essentially on your own and any questions you ask can be answered any number of different ways depending on who you ask. It is rather haphazard and not recommended.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 8, 2017","1.0"
"Good people and good opportunity for advancement","Lots of room for advancement. Pleasant working conditions, good managers and co-workers. No micromanagement of employees. The hardest part of the job was the technology.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 7, 2017","4.0"
"Not a bad employer","Overall it's a good place to work with decent benefits. Most roles are low-stress. The biggest draw back is there no career advancement unless you know someone. You can be in the top two applicants numerous times for new roles but will always loose out if the other person knows someone and they usually do.","REPORTING ANALYST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 7, 2017","4.0"
"stressful","Worst place to work. Stealing from customers by lying to them. Putting pressure on the employees. No work life balance. very stressful place to work at.","Banker","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","November 6, 2017","1.0"
"Sales, not typical banking","This job would be ideal for someone who is interested in selling a product rather than making an impact and forging relationships. Not pleasing to those who would rather do something along those lines.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Maryland","November 6, 2017","2.0"
"A company that cares about their employees","Under my own guise, I work at my own pace with accuracy of work being top of mind. The culture is friendly, motivating, and relaxed. The balance of work and life is the best I've ever been a part of.","Operations Analyst - Data Entry","Current Employee","Bay City, MI","November 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great company, bad pay","Across the board, retail banking salaries are low. The work environment is fantastic. There is comprehensive training for the banking products, however they seriously lack on teller training. One quick transaction could cost you your job.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Canton, OH","November 5, 2017","4.0"
"Burnout, poor work / life balance","The fraud organization at this bank is a never ending series of management, direction, and organizational changes. Stability is very uncommon therefore no one has the chance to develop into the role before another reorganization unfolds. Work life balance is very poor unfortunately - unrealistic expectations at the executive level and no staffing support leads to long hours, frustration, and burnout. There are lots of managers but very few (in any) leaders in the fraud space, I cannot say this is how other areas of this bank operate as I have never worked outside the fraud space.","fraud","Current Employee","PA","November 5, 2017","1.0"
"na","business is customer focused. satisfaction received when a customer is approved for a mortgage. Ability to work from home. Great benefits. Management is supportive.","Senior Exception Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 5, 2017","5.0"
"Not at this time","A very typical day at worked can be very stressful . i just wish at my office we could worked more has a team .The hard part of my job is when I have to cover the lobby by myself it very hard for me because i feel i am doing disservice to some of my customer . The most enjoyable part of the job when my customer give me a thank you note for helping them.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","November 4, 2017","5.0"
"The hardest part of my job","I did not always know how or when the mail was going to arrive to be processed. It made the daily work flow hard to plan and many days I had to plan on the fly with my team to get the work completed.","Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 4, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced, but overall good company","The only issue I had at the branch I worked in was the manager. She would stand behind each employees desk one at a time. When an issue would arise,she wouldn't get involved. She would go back to her desk,put her feet up on the desk and drink her coffee. Would tell others to handle it. Her boss even told her she doesn't treat her team members respectfully. She was dismissed.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2017","3.0"
"I'm here","It's a nice place to work lacks in pay and health insurance but makes up for it with time off and environment. Once again the pay could be higher seeing as though this job is repetitious and stressful at times","Help Desk Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to gain experience"," this bank can be a great place to work if you are looking for advancement in a specific area (Retail Management) or are willing to relocate to a couple major cities. The commission setup is difficult to make work depending on what area you work. It can be a very stressful job because of quotas that change depending on what is lacking in the area","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Marietta, GA","November 3, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work. The atmosphere is what you make it. Will succeed by using processes In place. Incentive compensation is very fair. The culture is great as well.","Branch Sales Manager","Former Employee","Logan, OH","November 3, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Wonderful place to work and would recommend this place to work for any one. Great benefits and great staff and groups of people to work with. This a definitely #1.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 3, 2017","5.0"
"Challenging and exciting place to work.","Great management and co workers motivated to deliver excellent customer experience. Strong focus on doing what is right for the customer. Fast paced, interesting, challenging environment. Good growth and learning opportunities. Management communicates well with employees. Excellent benefit package.","Senior Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Burlington, MA","November 2, 2017","5.0"
"Productive","good management and work culture. opportunity for advancement, but they sometimes hire from outside or look over some older employees for younger employees who are more talented.","Consumer Credit Risk Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 2, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work","balanced day, sometimes busy, sometimes not. the compay employees great people. I learned a lot while i was there. I'd recommend this company to anyone who asked about it.","Loan Closing Analyst - Commercial","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","November 2, 2017","4.0"
"Loan Officer","Fast paced and very exciting to provide mortgage solutions to current customers. It was very rewarding saving clients thousands of dollars with new mortgages.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 2, 2017","5.0"
"loved it","Loved working there, sadly I had to relocate, my manager was amazing and the entire team! Everyone was always supportive and it was a true family atmosphere","Services Representative","Former Employee","Plainsboro, NJ 08536","November 1, 2017","5.0"
"It is alright","a lot of resposibility, Little training, low pay. management is hit or miss. Benefits are great and the vaction time is phenomenal. Would recommend better training and better pay for the company.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","November 1, 2017","3.0"
"Management","I loved this job. I like to help others learn things. In this role I had the opportunity to teach others and help them grow within the company. Very nice environment in this department.","SENIOR CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 1, 2017","4.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is the best company I've ever worked for. They put a great deal of effort into employee morale and creating a positive workplace. Plenty of room for advancement if you're willing to work. Excellent work-life balance.","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 1, 2017","5.0"
"Branch Banking","Very high sales expectations and the products change constantly. A lot of employee turnover causing staff shortage constantly. Strict business dress code.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 1, 2017","3.0"
"Leadership/Talent","This company struggles to find a strategic direction and follow through on its strategic objectives. This is due to its weak leadership and inability to attract and retain talent.","STRATEGIC PLANNING","Current Employee","New York, NY","October 31, 2017","2.0"
"Typical job","This job dealt with a lot of trouble shooting and customer service which develop the platform of A+ customer service. Show me how to relax with speaking on the phone and in front of people.","Centralize Customer Service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 31, 2017","5.0"
"Impossible","A financial advisor with this bank is an impossible job. You drive around to branches trying to help people who really have no intention of investing. The referrals come because the branch personnel are pressured to make referrals.","Branch Investment Advisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 31, 2017","1.0"
"Very Fast paced environment.","Management team was very dedicated to the environment of their employees. As in all aspects of banking some customers could be very demanding. Overall good experience.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","York, PA","October 31, 2017","5.0"
"Not rewarding","The most enjoyable part of my job is interaction with the customers. It is a very stressful position and the working hours make the work-life balance nearly impossible.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","PA","October 30, 2017","4.0"
"Pay and Management could be better.","I have been with this bank for a little less than 2 years. In that time, I have learned a lot from this bank. Their training is excellent and the support system is great. However, the pay is very low for all of the duties and expectations. It is also difficult to advance in your career if your branch/location is short staffed. There is rarely a conversation of your future within the company.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago","October 30, 2017","3.0"
"Good company to work for","Good company to work for. However not much opportunity for advancement. Hire managers and promote bankers to managers with no management/leadership experience,","Private Client Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Vero Beach, FL","October 30, 2017","4.0"
"typical day"," Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service displaying data entry skills.  Established new customer accounts including checking, savings, lines of credit.  Examined checks for identification, endorsement, and fraud.  Identify and refer sales opportunities with customers on bank products and services in order to meet quarterly sales goals","Professional Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 30, 2017","2.0"
"Great Working Environment","I am very pleased and honored to be working here at this bank!. I plan to retire here. I have been employed in the Customer Service field for more than 30 years. I enjoy assisting my customers on a daily basis. My position here allows me to meet people from all walks of life. I enjoy my customer interactions every day. this bank is a great place to work and has a lot of great people employed here!","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 30, 2017","5.0"
"This is a glorified sales job","You are required to sale products to the consumer whether they need them or not. Whether the products are beneficial to the consume. The banking industry is not like it used to be. This would be a great fit for slimy car salesman.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 29, 2017","2.0"
"None","Not a lot to comment on. The atmosphere was tense. Managers were not always well educated in the areas they managed. If assistance was required, it was difficult to get assistance.","Senior Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 29, 2017","3.0"
" this bank was a productive place to work."," this bank Financial Bank is a good place to work. It helped me, I had good experience working at this bank. I had a good working relationships with my colleaques.","Teller Banking Representative II","Former Employee","Trenton, NJ","October 28, 2017","5.0"
"good company to work for","decent pay good benefits and great people. the computers sometimes did not work correctly but that happens everywhere. the training could be a little better","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chestertown, MD","October 28, 2017","4.0"
"Contractor to this bank through Cognizant"," this bank is one worthy client to whom i have worked for past few months and work life balance is well maintained as well. I work as a contractor to this bank through my employer Cognizant","Test Lead","Current Employee","Los Angeles, CA","October 27, 2017","5.0"
"Best Company I Ever Worked For","Due to marriage and relocation, I had to leave this bank. If I would have been able to stay in Pittsburgh, I would still be working there. All aspects of this bank from management to work/life balance were excellent. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to use critical thinking skills to solve complex data issues early in my career. The hardest part of the job was having to leave due to marriage/relocation.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2017","5.0"
"Best Company I Ever Worked For","Due to marriage and relocation, I had to leave this bank. If I would have been able to stay in Pittsburgh, I would still be working there. All aspects of this bank from management to work/life balance were excellent. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to use critical thinking skills to solve complex data issues early in my career. The hardest part of the job was having to leave due to marriage/relocation.","Consumer Marketing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2017","5.0"
"n/a"," this bank is Great to work for i had a wonderful experience my first 2yrs there.They could use some management from with in the company, Management could be much better.","Branch Service and sale associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 27, 2017","3.0"
"Busy","Very good management at the branch I worked at, as well as very consistent workable hours. There was not much down time, and there was room for advancement if finance is your career goal.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 26, 2017","4.0"
"Smart bank","If I lived in Pitt, Cleveland or Chicago, I'd work for them in a heartbeat. I enjoyed the culture, management and the work. They get that success grows from customers and employees.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 26, 2017","5.0"
"Fast Pace","Working at this bank had it's challenges but for the most part was exciting with meeting new people everyday.Management was friendly and approachable. Workplace culture could use some work I never really got involved but at times favoritism could play it's part. The hardest part working on weekends but it was never a full day so one learned to adapt. I feel that the pay should have been more due to the nonstop atmosphere of work.","Teller","Former Employee","Martinsville, NJ","October 25, 2017","3.0"
"Loved it","Management was great. Training was formal AND paid. People who worked their were lovely and very helpful. Go in, get your drawer. Count it. Help Customers. Count Drawer again. Lock it up, and clean up. Simple job, and I loved every minute of it.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","October 25, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work depending on the job and department."," this bank is a great place to work depending on the department you work in. Recently they started to focus more on quantity than quality in certain department which lowered the moral among the team often leaving them stressed.","Credit Workout Analyst 1","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 25, 2017","3.0"
"What I learned","I learned many good skills at this bank and the banking industry. The benefits are great. this bank has taught me more financial responsibility personally and allowed me to advise others on the skills I learned.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Canal Fulton, OH","October 25, 2017","3.0"
"Fun environment / great staff","I worked pretty much 40+ hours a week with a great staff. The hardet part was staffing issues came into place with openers and closers for the branch I was working at. I enjoyed the people I worked with as well as the customers that came into our branch. The hours were steady for each week as well.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","LaGrange Park, Illinois","October 25, 2017","5.0"
"Great work place to learn many new skills","While working at this bank it was a great learning experience,and many great skills learned. Great leaning classes to update your skills. Great management that are willing to work with you.","Operation Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","October 24, 2017","5.0"
"Young atmosphere","Terrible work life balance...Buddy buddy system. Not what you know its who you know. They promote from outside instead of inside. They were hiring team leads from off the street and being trained by the agents","Customer Service RepII","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 24, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and fast paced environment","Productive and fast paced environment. I was active lead teller for 6months.Very nice coworkers but poor management and always short staff. Enjoy working with people.","active lead teller","Current Employee","Euclid, OH","October 24, 2017","3.0"
"bank environment","the job as teller was enjoyable the management was lacking. there was vacation time. i didn't like how we weren't able to get overtime in the branch. they forgot to give me my raise for 7 months.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 24, 2017","2.0"
"Nice place to work","The job for me itself was difficult as to why I'm no longer there. Some people were very nice and helpful and as any place some were not. The management was very nice and did try to help. I learned a little more with computers there. I ha checks come in that you had to figure out the problems with and then have them fixed. I did enjoy some of my time there.","Adjustment Specialist","Former Employee","Pgh PA","October 24, 2017","4.0"
"N/a","Hard place for a balance life. Not a very good connections with other departments. Good place to bank, and a good place to get experience. the people doing the managing are good, they just following the compliance rules.","Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 24, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and","it is a good bank, people are friendly. Many cohesive meetings. Budgets are in place to hardworking tellers and other branch staff. Corporate people are easy to obtain an appointment with.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 23, 2017","5.0"
"no the best","Depending on what region the branch is in depends on how the everyday life will go. They will try to help you build your career. Not the best when it comes to compensation.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Wintersville, OH","October 23, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and fun workplace with great benefits","Working for this bank was one of the most awesome jobs I had ever had. A typical day at work was fast paced and balanced. I learned how to balance my work in a timely manor. Management at this bank were very supportive and helpful. The most enjoyable part of the day was walking in this bank and seeing all the smiles the representatives had to offer.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","October 23, 2017","5.0"
"Great Benefits, Poor training","They get you in with the great benefits but have poor training in place for new hires and for new systems that are updating. Very little to no advancement if you have no degree even with knowledge and experience.","Support Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 23, 2017","3.0"
"Part time teller","One of the lowest paying banks around. It is also far behind with technology and leveraging it to process transactions.","Bank Teller - Business Banking Center","Current Employee","Annandale, VA","October 22, 2017","4.0"
"Care Sales Environment","Production and goals are what drive growth I understand, but the push and focus on numbers and sales at this bank are by far the worse I have ever experienced in my 9+ years of working. I have been in banking for 6 of those 9 and this company is horrible with the pressure. Every single day is littered with emails and conference calls about NUMBER NUMBERS NUMBERS. Your inbox will be cleared the day before and the next day you come in you see 100+ emails with every single branch flaunting about one account here one credit card there. We are literally coming in everyday to scam people into banking products PERIOD. We are forced to act as used car salesmen on a daily basis. Bonuses aren't even worth the effort and nearly impossible to hit them","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 22, 2017","2.0"
"revenue oriented","They seem to lose sight of their employees and are too focused on just making revenue. Frequent late hours with little notification. Seems to be a lot of bullying and favoritism within the company which doesn't allow for qualified employees to advance their careers.","Backup Teller Lead","Current Employee","Berlin, MD","October 21, 2017","3.0"
"Never know what to expect","I was hired in July of 2016 and on January 12th of 2017 we were all informed via a phone call that they were eliminating the Financial Specialist program as of April 21st. Poor planning. Poor management. They don't know what they want or are doing. I worked with a base salary plus commission","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Englewood, OH","October 20, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible Pay for Tellers","This bank should be ashamed of what they pay their Tellers. Tellers work with money and that is the most important thing in the bank besides the customers. And they work with the customers so that makes them work with the two most important things in a bank and they only get paid $9.82 an hour. That's awful!","Cashier","Former Employee","Kansas","October 20, 2017","1.0"
"Training is good","Management was out of touch. Very stressful with meeting goals. They hold you accountable for variables out of your control. Call nights and staying late","1st Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 19, 2017","2.0"
"Very competitive","Very focused on sales. Lots of coference calls about what you are doing wrong not right. Lots of good people work there and help make the job a lot better.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","October 19, 2017","3.0"
"decent place to work","1 decent place to work. good benefits. has a pension plan. two types of 401k and can participate in both. if not in a major city or willing to relocate, promotions are difficult to obtain","Branch Teller","Former Employee","Newberry, FL","October 19, 2017","4.0"
"Check Encoder","Encode the checks and deposits and check for balancing if needed. Always willing to help others when needed. Offered to help in other areas when needed.","Check Encoder and Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2017","5.0"
"Producttive and fun place to work"," this bank provides employees the room to grow and advance and bring your own personality to work as long as it coincides with their customer service requirements. A place where you can call home and stay for a long time.","Customer Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hyattsville, MD","October 18, 2017","5.0"
"Typical bank","Nothing new. Its a bank job and can be a good place to hone your customer service skills. No flexibility on hours and you don't get the best pay. Still ok place to work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Exton, PA","October 18, 2017","3.0"
"The hardest part of the job","The hardest part of this role is the on-the-job training experience for handling the sales and service sides of a branch store. You attend 3-5 day training workshops periodically to learn all about sales. However, there is not much preparation for handling scenarios in which you would need to provide services to customers.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","October 17, 2017","3.0"
"game room nice office","A typical day would be answering incoming calls from customers about there banking account working there I have learned to do different things all at one time the management there is great they are very caring and understanding the hardest part of the job to me is having to explain to customers where they may have went wrong on there account but the best thing about the job is getting to know customer that you never meat before and getting to know them from just a conversation","Customer service","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 17, 2017","5.0"
"stressful","the company is all about sales. Your life doesn't matter there is no support for new hires, employees are rude and not helpful, management doesn't care. unless you go in with prior this bank experience you are pretty much set up for failure.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA 19103","October 17, 2017","3.0"
"Fun to work","I have enjoyed working there and the place that I worked that I learned a lot about this and their management was good. Sometimes I get under pressure and I managed to get by the deadlines.","Data Entry Associates","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is the most underhanded company to work for","Because of the high rate of turn over, you are usually left to do the job of two to three other employees, but you are never compensated properly for it. this bank does not want you to have overtime on your paycheck, yet most days you may not get to take a lunch or be able to offset that over time. this bank lays out rules and policies that only apply to certain people when it benefits them. Management is an absolute joke. If you ever try to leave the company, even if you are in good standing with your coworkers and regional managers, those managers will try everything in their power to ensure you don't get hired anywhere else if they can help it. I know from personal experience. Not to mention sales goals are basically shoved down your throat, and if you don't meet those goals, this bank won't fire you for not meeting the goals, but they WILL fire you for not doing your 'job'. The sales pushing reminds me a lot of Wells Fargo, and if this bank is not careful, they will end up on the same chopping block that Wells Fargo has. I would never recommend this company to ANYONE.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","October 17, 2017","1.0"
"Long hours no management support"," this bank is the only bank I have ever worked for that did not require dual control to open or close the branch. Often times you were there by yourself all day.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","October 16, 2017","2.0"
"Work life Balance","Work life Balance is not balanced to well. The majority of my weekends I would often find myself having to put my family to the side to satisfy this bank and any additional free time / family time i would have to commit to this bank related activities.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","October 16, 2017","3.0"
"a lot required for little return","As a bssa you are required to exceed sales and have many goals which aren't reasonable based on your branch. Pay is low for the load work you take....","Branch Sales Service Associate","Current Employee","NJ","October 15, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","I really like my job I came with no banking experience but the training is very helpful I was able to earn a promotion in less than 6 months off being hired. They have a rule that you keep each position 1 year unless you have a written recommendation from your manager. My coworkers are great and very helpful and supportive. I have met several people who worked for the company who are either retired or quit that told me to stay it's a great place to work.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","October 15, 2017","5.0"
"Great benefits but poor management","Upper management has been degrading the quality and compansation of the job. Difficult to move up and raise are less than 1 percent. Bonus have difficult to come by and over the past 3 years have halved in the amount they pay out while manage have denied that they have.","Default specialist sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 14, 2017","3.0"
"Grea work environment","Recommend - friendly atmosphere, good work/life balance, tuition reimbursement, ability to develop career path and develop additional skills. Pleasant place to work!","Legal Secretary","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 14, 2017","5.0"
"Rocky start, terribble management","The training process was lengthy and frustrating. You were paid your reimbersments quickly, IF your manager approved them in a timely manner. Once, finally in my branch, the poor management continued and was validated by other employees. There was a lack of communication over the managers where abouts. She would come and go for hours as she pleased. We were not allowed actual breaks because of such a short staff. There was no extra coaching or help given after training, even though it was brought up to the branch manager as an issue. I personally felt demeaned and pushed aside by the branch manager.","Teller","Former Employee","Akron, OH","October 13, 2017","2.0"
"Good full time job while in college","While in college, this was an ideal job. The flexible scheduling mixed with the busy workplace was productive. However, despite popular belief, this job is predominantly sales. Goals are set high and are difficult to meet unless you really know how to talk. You have to be willing to learn, as the coaching is there. I would only recommend to those who are willing to learn to strategically sell - and you must be a people person.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","October 13, 2017","4.0"
" this bank - Good place to work","Very Challenging, motivating, and been blessed to work with great people. this bank is in growth market and looking to grow, so activities and sales are demanding. Good and diverse culture.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","NC","October 13, 2017","4.0"
"nice office to work in","I had a great supervisor and fantastic clients. I was only Peak Time so my hours were few and after 41/2 years I found a Full Time job with full benefits.","Teller","Former Employee","Bloomsbury, NJ","October 13, 2017","5.0"
"its a job","Its a good place to work at if your good at making sales. I'm not a sale person so this is not the best fit for me. Customer service I'm good with its just a matter of being nice to ppl. Westfield is the worst place to be a teller just fyi.","Teller","Current Employee","Westfield, NJ","October 13, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","the job was very faced paced learned a lot about cross selling and how to sell to people doing their grocery shopping and having to compete with a tradition branch that is in the same shopping center","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 12, 2017","4.0"
"review","all of these companies to the forefront can need more work with communication with executive that pushing a none realistic deaf tone bar and from experience it does not make the work place a great place to be around","Detail oriented sales professional","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 12, 2017","2.0"
"management","Not very impressed with management or how they treat there employees. well over worked and not paid fairly. when reported to upper management nothing gets done!","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 12, 2017","1.0"
"Typical collections shop","This is a decent place to work. There is a cafeteria on site. They have a lot of extra activities and giveaways. it is a typical collections shop. They try to create an open environment.","Administrative Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 11, 2017","3.0"
"It was cool","wasn't a horrible experience. Just a bit based off of favoritism in the call center in regards to advancement. Also, it is really stressful, you literally take your day home with you.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 11, 2017","4.0"
" this bank excellent company","what ive learned from this bank is how to respect others and their opinions. this bank diverse work place and was fair to all the hardest part of the job was keeping up with the demand of work.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2017","5.0"
"crazy day and crazy night","Inbound and outbound calls to customers to verify credit an debit card activity. fast paced with the hardest part being that a customer don't understand the process.","Investigation Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2017","3.0"
"Hep","Closed loans for Home Equity products. Worked with loan officers and underwriters throughout the process. Very fast paced position and very challenging","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2017","3.0"
"Decent place to work","Management and compensation could improve within this company. The work life balance isn't too bad except during our busy season when we work 6-7 days a week.","TAX ANALYST","Current Employee","Eastwick, PA","October 10, 2017","5.0"
"Stressful!!","I literally had panic attacks every morning before I walked into work. They want you to SELL SELL SELL! It did not matter that there weren't any opportunities to sell a credit card, mortgage or etc. They practically harassed me every day about sales. I miss my customers SO MUCH that was the only perk of working there. The 'raise' was an insult.","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","October 10, 2017","1.0"
"Very competitive","I really like the people there. I worked in a call center where I met a lot of cool people. It was a very competitive environment because there was big bonuses given every month.","NFSC","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","I was with this bank for over 5 years and still would be if family issue didn't force me to relocate to another state. The company made it very easy to advance and provided great benefits including generous paid time off.","Risk Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2017","4.0"
"Efficient workplace.","It's a great place to work because of the interaction and there are great employees that care about the job and most importantly, the customer. this bank has a great staff and continues to grow more than any other bank.","Teller","Current Employee","Trenton, NJ","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent","I think the over all company is great and the people are even better. Their was plenty room for advancement. The knowledge was vary helpful for my position and role I was placed to do.","Credit Card Consultant","Former Employee","COLUMBUS OHIO","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"teller","I like the hours that I was working Monday to Friday 9-5. very professional, office was nice environment, I was able to work in other branches learning more","Sales","Former Employee","Washington, DC","October 9, 2017","4.0"
"Lack of communication, poor management and no sense of direction.","This place is a sink or swim type of job. There is NO training that actually teaches anyone how to do their job. Because everything is so numbers driven, co-workers can't/won't make time to help new people out, and those who do are punished with poor performance ratings. Suggestions for improvement are ignored. Upper management is too busy having meetings about the meetings they have to actually take time to talk to their 'minions' to find out what is happening in the office and how they can help make the workplace a better environment. Quarterly financials talk about how much the bank is making, but at year end review they can't afford to give their employees raises. Employees feel like they are just numbers and not truly appreciated. The occasional lunch and snacks do not make up for all of the negativity in the division.","Mortgage Division","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 9, 2017","2.0"
"Great Environment","I was only a part time teller, needed full time work. The atmosphere was great and I loved my co-workers. I would not have left if it was a full time position","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Norwalk, OH","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"the people at this company are fun to work with","okay place to work. The company has room for advancement but make it very hard to do. The employees made it fun to work for the company. I learned a lot from my supervisor and manager.","Senior Bank Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 9, 2017","3.0"
"Low starting wage","Hiring freeze created more work for employees who remained. Nice work culture. Decrease in monthly bonus opportunity. Monthly bonus incentive was based on the entire team's performance.","Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 9, 2017","3.0"
"fun","typical day at work was very busy. i was pulled to different departments to assist. management was very nice. workplace was like a family. there was no hard part of the job. the most enjoyable was with coworkers we were a great team","Services Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"customer engagement activities","everyday banking operations. risk management. customer engagement with activities to draw their attention to bank's products ad how to improve their financial well-being","Columbia","Current Employee","Ellicott City, MD","October 7, 2017","5.0"
"Great Company","I was only part time so I did not get the benefits most got, this was a great company to work for. There is good training before you take the position and advancement opportunity if desired.","Teller","Former Employee","Uniontown, PA","October 7, 2017","4.0"
"Awseome Plave to Work","Great place to work, the culture is very calm and professional. The management is great they work with the work/life balance concept well. Great benefits and the hours are great!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","October 7, 2017","5.0"
"Great environment","Great people, management is always helpful but compensation could be a little higher.Very fast-paced environment which requires a very tolerable personality. Overall not bad but compensation could be higher","Business Banking Service Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2017","3.0"
"Ok place","Consistent work place, chances to advance. High turnover rates. Does require some weekends and nights. Somewhat micromanaged. Overall good place to work.","Account Manager - Consumer Default Specialist","Former Employee","oSHTEMO MI","October 5, 2017","4.0"
"nice place to work with good work/life balance","typical bank hours and the people are great. in charge of opening and closing branch, learned a lot about the financial industry, coming into it completely new; the management was very patient and willing to teach everything to me. I am very grateful.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Current Employee","Ridgefield, NJ","October 5, 2017","4.0"
"8 out of 10"," this bank is a good place to work with very generous benefits. A typical day at work would consist of working a couple of loans. The most difficult part of the job is when production is down....makes for along day. My current manager works with me and is very understanding. I get along with my co-workers","Universal Agent","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 4, 2017","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good place to work but the pay is bad. Beyond that the benefits are good, the management is good, and the Job Work/Life Balance is alright.","Retail Banking Associate","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","October 4, 2017","3.0"
"Good place that rewards long-term commitment","You'll get skills here and have opportunities to add value in your position as a BSA. New opportunities popping up as the company moves to Agile/Scrum for PM and software development. Hard to get ahead - they'll give you a title, but it doesn't come with much of a commensurate raise in salary. But it's stable - one of the largest employers where I live - and people tend to stick around overall. The benefits are above average.","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA, USA","October 4, 2017","4.0"
"Poor Management","Not a horrible company, just very bad management. Worked in several branches and not all of them were bad, but my home branch was horrible. They pick and choose when they want to follow to the rules when its convenient for them.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","October 3, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to work","I come in and pick up my mail, sort it and put it on sharepoint. I have learned different functions and different areas of the bank.We receive quality coaching.Teamwork and always serving the customer.","loan support","Current Employee","Brecksville","October 3, 2017","4.0"
"Stressful, super micro managed environment","Management is right on top of your every move, documented reasons for why decisions are made. daily phone conferences more of who wants to know progress than actually out making progress. direct manager team calls skip level manager team calls, daily, sometimes twice a day. Horrible place to work and would never recommend anyone from my industry to work there.","Territory Sales Manager","Former Employee","Essex County, NJ","October 3, 2017","2.0"
"Fast paced","For the most part, it was enjoyable working at this bank. The people I worked with & the customers were great. The only reason I left was for a better opportunity.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2017","4.0"
"Professional Work Setting"," this bank has been a wonderful place to start my career. In a short time I was able to learn, grow and move up in the company. There are many opportunities for growth and to develop your career.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Michigan","October 2, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank was great place to work. Employees are always given the opportunity to learn and grow with the company. I had a fantastic experience with this bank. The continued training and knowledge to expand in your role was always at your fingertips. The company was committed to making sure each employee had the tools and resources they needed to be the best they could be in their role.","Vice President - Banking Center Manager (MLO)","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 2, 2017","5.0"
"Management changed often","You never knew from one month to the next what the strategy was and can only be described as a series of 'charge' and then 'retreat commands'. Working hours were rough because the branches were never fully staffed and we were constantly measured against Gallup polls that we could never do well on due to staffing. Also we were measured against goals that did not take into account staffing, market changes, and dishonest employees.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Warrington, PA","October 2, 2017","2.0"
"fun, stressful","I worked at the bank in the trust department for years then went into operations department which dealt with the day to day duties. I posted the daily transactions.","TRUST CLERK","Former Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","October 2, 2017","4.0"
"Great place for family oriented","Really good on separating work from home life. 3 weeks paid vacation with additional week you can purchase. Also offer 4 weeks paid maternity leave for fathers.","Officer","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 2, 2017","4.0"
"Will never work in banking again","One of the worse experiences in my life. Very toxic environment. Mentally and physically exhausted. Robbed four times. Only one raise during whole time there. Management didn't have your back at all.","Customer Service Associate - Sales and Service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 2, 2017","1.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work. The job is simple and fast paced. They are very strict with monthly referrals and if they are not met you are required to stay after work to complete.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Corry, PA","September 30, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company","competitive. great people fast paced. very large sometimes very difficult to get cross functional collaboration. provided work life balance. lots of community volunteer work available"," this bank Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2017","4.0"
"Bank on it","Working in the corporate office for the Spanish language team was definitely a great time. Great people and work environment. Enjoyed my time there. Could definitely do with a higher starting wage, but a great job for someone who doesn't want to be a teller but still wants to have the ability to grow within a financial company.","Bilingual Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 29, 2017","3.0"
"very nice place to work","It was well managed and atmosphere was good. wish I would have stayed and looked for more advancement in jobs. Management was good and was fair. I would go back in a hearbeat.","Loss Analysis Auditor II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 29, 2017","5.0"
"Competitive Company","Great company that is always evolving to stay ahead of the competition. Clients constantly state that this bank delivers an experience unlike any other financial institutions.","Business Banking Sales Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 29, 2017","4.0"
"GReat workers, terrible regional sales managers","Sales pressure from regional managers.They will make sure to trigger a sale out of you no matter if what the proper guidelines when applying for a product for the customer.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Bensalem, PA","September 28, 2017","3.0"
"It's okay","It's okay. The culture was real cliquey. It was laid back and fun. Turn over would be high because it was hard to advance into other departments. I had good times, but bad times too.","Final Document Review Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2017","4.0"
"Easy work that require attention to detail","Probably one of the best ways to make good money if you are willing to put in the time. Biggest skill required is willing to follow instructions. Processing or keying for a full work day.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 28, 2017","4.0"
"Mortgage Finance HQ ILLINOIS","Headquartered out of Warrenville, IL it was beautiful to have the entire team with main office based out of Pittsburgh, PA. There was no room within Illinois to move up.","Finance Controller Central Division","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","September 28, 2017","3.0"
"Could be better","The company preaches customer service first which is great; Employees were taught to take a care of the customers, and most did, but I feel that the company could have done a better job of taking care of the employees. The pay is very low compared to most retail banking companies so sales associates try to make up for the compensation through commission. However, the company is doing more and more to push customers to bank on their own as opposed to in the branch, which in turn makes it more difficult for employees to hit the sales numbers in order to earn a decent commission. this bank is constantly looking for employees--that's good for some, bad for others.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 28, 2017","2.0"
"Fun place to work at","I loved working at the State and Huron branch. The management was great and fair and the work environment was fast paced. I would love to go back and work for this company.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Chicago, Illinois","September 27, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","I loved worked at this bank and had many roles while there. great opportunity to grow. I had my first management role at this job. they supported their workers and I would not have left except for the layoff.","Training Administrator and Office Manager","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 27, 2017","5.0"
"Made some wonderful, long term relationships","Typical day involved reporting, communicating with team members, assembling information and presenting to senior management along with explanations to variances as applicable.","Direct Marketing","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","September 27, 2017","5.0"
"Fast Pace Stressful","It is a good job for people who work hard. Can be stressful and some managers are better than others. If you don't put in the work you wont make much.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL","September 27, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company","good company to work for. room for advancement. good environment. Flexible with good benefits. training is very thorough and effective. obtainable goals.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","September 27, 2017","5.0"
"Not for me","Not enough money for all the work they pile on you and management is terrible no room for advancement favoritism no variety same work everyday negative work environment","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","PGH, PA","September 27, 2017","3.0"
"Business Development","Built a portfolio of nonprofit organizations with foundations and investment management accounts for financial management within one of the country's more respected banking institutions was rewarding.","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 27, 2017","4.0"
"Stressful","Very stressful job, regional manager requires us to force sales upon customers daily, always short staffed, huge turn over because people don't want to work in the stress.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Huntsville, AL","September 26, 2017","1.0"
"Great Culture","Great place to work with great tools and an opportunity for advancement if you work hard as long as you have a good manager. They are making great advances with technology.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Greater New Jersey Area","September 26, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","Working at this bank Health Benefit Department processing health benefit was a job love doing it gave me benefit to learning how hospital claims that need to process into the Anydoc System.It gave me the opporunity to learn medical codes , we had to process so many claims within the hour , with out many errors , Workplace was ok you had your owe cubical that was personal space , communcation with employee and supervisor was not the best .every so often they change work status never a consistency ,The most enjoyable part of job is learning new job functions and very quit enviroment.","Electronic Health Benefits","Former Employee","Highland Hts, OH","September 26, 2017","5.0"
"Okay","Typical corporate setting, including cubicles and offices. Good entry-level position with opportunity for advancement. Work culture can vary dependind on the team.","Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 26, 2017","4.0"
"Highly Completitive","Organization is in flux, due to a number of reorganization and cost cutting measures. Thus, workers are trying to figure out the new structure and goals. As such, people are 'looking over their shoulders' and not focusing on conduct business.","Vendor Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 25, 2017","1.0"
"Review"," this bank was an overall good experience, however i did not like the commission structure and felt i can make more money elsewhere with my work ethic. Compensation was worth the amount of work","Merchant Account Executive","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","September 25, 2017","3.0"
" this bank is okay"," this bank is a great company. Their pay depends on how they feel when you enter. I came in requesting a certain amount and come to find out a teller was given a higher salary than me. Mind you I had experience and management experience under my belt. The hardest thing would have to be the different policies and procedures everyday. One person says one thing and the next a different. Nothing is set in stone so it puts you at risk. I love working here because it is fast paced. They do recognize you but not as much as you would like. I love my clients at work.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 25, 2017","3.0"
"Na","It's a good company to work for however the hours in the department makes it's difficult to balance your personal life. Some weeks are 8 day straight without a break.","Detect and investigation analyst SR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","September 25, 2017","4.0"
"Nice place to work"," this bank is a fast paced financial institution. Work life balance is ok. Management seems to care and will help you to advance in the company. Goals were attainable and you are rewarded for reaching your sales goals.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","September 25, 2017","4.0"
"riview","Good working place and nice environment. Encouraging management and staff. Overall job security and liberal in paid leaves and working hours. I suggest its a nice company.","IOS SENIOR DEVELOPER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 24, 2017","4.0"
"mixed feelings","it's a great place to work. i feel respected, and the management (overall) is great, but the benefits suck. they do not want to pay people what they're worth. if you get an 'exceeds expectations' rating on your review, you MAYBE get a 1% raise.... if you're lucky.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Strip District, PA","September 24, 2017","4.0"
"Can be a stressful nightmare","A typical day begins short staffed with MANY client complaints coming from neighboring branches. Branches don't work uniformly as company policy dictates and creates chaos. Computer and printing equipment constantly fails in the middle of account maintenance. HR is difficult to reach or deal with. Management is ok, ish. My personal manager is great but at times you can find no one to go to if someone has an issue above your pay grade. Security is good, if you have a trainable team. Biggest upside is vacation time, however work life balance is difficult otherwise. Typically day begins at 8:00am and many days we stay until at least 6:30pm. Sometimes we get a 30 minute break, a lot of times it's disrupted with a client issue. Many co workers are unmotivated and require daily training.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Illinois","September 24, 2017","2.0"
"Awesome company to work for"," this bank is awesome ! Pension, 401k, Stocks etc. Pay increase as long as you do your job veryyyy well and take care of your customers. If you like numbers, you should apply to this bank.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 23, 2017","5.0"
"stressful","worst place to work stressful environment not worth the headache management is horrible nobody knows their job horrible training does not care about employees number driven","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2017","1.0"
"great work culture","Working with this bank I was encouraged to learn as much as possible. they cultivate talent and as long as you qualify and are a motivated person who is willing to move in different positions they will train and encourage you to move forward. Work days typical start at 8:30 and end at 5:15 unless for extenuating circumstances. upper management is good minimal micro management. hardest part of the job would be the customers at times and the employees on other occasions. I Assisted clients with achieving their financial goals or coming up with a plan of action to get to that goal. Maintaining the internal goals for the branch and the individuals is high priority, rallying the team is a must and keeping everyone motivated is key","Universal Branch Manager","Former Employee","marshalls creek/newfoundland/north scranton, pa","September 23, 2017","4.0"
"overall","great place to work not paid enough. I enjoyed working with the team, everyone was friendly. management was understanding when came down to my hard pregnancy.","PT FLOATING TELLER","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 22, 2017","5.0"
"Great Entry Level Job","I enjoyed my time there. I had a great flexible boss-that always helps. I had to relocate due to my husband's job, but I would have stayed a while. Great place that will advance you.","Commercial Portfolio Analyst","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 21, 2017","4.0"
"Diverse company with great teams of people getting the job done"," this bank is a wonderful company. The pros of working there are great people and you have a greater than average chance to advance. The cons are just like every other company, some people are easier to work with than others and some of the practices need to change.","An Employee","Current Employee","Anywhere","September 21, 2017","5.0"
"Worked as a consultant so I cannot answer this","NA I worked as a consultant and do not have an opinion My time there was fine. I was treated well and enjoyed the people on the team I worked with and the people at the site I worked at were friendly.","Emergency and Crisis Planning","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 21, 2017","4.0"
"Above Average","It was a Good internship experience. The work life balance was great and the people were very understanding of any issues you had. The pay for the internship was also very good","Institutional Banking Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 21, 2017","3.0"
"Productive","Management was fantastic, training was informative. Hours worked around your schedule. Opportunity for advancement was significant and available. Benefits were great.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Yardley, PA","September 21, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","Management does not support their employees to keep producing for the team. There are income gaps and lack of stretch opportunities offered to employees.","Compliance Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 21, 2017","1.0"
"Overall Great Place to Work","Overall a great place to work. Great people. Depending on your role, the environment can be fast-paced and can make you feel pressured at times. Work-Life balance is great with very good benefits especially Paid time off policies. You can tell the company values its people.","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 20, 2017","4.0"
"fast paced and productive work place with little down time","a typical day is a busy day at this bank, your schedule should be full from start to finish. A lot of sales to be had which you get paid on quarterly. Friendly work environment, room for growth","Senior Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 20, 2017","3.0"
"ok","Good place to work and good balance with family life. The pay is decent and the management group is awesome. I would love to work here again if a position opens.","Closer","Former Employee","Monroe, LA","September 20, 2017","4.0"
"A day at this bank","As a Teller you are totally underpaid for the amount of work you do, while waiting on customers and putting your life on the line. Don't settle for the low rate of pay. It's not worth it.","Head Teller","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","September 20, 2017","3.0"
"Working at this bank","Working at this bank isn't so bad. Working a typical 8 hour day and 5 days a week is great. Also the benefits are amazing! The only thing is if you like tracking and getting micro managed by upper management then you should go for it. Other than that, helping out the customers can be very rewarding not only for yourself but also for your paycheck. Quite honestly, I don't have to much to say that would be negative to work at the branch level.","Branch Service Sales Representative","Current Employee","Saint Charles, IL","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"I enjoyed my time at this bank","Great company; needs structural management review, My first manager was wonderful; but he left in my first week for another bank. The area manager took over....he offered no encouragement....that was a real lost opportunity","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Everett, WA","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"Management is Horrible","If I could give management less than a 1 Star, I would! I have never had a manager treat me so poorly and unfair as this place did. When I turned in my two weeks notice that I was leaving- the Branch manager told me I was making a mistake, judged the financial institution I was going to be working at, and proceeded to inform me how I should handle my finances and what I need to spend my money on. When I started at the company , they had 4 employees (including the branch manger, assistant manager and loan officer.) During my short amount of time at the company they lost and rehired the entire staff twice (aside from the branch manger.) Work somewhere else, anywhere else....","Customer Service","Former Employee","Springfield, OH","September 19, 2017","2.0"
"Decent","Not the worst place to be but definitely not ideal. Lots of selling and operational work but a very drab environment. Not advanced yet and not high energy either.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 19, 2017","3.0"
"Productive Day","Great customers make the day go by fast. There are days that it is very busy in the branch that I work in and then there are days that there are no customers.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Macungie, PA","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"Working enjoyable","It is a competitive place to work. Sometime there was a lot to juggle and to do on certain days and others not much excitement. I enjoyed working with the customers and co workers. It was a lot of knowledge to learn at first but then became an easy update here and there for training. It is a great place to work and advance.","Teller II","Former Employee","Coshocton, OH","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"It's okay","Pay is decent considering you really aren't doing much work. If you can do the same thing all day every day - count other peoples money and try to sell them services without gaining a sales record - its for you.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","September 18, 2017","5.0"
" this bank, Consumer Loan Center","I took calls and payments from people who had loans with this bank. fast paced environment. worst part was the angry clients who got transferred around. there was a hugh amout of turnover","Consumer Support Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2017","4.0"
"Policy and procedures","Policy and procedure driven. Company does provide training to ensure compliance. A system is in place to ensure training is completed. HR systems are user friendly.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Urbana, MD","September 18, 2017","3.0"
"I had Great Experiences","I Loved every single manager I has at this bank. But it is a corporation so you have to keep that in mind. Lots of lays offs, no advancements. You went no where really fast there I was board with my job and felt I had learned all I could learn. I do not want to max out at 60k after putting in 30 years. That just was not for me. Some love it , but I needed more. Great benefits and management, and a okay company. But just not for me","Mortgage Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","September 18, 2017","4.0"
"The company stock was sold and company folded","I enjoyed working for this part of this bank as i worked with loan officers within the company. I also helped the reverse mortgage team as well with many aspects. I was disappointed when the company was sold as there wasn't a position for me to take.","Branch Sales Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2017","4.0"
"sweat shop, no care for the employee","The company lacked training and had very few managers that knew the products well enough to assist. They pushed a very heavy work load on their employees. The goals were very out of reach that very few people reached them. They kept increasing the hours. They would have us go in on Saturday too to work more and during the winter they shut of the heat. It got to the point where they were having their employees push in a code every time they left their desk such as making a copy, faxing, taking a loan to a manager, taking a file to u/w etc. It was crazy. They also wanted us to call our customer every day if we had an update or not. It got to the point our underwriters were to work 10 hours then take their computers home to work and also work the weekends. They eventually got up in droves and left 20 at a time. We had no one to underwriter our files and we were still held accountable for closing the loan. It made no sense.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2017","2.0"
"Engaging place to work","Very active culture, looking for ways to improve things, it is just slow because it's a large bank. They do confront challenges when necessary, and people are willing to discuss issues openly.","Program Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2017","4.0"
"Nice work place to work at","It was overall a nice place to work at if your into saying to someone No all the time. Its nothing wrong with that at all you have to sturn and really just understand the job material.","Customer Service Rep and Support","Former Employee","Columbus, OH 43223","September 16, 2017","5.0"
"hard work but many opportunities to move around","Good place to work ok benefits. Make sure you negotiate well when coming in hard to get a raise. Many opportunities to move around and a lot of EBERGS to get involved with.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 15, 2017","4.0"
"mundane","work was boring, training was minimal, boring atmosphere, good co workers, good hours, pto was nice, nothing exciting, benefits were good, little advancement","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place but no career advancement option","It's nice to work there and great team work but healthcare options sucks. 5000 deductible and then pay is way low that any other sector. having good education does not benefit you, high school graduate get same as MBA there.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","September 14, 2017","4.0"
"questionable career move","Very slow pace environment with high pressure to produce sales. Expectations are high with limited resources and equipment that does not work. Also a lot of training irrelevant to job functions.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 14, 2017","2.0"
"I loved it!","I loved every minute of working at this bank. My teller supervisor was the best and kept me happy in my position. My team was truly exceptional-we supported each other every day. We all learned together and when one of us couldn't quite get it, another teammate was there to educate. Training for me was pretty good-no complaints there. The hardest part of this position was learning the ATM and the easiest part was coming to work every day.","Drive In Teller","Former Employee","Nags Head Island, NC","September 14, 2017","5.0"
"It's employment.","Artificially stressful work environment. Weird corporate culture. After orientation it's all downhill from there. There really isn't much to say besides that.","BSSA","Current Employee","Georgia, AL","September 14, 2017","1.0"
"Great company if you work in the right area","Worked for this bank in 2 different markets. The experience was night and day. In one area, there was an excellent support and development network and plenty of opportunity to move into different areas of the bank depending on individual skills and preferences. There was at minimum weekly interaction with specialty team members that handled investments, mortgages, wealth management, etc. to assist in serving the client's needs and identifying clients who would benefit from a targeted conversation with a specialist. It was possible to develop mutually beneficial relationships with the team members assigned to your branch and effectively meet client needs and generate revenue for the bank. In the other area, there was little to no support from senior leadership, inexperienced management in the branches, lack of clear communication, and no plans for expansion in a market where branches are over 2 hours from the nearest branch. The lack of branches means that each day becomes an exercise in handling complaints or cashing checks for non-customers with very little opportunity to focus on growing business. Interaction with specialty team members was non-existent. Conversations about investments, mortgages, estate planning, and more are routed through call centers and handled by indifferent team members who never meet the clients and rarely close on business. Clients would often become frustrated because there was no local investment adviser or mortgage representative to meet with and would walk out and take their business elsewhere. Overall, my experience in the Mid-Atlantic states,-more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","South Carolina","September 14, 2017","3.0"
"very flexible in work location","good flexibility at work place. too many meeting in a day .very counter intuitive to work.way too many managers..thinning needs to happen.. low skilled workers are too many. good place to grow at your own pace","Lead Application Developer","Former Employee","programmer","September 14, 2017","4.0"
"inbound and outbound calls","collected on mortgages from 15-120 days delinquency. base of policies of this bank I offered various alternatives to resolve the delinquent accounts. On the escalation help desk, I would take calls from customer heard out their concerns, following this bank policies and procedures to deescalate the calls.","Escalation Desk Collector","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 13, 2017","3.0"
"Quality people to work with.","Very fast paced environment, with multiple goals to achieve. We worked as a team, supporting each other along the way, but wanting to achieve our goals.","VP - Small Business Banking","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 13, 2017","4.0"
"Relaxed, but no place for advancement","the training is poor. no major place for advancement unless brown noser. too faced, drama. pay rate is low. required to take training classes that are a waste of time","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 12, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful"," this bank is a good place to start out in the financial career. Unfortunately, there is no career advancement opportunity. It is a minimal paying salary job.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Lee, NJ","September 12, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","Productive workplace with very good management. Stressful at times, but the management makes sure that you are trained properly and if you need help they are more than happy to step in and help.","Teller","Former Employee","Montgomery, AL","September 12, 2017","4.0"
"friendly Enviorment","hours are pretty good if branch is fully staffed. gained valuable information on banking industry. increased my knowledge of banking to implement into furthering my career in the field.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Solomons, MD","September 12, 2017","3.0"
"Good Atmosphere","At this bank you knew your position and what was expected of you. There was opportunity to grow as you wanted. Management acknowledged your success and couched you in your struggles. Everyone was a team and worked together to better one another. Over all a really great place to work!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","September 12, 2017","5.0"
"the job itself was awesome the managers weren't so much","there was no work life balance at all , I loved that job but the managers were very rude they helped who they liked the push up who they like so it felt like they didn't care about nothing but there numbers, they preach very hard about work life balance and there wasn't any, but I really love that job and what it could have been for me","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"Working at this bank","Just conduting basic banking transactions. deposits, withdrawals, cashing checks, making money orders and bank checks, answering phones and have the best customer service. Lobby engagement as well.","Teller","part time","Marshalls Creek, PA","September 11, 2017","2.0"
"Horrible place to work","My experience with this bank was terrible. There was a high employee turnover rate, the training that I received was horrible (made us do a bunch of web training), the pay was extremely low","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","September 11, 2017","1.0"
"productive, busy, energetic environment","a typical day at work: organized, busy-sometimes running against the clock. what you learned: basic job skills in my direct position title/job summary, and eventually picked up additional job-related skills; in regards to how to become a better & more efficient tester and learn more about the QA department. management: started off strong and passionate (management that I felt compelled to work hard for and we had each other's back). workplace culture: relaxed, up-beat at times, but also laid-back and comfortable-smaller group in my direction state of location. the hardest part of the job: can be demanding at times, due to the needs of the client & more support could have been helpful and eager to myself. the most enjoyable part of the job: the friendships that were formed","Healthcare Ops Admin","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"job","This job was so different then any other people they did have people that had there clicks, and told on other people so save there self on what ever they did bad did not like this job had to leave. they have people that help only the people they like and not new customers much at all, have to be in the click to get good service.","Allied Barton Security Officer","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 11, 2017","1.0"
" this bank","Working at this bank is very laid back, the only thing is the salary is not enough. I get my work done in a timely manner and my peers are awwesome.Clients are friendly and everyone is very respectful.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Coconut Creek, FL","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"Culture started to shift","The environment started to become convoluted. There was a change in management structure, and it was not geared toward customer relations. However, over the years that I spent being employed by this bank, I built strong knowledge in many areas and engaged in top client relations.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Lawrenceville, NJ","September 11, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work with.","Productive and always a busy branch. Employees are great to work with. Training and meetings are mandatory. Mileage and meetings are paid. Vacations and days off are scheduled in advance.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Belvidere, IL","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"good company treats employees fairly","Sales calls, meeting with clients team meeting. Partner with corporate banking team to establish and deepen relationships with new and existing clients.","Business Development Officer - Vice President","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 10, 2017","4.0"
"Poor Management","Poor management and lack of training left much to be desired in the branch level. Benefits including health care, dental, vision, and vacation leave were great.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","September 8, 2017","2.0"
"Processor","Did not like the job. I was clueless on a lot of things there. I wish i could have not applied foe the job. Great people to work with awesome hours. Good days","Investor Services Specialist","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","September 8, 2017","4.0"
"Great company to work for!","Human Sigma environment. Highly recommend working for this company. Leadership is always looking to promote the talent from within. Healthy work environment!","Sales Manager","Former Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","September 8, 2017","5.0"
"Performance Driven","Review performance metrics to determine if adjustments need made for the current day's work performance. Monitor live performance for Inbound and outbound calling to ensure production is on track. Handle Esclated customer calls. Attend daily meetings to make sure target goals are being met. Particpate in Strategic meetings to ensure the production targets are being met","Vice President Operations Manager Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2017","4.0"
"Not a great place to work, primarily due to poor management.","Typical bank, poor systems, lack of training and poor managers. They expect everyone to clean up after all the poor transacions that had been put on the books by uncontrolled sales staff in the field, at least as it purtained to the filed sales staff.","ART Asset Resolution Manager","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 8, 2017","3.0"
"Very Nice place to work with nice people","I was working as a teller and customer service representative. It was place to learn and fun. Worked at the front side most of the time. I was enjoying talking all the clients and always happy to explain them the benefits. I was very happy to see them leaving satisfied and happy with my service.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","East Boulevard","September 8, 2017","5.0"
"Una excelente experiencia","Una excelente experiencia, mi ltimo trabajo en Estados Unidos. Crec y aprend mucho en el banco.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Twin Rivers, NJ","September 7, 2017","5.0"
"Fast paced and busy.","Although some branches can differ from the one I work at, my branch is always busy and can get a little bit overwhelming. Hours are good but can be changed at a moments notice. Overtime happens a lot. The crew I work with is great and I like doing what I do but Its not a place I want to retire from. I got a degree in art and would like to do something regarding my degree.","Teller I","Current Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"horrible","Business banking was a joke could not get loans approved goals for community bankers were the same as metro bankers the lack of local knowledge was a tremendous handicap","Vice President Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Owensboro, KY","September 7, 2017","1.0"
"Worse bank in USA","The entire culture is based on metro banking unwilling or unwilling to understand community banking entire drive is for accounts not quality a lot like the Wells Fargo system","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Bowling Green, KY","September 7, 2017","2.0"
"Good Bank to work for","Supervision and management of the teller line, along with daily customer transactions in strengthening each relationship. Gathering customer demographics for recommending bank products in fortifying the customer's overall financial position within the bank. Accountable for daily cash management and ATM settlement of branch while in accordance with cash variances and auditory limits/regulations within branch operations. Responsible for teller transactions, referrals, sales, scheduling, and coaching upon an increase in banking products as well as customer engagement with each teller. Teaching/reviewing key concepts with branch employees of loss prevention, branch limits, and fraud detection for a better understanding of policies in place for security and retention","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"good place to work","I happened to luck out and my immediate manager was great but I think a lot of if you like this bank or not depends on this. It is a sales position so you have to like talking to people. this bank takes work/life balance very seriously and makes sure you have the time available to you.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"day shift hours","It is a great job but you have to be able to sell accounts and credit cards everyday and if u don't you get lectured. Your job just isn't about banking its about being a sales person.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","DuBois, PA","September 7, 2017","3.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for"," this bank is an incredible company with immense benefits and competitive salaries. There is no lack towards investing into technology as well as their employees. I would recommend this company to anyone.","SENIOR INFRASTRUCTURE LEAD ENGINEER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"Great People to work with","In hindsight I truly enjoyed my time at this bank. I would go back there knowing what I know now. I believe the company was fair with their employees and gave back as what was expected.","Madison Branch Manager","Former Employee","Madison, NJ","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"Productive work / life balance","Great Management , great place to work, senior management was top notch. The culture at this bank was incredible, I learned great sales processes, how to take a client from the beginning to end in he sales cycle.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"Not a good place for loan officers","Worked in the Home Lending Center and it ended up being a nightmare. Volume was down significantly, resulting in the majority of LOs not hitting tier targets, thus leading to not making any money. There is likely going to be any change to the compensation plan to accurately reflect how much each loan officer is funding. It is hard to make a decent living off a low salary and very low commission. The leads are now stale, with internal customers being called up several times every other month. Processors on the backend are very inexperienced for the most part, and a lot of underwriters will poorly review files and not know product guidelines for the loan they are underwriting. The loan officers are dependent on them to make any, and it's frustrating when they perform poorly as your pay is somewhat dependent on them. Turn over is extremely high, with a good majority of new hires not lasting one year. They will train you without experience, and being a large company have excellent benefits.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 6, 2017","1.0"
"Horrible management not in touch with current expectations","This bank does not promote from within. Departments are supposed to be managed similarly however some departments can approve OT without being monitored. Many departments hire men over women with same work experience.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2017","1.0"
" this bank Cares about their Employees","Unlike other companies where only the customer comes first, this bank differs. As an employee for over 2 years in different positions at this banks I have come to realize that this bank equally cares about making their employees happy as much as their customers.","Reporting Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great People","Fast paced and a constantly changing environment. Allows work from home opportunities. The people are fantastic and they really do care about the happiness of their employees.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 4, 2017","4.0"
"customer service"," Encouraged and engaged customers with financial opportunities, such as creating accounts, managing checks, verification, and debit card usage Recognized for handling money, accounts, and managing currency-counting machine accurately Entrusted staff and bank members with handling sensitive documents and professional cash handling.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Orange, NJ","September 4, 2017","3.0"
"fun workplace","cash handling accurately process costumer cash, check, transfer and statement transactions, with a balanced or reconciled drawer. electronic founds transfers process","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 4, 2017","3.0"
"Great place","Enjoyed my job here, and my co workers. And my managers. Customers were also Great, I so enjoyed coming to work for this company, should of never left Michigan.","Teller","Former Employee","Flushing, MI","September 3, 2017","5.0"
"IT Information Security","Verifying that staff has the access needed to perform their job duties, no more and no less. Verification of managerial approval for access requested. Provided security and access for projects, production issues, and integrations within the bank. Provided department training on Mainframe OS, TSO/ISPF, VSAM, File-Aid, and Syncsort.","Data Security Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2017","4.0"
"Productive worked place","Productive worked a typical day will be making deposit, loan payment, withdraw money from checking or saving, issuing cashier check, cash advance taking phone call and reviewing customer account when they have a concern or an unauthorized transaction, solving customer account issues and referring other products.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Wesley Chapel, FL","September 3, 2017","5.0"
"Great","Great Company and people. They have an amazing work life balance and take pride in their diversity. They are all about hiring within so that you can move up in the company.","Customer Service - Credit Card","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 2, 2017","5.0"
"productive fast paced upbeat workplace","a typical work day was full of interesting phone calls meeting customers from all over the world. everyday you leaned something new. management was exceptional they cared about you as a person and an employee the hardest part of the job was meeting daily goals. the most enjoyable part of the job was making lasting impressions on the customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2017","4.0"
"Its okay i guess","Must be able to endure stressful environments as well as you must be able to take constant critisism but not in a bad way this bank is always about your growth and development as a person and employee","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 1, 2017","4.0"
"team work culture and getting results","probably my most enjoyable job experience as I was at this bank for the longest stint in my career - 8 years. An rewarding job experience - though my salary was low - I was able to get good incentive bonus pay in bringing new business into the firm.","VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","September 1, 2017","4.0"
"Large company","A lot of opportunity for growth with the most opportunity in their headquarters. They provide flexibility in working from home depending on the department you work in. They promote an inclusive environment.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 1, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work","They're very pushy with sales . It's like you're almost begging the customer to sign up for a credit card and etc. I loved my customers and my job. The only thing that was stressful was sells. Your job depended on it.","Teller","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","August 31, 2017","3.0"
"It was a summer internship","With the internship, it was meant to be a ten week interview on both sides and after spending my time there I did not enjoy being there. I never saw my boss, the work was almost non existent. I waited weeks for software and I had to figure out how to work for the company on my own. this bank has a lot of positive going for them but the experience I had there was unbelievably unproductive.","Intern Application Developer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 31, 2017","1.0"
"Review","There was quite a lot of opportunity to advance and learn skills on the job. Good benefits. I met a lot of very good people working there and have since kept some as my friends after leaving this bank. I loved that this bank allows their employees to volunteer during work hours. I also took the opportunity many times volunteering during working hours and still was paid for the hours I was away from work. I like their Grow up Great program.","Employee Relations Info Center Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2017","5.0"
"No room for internals","I applied for multiple positions and was never offered a permanent position even though I never did any wrong as a temporary. They have a tendency to look at outside applicants more than internals.","Teller","Former Employee","Delaware","August 31, 2017","1.0"
"Good Work Life Balance","Low pay but if you are a strong seller you can make great incentive quarterly and for great customer service. A typical day includes outbound calling clients and setting appointments. Upper management always wants more from you without giving you the 'title' you might deserve and still wants you to complete your own goals. If you don't like sells stay away.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Viera, FL","August 30, 2017","3.0"
"Fast Past","Fast Past, Competative all the time. Expectations were very high with no real rewards. Loved meeting all my clients. Had many managers while I was employed by this bank. No real leadership that you could connect with and push you along.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Englewood, NJ","August 30, 2017","4.0"
"Horrible place to work","Horrible place to work. No respect, everyone's replaceable attitude. No advancement opportunities or promotions given. Not one team building activity in over 3 years.","NA - Senior Loan Closing Analyst - Commercial","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 30, 2017","1.0"
"very poor management","instead of offering more traing or allowing you to switch to a new manager while in training knowing there were issues between you and the managre they just let you go and then they black ball you from applying for 6 months and other people wont give you the time of day in an interview because your reseaning for being let go is its just not gonna work...","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2017","3.0"
"Best Company","I enjoyed my time working for this company. Being able to work at a fast pace and talking and engaging with customers. While helping them with their finances.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","August 29, 2017","5.0"
"Very stressful place to work","Very micro-management place. Little advance not much to choose from and a load of work from the moment you step in to the door until your finish. Not team work.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Washington, DC","August 29, 2017","1.0"
"poor management","rude co workers, poor management, no parking, long hours only 1 day a week off, poor hr and response hr team, will never work there again, do not recommend","Personal Banker","Former Employee","London, OH","August 29, 2017","1.0"
"Computer Skills","This job helped me inhance my computer skils and strengthen my typing abilities. The environment is ok and the peers are great and helpful. Everyone des their best to maintain.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 29, 2017","3.0"
"Energetic and fast paced environment"," this bank was an exceptional place to work. Putting our customer needs to the fore front during the day was self rewarding. Knowing that I meet and exceeded my customers need reflected in my reviews, however every day came with a new challenge which caused me to dig deeper to rectify our clients problems. Of course the paid vacation days and paid floating holidays made my job less stressful knowing I had the time to spend with family and take care of personal business.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Newtown Square, PA","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to learn"," this bank's a great place to start your career and to get exposure to different lines of businesses (verticals) within the bank. The culture is very relaxed and managers are very understanding.","Analyst - Portfolio Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"Summary","Company overall is a great company to work for. Good work-life balance, culture, and i have learned a lot about networking with individuals. Love working at this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Fairview Heights, IL 62208","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"Amazing place to work"," this bank was a amazing place to work. from the account holders, to the managers and also peers!! it was very fun and they also showed appreciation to the people who work for them","Account Service Representative - Tier II","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 29, 2017","5.0"
"productive work place","Very fast paced at times. I learned all areas of the check incoding department. Management could be poor at times. The hardest part of the job was when it was slow and learning to deal with different people as a team. The most enjoyable part of the job was the job became like a second family.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","August 29, 2017","2.0"
"Balanced work-life","There was always a great work-life balanace and the company was always sending out things to be involved in on a large scale for community involvement for the employees it was fantastic. You really felt like you had a family at work.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Springboro, OH","August 29, 2017","5.0"
"Banking","Great bank with great products for customers. Incentive based pay so it does not work in small town settings. Management is solid. Daily grind to generate new business.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","LaGrange, GA","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"just work- ( Receivables Management)","Very high in discrimination, poor management style specially among supervisors hiding their inefficiencies by coercing employees who are knowledgeable of the job, very poor in giving training, and follow-up; supports/patronizes harassment/bullying on the floor. No advancement. Supervisors themselves do not follow the company policies with regards to processing of customers accounts-HIPAA violations.","Employee","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","August 28, 2017","1.0"
"Fast paced and fun at times","Very fast paced in the morning, slowed down in the afternoon to evening. Not a lot of busy work to do if you were not assisting clients. Management was come and go, lots of different managers came in and out of the branch making it difficult to adapt at times.","CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Noblesville, IN","August 28, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I enjoyed coming to work. My co workers were awesome people. I had fun and i would go back. The contracted ended with was sad but other than i enjoyed my time there and made some long time friends","Seasonal Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Herndon, VA","August 28, 2017","5.0"
"I enjoyed working with the people at this bank."," this bank was a pleasant place to work. A god team environment with strong team managers for leadership. When my position was terminated the company was very supportive in helping me find a new job.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Town and Country, MO","August 28, 2017","3.0"
"It was fun working in the this bank","It was fun working in the this bank. Got an opportunity to learned new technics. It was my part time job. Hours are flexible. Colleagues are very friendly.","Teller","Former Employee","Edison, NJ","August 28, 2017","5.0"
"Poor Career choice","Poor advancement opportunities, under appreciated, lack of managerial support, micro-managed, no sense of loyalty nor guidance, very negative environment","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 28, 2017","1.0"
"co-workers really helped one another","The people in Pittsburgh were not nice at all. They were very blunt and acted as if we were nobody. When they acquired RBC they sent 2 people down here to train our department for about 2 weeks and that was it. When you contact them about a problem it was never a consistent answer. Therefore depend on who was questioning you about a situation it was right or wrong. We all got along in our department & helped one another out","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 27, 2017","2.0"
"Worked for over 10 years - Good Experience","Great place to work, very good policies, very good help desk and back office for complicated transactions. Good manger in a challenging environment, good opportunity to learn and help others","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Florham Park, NJ","August 27, 2017","5.0"
"N/a","Mass confusion. A Manager that was untruthful with the public and employees. The hardest part of the job was working with customers who had been told something by management and then expected you to make it happen.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Perryville, KY","August 27, 2017","1.0"
"Very enjoyable","I love meeting no people and helping them with there financial needs. The only reason I ended up leaving was because my daughter ended up getting a brain aneurysm and I moved far away.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Wauconda, IL","August 26, 2017","5.0"
"heavy layoffs","They have heavy layoffs and don't tell you to allow you to prepare for the layoff. I wouldn't recommend this job if i was to be asked. The pay is OK for the industry","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 26, 2017","3.0"
"finantial needs and aid to our customers"," this bank was an exceptional place to work. Putting our customer needs to the fore front during the day was self rewarding. Knowing that I meet and exceeded my customers need reflected in my reviews, however every day came with a new challenge which caused me to dig deeper to rectify our clients problems. Of course the paid vacation days and paid floating holidays made my job less stressful knowing I had the time to spend with family and take care of personal business.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2017","5.0"
"Wonderful place","Wonderful training provided!! The training was very helpful while put in to actual work. Helpful colleagues and Managers. Moderate work load and great work experience achieved!","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Lombard, IL","August 25, 2017","5.0"
"It's fun working there. Salary isn't what I need","I love working there. It's a great place to work. The salary is not what I would like. I can do better at other employment. They do offer vacation time and sick days","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Xenia, OH","August 24, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is a great work environment. Compensation is not competitive.","I love this bank culture and the people I work with. Pay is not adequate, we lose too many quality people as a result. It's unfortunate you have to leave the company in order to get a pay increase.","Business Service Center Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","August 24, 2017","5.0"
"Low Pay","Enjoy my manager and co workers but pay is awful, very low. Good benefits, time off. The company has very unrealistic goals for desk folks and expect way too much for the compensation they provide.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","August 24, 2017","4.0"
"Greatful","Greatful for a company that invest so much time and energy into its staff. training is consistent. tools and recourses work magic. things within the branch need to change not the company.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Emerson, NJ","August 24, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and challenging always","Truly a very challenging and fast pass work environment. If you are young and energetic this is the place for you. They teach constantly to keep you abreast of chances in the industry.","Senior Trade Service Consultant","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","August 23, 2017","4.0"
"N/a","The day to day work is fine, however this bank is a very conservative bank, which makes it difficult for individuals to meet sales goals and receive their commissions. Salary is also very low in comparison to other banks","Regional Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Greater Washington Region","August 23, 2017","3.0"
"Energetic, high-paced environment."," this bank is a solid, well-managed organization with excellent benefits. Great environment for a self-motivated individual with aspirations to excel. Supporting management team led by visionary leadership team.","VP Credit Community Development","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 23, 2017","5.0"
"Excellect Employee","she was employee of the month a times, always met or exceeded goals, prompt, always customer aware, product knowledge with client, always trying to make the sale","Clerk","Former Employee","Hilliard, OH","August 22, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work for single people","if you have a family, do not work in a call center. once you pick a shift, you have to stick with it and they will barely even consider changing your hours","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 22, 2017","3.0"
"Great work enviorment","Great work environment but the pay is not great. It is hard to get a raise because it depends on your customer surveys and your sells goal, but they say you have no goals to meet. Internal promotion pay is not good.","Teller","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","August 22, 2017","3.0"
"Company that was bought out","In the 90s the culture was awesome. In 2000 priorities changed to financial numbers focus and less on taking care of the customer couldn't keep up with the industry during the financial crisis and was acquired by this bank. Didn't work after the conversion.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 21, 2017","3.0"
"Good Company"," this bank has been great to work for over the last several years. Although avoid management it really takes away from the value of what the company builds their values on i.e. Work life balance.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 21, 2017","4.0"
"aa","I work at this bank. I work at this bank. Then I worked at this bank. I have worked at this bank for eight years and the people I work with are nice but people leave jobs because of management.","AVP - Underwriter","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","August 21, 2017","3.0"
"Would be better in a traditional branch"," this bank is a great company if it weren't for the in store branches. Those are where you work as a teller and platform but get paid less than a platform in a traditional branch. You also work 11-7 weekdays as well as Sundays which stinks. The benefits are great I must say and training was very informative. But another con is feeling like product pushers when the company says that isn't what they are about. The company does seem to have a large turnover though. I would recommend traditional branches but not in store!!!","Personal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","August 20, 2017","3.0"
"Very professional environment !","Very professional environment! Nice management! Nice people! Good place for advancement! Very flexible! Was very happy working there 20 years ago! I would recommend this bank!!!","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 20, 2017","4.0"
"Solid focus on helping customers not pushing products","There is too much staff turnover, in banking in general, this bank was no exception. Initially it was enjoyable, but as the branch model changed from traditional teller/banker assistance, to an en suite approach, I felt it was the wrong way to go, customers go to the bank for reliable, traditional assistance, not to be interviewed at every visit.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cottleville, MO","August 20, 2017","3.0"
"won't hire people to replace those who resigned or retired","we have multiple people retiring but no one is hiring anyone. The work that was performed by retired people gets distributed between remaining employees.Because of this, my duties and responsibilities were changed drastically WITHOUT MY CONSENT.","Finance Analyst","Former Employee","Cincinnati, IN","August 19, 2017","3.0"
"Great vacation benefits"," this bank now gives you 3 weeks of paid vacations and floating holidays. My manager happens to be one of the best managers I've ever had. He loves to motivate you and show you ways on earning more money!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","August 18, 2017","4.0"
"Blah","The company is good with benfits but with growth advandment no such thing but I would def go back I thibnk this bank for everything thank you so much my first real job","Bilingual Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 17, 2017","5.0"
"horrible place to work","its the blind leading the blind- you are better off at any other bank. they have the worst underwriting processes. the goals are double what other banks are so only 10% actually hit bonus which is a joke","Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 17, 2017","1.0"
"Collections at this bank","Being a collections specialist meant you had to be on the phone 90% of the time, making calls and trying to collect customer's debt. I was lucky and had good supervisors, however supervisors don't have a lot of control on what happens because their bosses make those decisions. Hourly pay was okay, but once commissions changed it was a lot harder to make the same amount as before. Customers can get pretty upset over the phone (which can be understandable), however I was taught on what to say and how to approach calls differently. As frustrating as the job could be, it was a fun environment most of the time.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 17, 2017","4.0"
"Nice flexibility but zero feedback or leadership. Management was unprofessional.","The pay is okay, plenty of opportunity to grow and they will give you all the training needed. But you have to be self motivated and outgoing speaking to people about their finances.","UI Developer","Former Employee","IN","August 17, 2017","5.0"
"Professional workplace with great co-workers."," this bank is a great bank and a decent place to work. The power and best job opportunities are in Pittsburgh. The days were busy but too much like the Audit Dept, who the department answered to.","Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 17, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank Mortgage Corporation was a great company to work for. We worked hard but we were rewarded and we treated employees well. This company was bought out by Washington Mutual","Fulfillment Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2017","5.0"
"productive","not very good upper managements, but vey good coworkers, also work our are pretty good to balance you life schedule. but overall a very good company for recent graduates,","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 16, 2017","3.0"
"A very secure company","The benefits were great with this company. I learned a lot from them and was able to advance my career due to the knowledge obtained with them. A very secure company.","Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","August 16, 2017","4.0"
"Competitive","I worked in the call center when I worked for this bank and it was a relaxed environment for the most part, but also competitive when providing a sale.","Member of the retention team","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2017","5.0"
"It takes a certain kind of person to enjoy the job","There is a lack of communication when it comes to the federal regulation changes in the banking community. Management is unorganized and regularly unavailable. Co workers are kind and extremely helpful when answering questions. It has long hours, great if you live in the city, but expensive if you need to commute.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2017","3.0"
"Very fast paced and stressful","I took inbound calls from customers whom wanted to know their balance, see if a check or card payment went through their accounts, I assisted with up-selling overdraft products to customers whom accounts were overdrawn. I ordered checks and debit cards, helped in locating a local ATM near their location. I participated in their program that assisted blind callers in the use of an ATM machine. I assisted in the training of the new hire financial service consultants, I also did take escalated calls from customers whom needed to speak with a supervisor when a supervisor might not be available.","Sr Financial service representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2017","4.0"
"worked to many hours"," this bank didn't care about employees. I have two small children and the branch i'm at is under-staffed they want everyone to work 6 days a week all day everyday and stay late. they are the lowest paying bank out of all the banks","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 15, 2017","2.0"
"Slaves","Mandatory 50 hours a week. the company took on too much too fast. Extremely stressful because peoples livelihood was at stake. Not enough training!","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2017","3.0"
"Overworked","As long as your department generates revenue, you can get away with anything. Departments that are cost centers are consistently given more work to do, with limited resources.","Team Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2017","2.0"
"My review","It's a good job but you work your butt off and you don't get what you deserve, I'm a full time student and sacrifice so much for my job. I wanted to get a promotion and was told that I wasn't good enough. My job is stressful because I took on a lot of responsibility and management still didn't care. In order to move up in the company you have to kiss everyone's butt.","Universal Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Florence, KY","August 14, 2017","3.0"
"Normal Bank day","I love working for this bank, if it wasn't for the managers themselves I would never want to leave. Although the hours are long (8am to 6pm) I still enjoyed myself while at work. The hardest part is working with the managers who do not care about anyone but themselves. I've made life long friends besides that, and it makes the work day go by quickly.","Teller","Current Employee","pittsburgh","August 14, 2017","3.0"
"Web set our own goals and it was up to us to achieve them.","We had a fun group to work with. The building had a cafeteria which was convenient for lunches and snacks. We used our computer to sign in our start time and would log out for breaks, meetings, etc. The job was not hard, you just had to pay attention to detail when logging in information in the data bases as other departments depend on the information to do their jobs.","Mortgage Loan Clerk","Former Employee","Brecksville, Oh","August 14, 2017","5.0"
"Great Opportunities for Advancement"," this bank is a great company to start a career at. The managers will work with you to make sure you are getting into the line of business that you want to work in. They have plenty of opportunities for advancement if you are willing to put in the effort. Your day varies based on the position you are in. We have branches, call centers, out of branch sales and multiple other lines of business. The culture is very friendly, I have always enjoyed the environment created by my coworkers. The most difficult part of the job is the amount of goals set for someone to accomplish, it can be overwhelming, at the same time extremely motivating. There is always something to work on. The most enjoyable part of the job is the relationships created within the workplace and with the customers.","MULTI CHANNEL SALES ASSOCIATE I","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2017","5.0"
"Summary","My work experience with this bank was ok. I was a part-time employee. I learned many cash transaction. Work with different kind of people and how to manage stressful environment.","Teller","Former Employee","Parsippany, NJ","August 14, 2017","3.0"
"Decent pay but job duties were overwhelming","It was nice pay but the amount of work and training you go through without more pay is quite extensive. The grading scale is quite outrageous as well depending on who is monitoring your calls. Some are lenient some are extremely over bearing and unrealistic.","Loan Servicing Specialist II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2017","3.0"
" this bank a place to work","I will not rate this company at this time due to I am currently employed there. There are a lot of good reasons to work for this bank but there are also a down side as well","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 13, 2017","3.0"
"Great Room for Growth"," this bank has a great flexible schedule that allows me to work my job around my everyday activities. I have learned how to better communicate with customer over the phone verses my the traditional face to face way. The management works one on one with you to help improve your performance and answer questions.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 13, 2017","4.0"
"Big Bank with Good Culture","I really enjoyed working here. The corporate culture was much better than the average bank and the work environment was good. It felt more fun than the average bank, and the customers recognized it. However, pay wasn't good compared to other banks.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Oaklyn, NJ","August 13, 2017","5.0"
"I was only there 3 months as a contractor","I was under contract for a Lender Transformation project. The people I worked with were very knowledgeable and helpful when I needed assistance. My experience was very positive working at this bank.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 12, 2017","4.0"
"Good Learning Environment","I have learned the importance of saving money and investing intelligently by working at this bank. this bank also recognizes their employees for their outstanding work ethics and offers pretty good benefits to their potential clients especially college students.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 12, 2017","5.0"
"It was a very challenging environment to work.","Highly regulated work environment and the level of expectations by the management was high. Highly sales-oriented and competitive industry where I learned to become efficient tackling multiple tasks at the same time. The toughest part of the job was banking became primarily sales instead of customer-focus and the turnover was extremely high.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","August 12, 2017","2.0"
"Not bad at all"," this bank is a great bank to work for. My position doesn't get paid enough, but for right now, it's good. Was a banker before I went to our operations department. Didn't like selling equity products, but if you like that, it's great!","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 11, 2017","4.0"
"Somewhat stressful, high-pressure environment with benefits that can pay off","Any bank is going to be high-pressure. this bank as a corporation does a nice job of providing compensation, benefits, and perks to make up for this. However, I found that the high emphasis on driving sales really affected the work environment, to the point where it was emphasized over customer service - especially when upper management came to visit the branch. The corporate business model really made it hard to focus on what the job was all about - even down to the teller position.","Teller","Former Employee","NJ","August 11, 2017","4.0"
"Hard to go into everyday","They tell you not to be a product pusher but lay a set number of what they call 'expectations' on you to meet per quarter, which makes you a product pusher if you want to meet them. If you do not meet these 'expectations' it affects your ability to move up within the company and also raises. Policies and rules constantly change and there is rarely anyone, including managers, who have the right info to give you. There is a survey system that is random and anonymous that asks customers questions based on your interaction, if they even remember it was you, it is very unfair that also determines if you receive pay raises and your ability to advance in the company. I've received bad surveys from customers due to their bad interactions with a different employee all because they survey is anonymous on who the employee was, and it is almost impossible to come back from a bad survey. The maternity leave is awesome, 16 weeks of 100% pay, which honestly is the only reason I stayed with the company for my final months.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Rockford, IL","August 11, 2017","1.0"
"Good part time job","I only worked at bank for four months before finding a full time job. I would work for them again, however. The training was full time for a month and prepared me well for the tasks given to !me.","Bank teller","Former Employee","Titusville, PA","August 11, 2017","4.0"
"Great place","This is a great, friendly place to work with room for advancement. The staff and upper management are great, and very understanding.............................................","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Whitefish Bay, WI","August 11, 2017","5.0"
"Conversation with clients very personal","Working for this bank was a very difficult place to work. They have a this bank conversation which I felt was very intrusive for clients. It was a canned conversation that they expected you to use with all clients.","Retail Banking Officer","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","August 11, 2017","1.0"
"29 years at this bank","The Company is very well managed both on the business and technical side. Great Company - Very long hours and weekends. I worked these long hours to advance within the company and provide my family with a comfortable life syle.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 11, 2017","5.0"
"a lot of work"," this bank requires you to go above and beyond, but the pay rate is below. The typical work day is very stressful and can sometimes interfere with your personal life, if you let it.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 10, 2017","3.0"
"A lot of on the phone","don't start this job if you don't like being on the phone. there is room for advancement but it is based on your call scores. You must work a minimum of 20 hours and they will not allow you to work less and stay an employee.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2017","3.0"
"Productive workplace","Fastpaced environment and Highly engaging work culture.time working for the company was short but highly productive considering the type of work i had to do","Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2017","4.0"
"laid back","overall very slow pace and laid back people. It is good for juniors who are starting and eventually go somewhere else, I loved my time in there but wouldn't go back","QA Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2017","5.0"
"Depends on region","This bank has great products for the customer, however they lack moral for the employees. it seems they don't appreciate employees much. its not a hard job. But upper management is horrible with follow-ups and encouragement.","BSSR","Former Employee","Durham, NC","August 9, 2017","2.0"
"very slow paced","Not much training, promised a better paying job and room for growth and did not receive, you can't trust other employees, management doesn't seem to care","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Westerville, OH","August 9, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work"," this bank is an industry leader in many other target markets as well. Its client list includes more than two-thirds of the Fortune 500 as well as thousands of real estate, utilities, healthcare, government, higher education and not-for-profit entities. All of these clients, including many of the nation's largest competitors in their respective specialties, benefit from this bank's deep industry knowledge and our sophisticated capital raising, treasury management and capital markets capabilities.","Banking Officer","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 9, 2017","5.0"
"Cares about their employees, great managers!!"," this bank is a great place to work. They really care about their employees and customer engagement is awesome!! Worked for this bank for 3 years and never once wanted to leave. Pay is a little low compared to other branches but the people and environment I work with balances it out.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 9, 2017","5.0"
"Great work environment"," this bank is a great bank to work for. There are many opportunities for advancement in your career with this bank. The culture around around development and coaching is very prevalent. As a manager, you are expected to lead your team, coach and develop you team, as well as conduct on the spot coaching.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","New Jersey","August 8, 2017","5.0"
"I learned a lot in the 15 years that I worked there.","I started out as a Teller, then I worked my way up to Assistant Manager. I took care of customer's deposits and cashed checks. I opened new account, processed credit applications.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","August 8, 2017","5.0"
"Great team working in a small town","I worked in a small town branch where I had the pleasure of getting to know all of my regular customers very well. The team I worked with here was very supportive and morale was always high. Even through a merger with another bank. Sales goals were realistic and reachable.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, NJ","August 7, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced / ever changing company with good advancement opportunities","Exciting and growing financial services organization. Great advancement opportunities for sharp, hard-working individuals. Must be able to operate in a complex regulatory environment, but training is generally available - though much of it is self-directed. Probably the best of the big banks to work for. Key skills that will advance your career include strong verbal and written communications, negotiating, and interpersonal skills. You will likely participate on many cross-functional teams and many of this bank's decisions are made at a group level.","Sourcing Mgr Supply Chain","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2017","5.0"
"On-Site PC refreshes. Met many excellent technicians","Fast paced PC refreshes, or swap, In various banks. Hardware and Software installs, Wipes, OS installs, proprietary software installs, thick & thin clients","Lead Technician - PC refreshes","Current Employee","Elk Grove Village, IL","August 7, 2017","5.0"
"Absolutely horrible","1 isn't even close to a low enough rating: this bank is the worst company I have ever worked for. I had 2 years of banking (at another institution) when I came to this bank & they wouldn't even match the salary I STARTED with at the other institution. Management is a JOKE. They truly have no say in anything that goes on. The goals are attainable, but always changing, making it difficult to be consistent. The expectations are unrealistic, & again, always changing. There is no reward or recognition for ANYTHING. They do not care about their employees or the customer, all they care about are numbers. If you are going into a company looking to advance, this is NOT the place to do it. They require you to be in your current position for a year, they run your credit for any positions you apply for (even promotions within), your goals have to be well beyond what is expected of you, and you have to actually have a manger that cares about your development (DON'T HOLD YOUR BREATH).. I could go on forever.. but if you like the shiny perks they hold in front of your face & you're willing to sell your soul, you'll be just fine! Side note: don't get too comfortable in your position, they will surely displace you. 400+ jobs this year alone.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","August 7, 2017","1.0"
" this bank","Good place to work, I left because I was recruited by Suntrust and persuaded by salary increase. management was fair and engaged, I enjoyed working with this bank.","Bank NA Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Westminster, MD","August 6, 2017","4.0"
"Worst place to work!!!","Of all the banks that I have worked, this bank is by far the worst.My Manager was so incompetent that it affected the performance of the branch. This was the most stressful work environment that I ever worked in..","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","August 6, 2017","1.0"
"Typical day","Greet customers as soon as they walk into the door!! Just like the Walmart greeters. Help customers with there transaction (aka) fill out there deposit tickets or there withdrawal slips. Or push the customer to use the ATMs or mobile deposit. Have to save the best for last!!! SELL SELL SELL","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 4, 2017","3.0"
"Excellent people, challenging environment","Challenging project work, the people truly make the job! During a time of intense organization transformation, lessons learned have been invaluable. Fast-paced environment but much space for professional development.","Platform Architecture","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 4, 2017","5.0"
"Great for customers, not for employees","Poor compensation. Lack of training. Poor treatment and even downsizing of top performers. Great products for customers. Product benefits get worse and worse over time.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Towson, MD","August 4, 2017","2.0"
"Good company, could pay more","Advancement opportunities are present, however, the pay increase has a low cap. The opposite is true of talent brought in from outside. This creates an atmosphere where new hires are paid higher salaries than those who've earned a promotion and ultimately makes folks leave. Bad business model","Manager","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 4, 2017","4.0"
"Generaql view of this bank","meeting with customers and improving their financial well being. this bank is a good place to work, the are professionals to the core, but can improve on staff salary","Loss Prevention Associate","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","August 4, 2017","5.0"
"great place","great place to work, especially for college students. In the branch appointment setting department, we get to make our own schedule. They off a 'new mothers' room for mothers to pump .","Branch appointment setter","Current Employee","kalamazoo mi","August 2, 2017","4.0"
"Fun, productive, and steady day","I enjoyed learning in depth about your finances and how important it is to budget and pay your bills on time. I love the fact helping other clients manager they're monthly statements.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 2, 2017","4.0"
"In-Store is Not a Good Job","Very boring job for little pay, your schedule is terrible, and you're basically a teller that can open accounts. Not at all what I expected, or was told it would be like. Management is great, and I do believe non-In-Store is probably a good job, but In-Store is not the best.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Holmdel, NJ","August 2, 2017","2.0"
"Not a particularly desirable place to work.","Poor communication lead to confusion and often frustration about job responsibilities. Little recognition for excellent performance. The hardest part of the job was to understand priorities.","Senior Vice President - Manager of Special Assets","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","August 2, 2017","3.0"
"Look elsewhere","Watch your back! It is sad to say but management would throw everyone under the bus to advance themselves. They rarely gave out raises and there was no work life balance. Working 6 days a week, sometimes for only 3 hours a day is ridiculous when management would have 3 day weekends very often.","Teller","Former Employee","Maryland","August 1, 2017","1.0"
"Coworkers are great.","Work/Life balance is fantastic. Lots of activities to show employee appreciation. Enjoyed working with the people in my group. Always willing to assist when needed.","Senior Default Coordinator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 1, 2017","3.0"
"It Could Improve","The company has really good core values that are not always followed, even those in management. However really good stepping stone for a better gig. Compensation is decent, work days a little stressful however the company does try to make the atmosphere fun. Also beware the company pays employee for 40 hours even if not worked, then take the difference out the next check.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 1, 2017","3.0"
"Learn Fast Work Hard","Problem Solving. Learned about banking . Nice clean work place. Positive and upbeat work environment. Strong and consistent corporate culture. minimal opportunity for vertical movement. maximum potential for lateral movement","Financial Consultant x New Hire Mentor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2017","3.0"
"great place to work overall","this job is a lot better than most. other than management within the branch that I worked for, it's worth working there. only if you're full time though. part-timers don't get as much perks as us full-time employees. pay is nice.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","August 1, 2017","4.0"
"Work day","I was trained on many different roles and responsibilities, over all I loved my successes at this bank. The management team and my colleagues were all team players.","Systems Administrator II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 31, 2017","5.0"
"Terrible Management","Supervisors did not make employee expectations clear, staffing was always short, working there was chaotic and stressful, all staff was severely undertrained.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Centerville, OH","July 31, 2017","3.0"
"It was A new field for me and I was lucky to have a great team to work with.","The hardest part of the job was learning about banking. My manager was great and easy to talk to. The culture was pretty serious and quiet. The best part of the job was the experience and working downtown for the first time!","Instructional Designer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2017","4.0"
"Bank Teller","My daily tasks were to monitor the vault money and verify we have enough to get us through the week and make sure we never had too much on hand. I would assist customers with their everyday banking needs and transactions.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Portage, MI","July 31, 2017","3.0"
"horrible","horrible place to work.I was part time for the 4 years i worked there. They were ok with working around my schedule due to me being a single mother with 3 kids but overall the company was not good to their employees. customer were treated better.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2017","1.0"
"Productive and nice work culture","It is fun to work at this bank Onshore. work life balance can be maintained easily. Work culture maintained is good with a good scope of learning and growth.","BA","Former Employee","US","July 30, 2017","4.0"
"Great Benefits","Nice place to work. It has its day to day challenges, but with the right skills and support, you can pull through and accomplish the various tasks at hand.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2017","4.0"
"work day","My main goal was customer service . Making sure customers were taking care of. Astreeful day at the bank was the annual bank audit making sure we pass at 100%","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Orland Park, IL","July 30, 2017","5.0"
"It's ok","If you're young, a good place to start a career. Fast changing; must be flexible. Benefits are ok. But it's a large company; individuals can get lost in the crowd.","MEDIA RELATIONS","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2017","3.0"
"Lowest Pay in the Banking Industry","I worked for this bank for close to 5 years, and while I had the opportunity to work with genuinely good hard-working people, I finally had to go. Despite excellent reviews each year, the promised raises were never above 1.25%, even though the newspaper listed the CEO's raises as 43% one year and more recently around 14%. The benefits? Sound good on paper, but the deductible is $3,000 per year per insured person. They say the hire the best and the brightest but those people either laugh at the low salaries or leave after a year or two. I worked for other local banks, so I can compare. This company does NOT value their employees, and it will eventually cost them as more and more of them leave for greener pastures. I did.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 29, 2017","1.0"
"Decent Employment.","Basic, decent employment. There isn't much to say in regards to positives besides decent employment. No real reason to get involved in negative commentary.","Banker","Current Employee","Georgia","July 29, 2017","2.0"
"Good Advancement","Good company when it comes to being able to advance quickly. However pay is lacking compared to external hires and internal transfers are often underpaid and undervalued. benefits are good.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Rochester Hills, MI 48307","July 29, 2017","4.0"
" this bank is an awesome place to work"," this bank is an exceptional place to be employed. They love to guide you in your career development. They care about me as a person. this bank has great benefits.","Branch Sales Manager","Current Employee","Ocala, FL","July 29, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for"," this bank is a wonderful place to work, typical day at work includes 7 1/2 hours of sitting at a desk taking phone calls assisting customers with issues including online banking support, and regular checking savings account maintenance.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 28, 2017","3.0"
"Slow paced and friendly environment","What I learned about myself is that I do enjoy talking to customers and helping them with what they need at the time. The best part of my day was being able to know our customers, get to know more about them and create a relationship with them.","Teller","Former Employee","South River, NJ","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"not a good place","I did not receive the training I needed to independently perform my job duties. The assistant manager who was in charge would leave early most days with unfinished work for the new hires to complete , who did not have adequate training.","customer service","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 28, 2017","1.0"
"Fair work enviroment","Management give positive reinforcement. I appreciate the way he communicate with me.. Company show gratitude on a weekly basic thru meetings. Branch employee spread happiness true the day. Love to help client to meet their financials goals.","Financial Sale Consultant II","Former Employee","Altamonte Springs, FL","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"Good team environment, but stressful","The team environment and the supervisors and managers are very friendly and helpful in working with customers. However, due to the nature of a call center, there are numerous customers calling in every day, some of whom can be rude and unpleasant to speak with. It is important to remain professional during these calls because calls are recorded and calls are picked at random for review with your team leader.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"Fast paced and mentally challenging","Work in cubicles helping customers with online banking concerns & questions. Rewarding work experience. I work evenings and the atmosphere is quiet but the call volume is very high.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2017","4.0"
"Good working environment","The workplace at this bank is well balanced, it is very much employee oriented. It's very important for the management to listen to concerns of their employees.","Fincancial Specialist","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","July 28, 2017","5.0"
"Typical Bank Owned Culture","Your experience at this bank is what you make it. Bank owned subsidiaries like this bank Capital Advisors are internally focused sales cultures highly controlled by risk management. It's not Google.","DCIO Sales","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 28, 2017","4.0"
"Great Company","I really liked working here and they usually will work with you if you have changes to your schedule. Great managers and co workers and flexible schedule","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Bricktown, NJ","July 27, 2017","5.0"
"None","Its a good job for a new entry into the workplace, but the compensation does not align itself with present economy. the workplace culture involves complete unity within the branch which includes branch manager, tellers, personal bankers, wealth management bankers, and mortgage loan officers.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","July 27, 2017","3.0"
"Team oriented, wonderful working environment.","Team oriented environment. Manager very accessible for questions about assignments, expectations, time frames. Manager would give realistic time frames for projects based on the teams current workload. Manager provided one-on-one meetings weekly.","Programmer","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","July 27, 2017","5.0"
"okay place to work","customer service and coaching employees too sales goaled. focus on customer service went away. New management did not care about employees or customers","BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","July 27, 2017","5.0"
"Poor management","Stressful environment, this bank want you to promote products to customers that can't afford them. Very poor management. People left because of management..","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","July 27, 2017","3.0"
"Overall a good company","A good company that I like to work for.. Management can improve.. Also the bank is starting to get too sales driven. Other than those things, they are understanding and want a positive work life balance.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 26, 2017","4.0"
"Motivated","Interesting fun family oriented culture with an ever learning of the business and industry. Everyone is involved and seems to care about the company and their position.","Account Services Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 26, 2017","5.0"
"Great company. Great work environment."," this bank is a great company. Management is fair and cares about employee growth and development and invested in creating happy, productive engaged employees.","Counsel","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 26, 2017","5.0"
"Poor compensation","Poor compensation. Getting promoted within the company means nothing because they are unwilling to give you any considerable increase no matter how well you perform.","Account Services Specialist Senior","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 26, 2017","1.0"
"poor management","poor management from and high turn-over due to sr management down to sales. 85%+ turn over rate while I was working there and I hope they have since changed their way","Senior Account Executive","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 25, 2017","1.0"
"Worst company","They do not care about their employees! You can do 10 million things right but your first mistake will always be your last with the company. I was with the company for 15 years. Won rewards, trips etc left and right. They wanted to get rid of the long time employees to hire younger employees with cheaper salary.","Banking Officer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2017","1.0"
"Stressful - but fullfilling","If you like numbers and working with lots of money, this is the place for you. It's a customer service job just anywhere else, just with added responsibility.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ecorse, MI","July 24, 2017","5.0"
"exceeded expectations","I left this company for better advancement and made the mistake of coming back. I wish I stayed at my old position. What a mistake. The management does not care about their employees.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","July 24, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work","My experience has been with an awesome team. If you are motivated to do your job well you will reap the rewards. It is a great job, and I strongly recommend working for the company.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Towson, MD","July 23, 2017","5.0"
"Fun company","Very good company to work for which this bank had a lot of great people working for them. I learned a very great deal working with this bank on how to work with business owners.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","North Haledon, NJ","July 23, 2017","5.0"
"Workplace","The associates are great to work within the site. The compensation needs to improve.The management sometime can be overwhelming. The work place culture is enjoyable.","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 22, 2017","3.0"
"Needed some help","The company was bought out but it was a good starting job out of school for those who did not have any work experience. you have to start somewhere so i would say try a bank or a call center every time if you don't know what you want to do.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 21, 2017","3.0"
"Good benefits","Good benefits for the employees, work under sales pressure required to be able to meet manager's expectations. Management can have unrealistic sales goals expectations for their employees.","Branch Manager Senior","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","July 20, 2017","3.0"
"Great Place","Honestly a great place to work at, company wise. Compensation does need to be a tad more especially in retail banking. You do twice the work and get paid for 1.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 20, 2017","4.0"
"What a terribly managed comapny","I don't recommend this company to anyone who wants to have a helpful and constructively kind manager. All managers are ruthless and you have no job security and are constantly threatened.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 20, 2017","1.0"
"Def not a good company to work for","Management don't assist their agents when they need assistance. Management are never around when you need help and lucky if they're at their desk and they will not help you, unless you are their favorite. Management come to work high and not only can you tell, but you can smell it on them. A Very High turn around. I would not recommend anyone to work for this company","Customer Care Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 19, 2017","1.0"
"Great company","Plenty of opportunity for advancement, be prepared to work hard and always be ready for change. Product offering is large and is designed to meet the needs of the customers.","Business Banking Center Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 19, 2017","5.0"
"horrible"," this bank is a stressful work environment to be in, between the everyday tasks supporting the customers they also give you a million things to do as far as stalking customers for more sales etc. calling there homes being yelled at if sales goals aren't made","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Abington, PA","July 19, 2017","3.0"
"Above Average Company","This has been almost the best job I have ever had. Even if you start out at the 'lowest' position at this bank, you are given ample opportunity to advance and really make a career for yourself. As a teller, I had the chance to go to monthly meetings and feel important, spoke with my manager on a regular basis on my goals for my career and how I was going to get there, and was just in a great environment with management that showed they actually cared about me. this bank is NOT heavy on sales, they really focus on taking care of the customer and believing in the benefits for them. They don't want to shove a credit card in someone's face that isn't going to benefit from it. Sure, there is incentives and payouts, but customer service truly is number one for this company. I will miss working for this bank very much.","Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 18, 2017","5.0"
"Started out a great place to work, and now...not so much!","The first 3 1/2 years I spent at this bank, it was like a dream job! Then new management rolled in. Throughout the entire company. Then it became a nightmare job! Stupid ridiculous processes that they forced us to use, but the management didn't use them themselves and constantly made us look stupid. Then they withheld raises and only gave them to the people they liked, who fell in line with them. Terrible culture and just continues to get worse!","Project Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 18, 2017","2.0"
"Csr","Worked as a teller. Also opened/closed accounts. Offered products and service to new and existing clients. Made phone calls trying to bring new clients in","FL","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","July 18, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place","This is a great place to work, advancement may not come fast but the people are wonderful. They really let you come to work and do your job efficiently without the micro management.","Commercial Loan Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 18, 2017","4.0"
"nice friend and family oriented place to work","I would come in at 8am open the branch clock in count the money in the safe and also at my register. I would look at the message board for any up coming promotions or objective for the day. Greet every customer with in the 5Seconds of their arrival and assist them with anything the might need.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 18, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","great place to work to get banking experience with good benefits get to grow and move up in the company quickly. friendly coworkers and management overall good place to work","Business Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 18, 2017","3.0"
"A Great Workplace"," this bank offers a great, fair workplace! Enjoy the morale and opportunities to grow from within. Most managers are fair and great to work for. The experience is what you make it. The more you put into it, the more you get out of it.","Senior Administrative Assistant II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 18, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","One of the best banking call center environments Ive worked for. not only are they very flexible with schedule but they do every they can to show that they care about their employees.","Customer Care Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 18, 2017","5.0"
"Wonderful Employer","I've been with this bank for almost 2 years now. This is a good company to work for. I started off in regular customer service and a year later took a job in business banking. There is so much room for advancement here as long as you do your job. I would definitely recommend working for this bank. It's not just a job, as it can lead to a career. I don't plan on leaving this bank and hope to keep advancing.!","Business Banking Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 17, 2017","5.0"
"no place for advancement","I had worked there for 2 years with a masters degree and i had been told how good of an employee i was but when any.... and multiple openings happened for advancement i was left in dark.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","July 17, 2017","2.0"
"Advancement Issues","I was hired at this bank as a contract employee. My contract was to consist of 3 months with possibility of conversion to Full Time status. I was first extended at the end of my 3rd month for an additional 3 months. Then, extended again for another 3 months. Totaling 9 months.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 16, 2017","3.0"
"You'l never be enough","The goals they have given to tellers are insane and completely unachievable. Even if you miraculously it the minimum requirements to earn incentives and keep your job, it won't be recognized and no matter what you do it'll never be enough.","Teller","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","July 16, 2017","2.0"
"High Stress / High Demand Workplace","Always being 'coached' and pushed to SELL. Goals are unrealistic. Plan to work overtime and 6 days a week. Always under-staffed and the managers rarely work extra hours, especially Saturdays. No written warnings if you make a mistake, they just fire you on Friday afternoon.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 16, 2017","2.0"
"Benefits are good but no work life balance","Not every department has the same expectations and shifts and bonuses are different in each department. Some departments do not offer bonuses and won't allow you to request time off unless you use your vacation time and that has to be available that day that you need off. No one really cares what you have going on outside of this bank and you can trade shifts with co workers but if your department isn't 24 hours and you can only trade with people on your shift that males trading difficult because more than likely everyone just about works the same shift. Money is great for a full time employee every two weeks buy be prepared to eat, sleep, and breathe nothing but this bank!","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","July 15, 2017","5.0"
"Have to meet your goals","If you do not meet your goals then you will be written up. It is very stressful when the pressure is on you to meet the companies quota. You do not want to harass customers and force them into loans and credit cards if they do not want it. the company doesn't care. they want accounts opened and loans approved.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Oxon Hill, MD","July 14, 2017","1.0"
"horrible communication","No communication between upper and lower management, redesigned horrible payscale that limits any opportunity for advancement or raises, demotions, overworked.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 14, 2017","1.0"
"HORRIBLE place to Work!!!","I started with a small hometown bank that was bought out four times over the 21 years I worked there. When this bank come along, they tried EVERYTHING to cut my salary...said $29,000 was WAY over their pay scale for a Customer Service Rep!!! After many unsuccessful attempts, they called me & another lady that had been there for 14 years, into an office and said they were letting us go...but we would get a severance package. The day AFTER I found a new job, I was told by management that they now needed me....and when I said no, I was let go with NO SEVERANCE whatsoever!!!! The only thing this bank cares about is making money, NOT about the customers!!!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Graham, NC","July 13, 2017","1.0"
" this bank","I worked here for 10 years. I began as a receptionist and ended as a paralegal in ERISA compliance. Overall the Bank was a very good place to work. It provided a reasonable compensation partnered with a very nice benefits package. Save only one, my immediate supervising managers were exceptional and very responsive to my work place needs. I became one of the 'casualties' in a Bank wide downsizing.","Paralegal","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 13, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a wonderful company. I take pride in being a part of helping our clients every day. They take care of the employees also. I'm looking forward to a long career here.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Duluth, GA","July 13, 2017","5.0"
"Good focus on client retention and cross-selling"," this bank is very focused on how to improve their clients financial well being. Making sure every avenue is taken to assure the client that the products and services being offered is in their best interest.","Marketing Outreach Representative","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","July 13, 2017","4.0"
"Work with good people","I really enjoy the people I work with and the atmosphere that my peers would create. My immediate supervisor was good to work with as well. Maybe not as hands on as what is needed, but assisted in other ways. The problem is the goals. There is still what I call a 'Wells Fargonian' mentality driven by our upper management to push products, hit monthly and quarterly selling goals and not ever talk or concern themselves about the incredible service we provide, but rather how much money did we make the company.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","July 13, 2017","3.0"
"Low pay for what is expected.","I had a great branch manager and district manager. Just way too much put on your plate. A lot to know and many many jobs to do. this bank is cutting corners everywhere and putting the burden on their underpaid employees.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL","July 13, 2017","3.0"
"terrible management led me to quit","I was treated horrifically once promoted and moved to a different location to work. I was thrown in with minimal training and held to unrealisitically high standards. I did not like what was told to me, how I was treated compared to the other employees, how I was pushed to do all the work and forced to train employees, while the manager only pushed me and gave severe punishment for falling behind in the pile of work she never gave me the chance to do.","Full Time Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Claymont, DE","July 13, 2017","2.0"
" this bank is very good to its employees","I would highly recommend working for this bank. The building that I worked in was a very relaxed atmosphere, the employees are very friendly, like working with family.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 12, 2017","5.0"
"fast pace and stressful","cashed checks . deposited checks and cash. opened accounts for customers. best part were the people I worked with . hardest part was smiling while being cursed out by customer for requesting info to verify an account","Teller","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","July 12, 2017","3.0"
"Great work-life balance"," this bank makes all the employees feel like they are valued, they also offer many benefits to the employee and allows employees to move up within the this bank company","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 12, 2017","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great employer very invested in their employees success. They continue to recognize me as an employee and continue to work to make this a more engaging atmosphere","Business Banking Team Leader II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 12, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is a place of structure and excellence, always looking to propel other's into their future.","One thing I learned is this, I cannot allow the personalities of people to be the set thermometer of the overall vision, but rather realize we are all a gathered people who are set to reach one common goal and that is to increase the value of the company and to change the overall demographics of a culture, where, through the initiative of this bank every person, family, business, etc. is prospering. So as a company, this bank was great! this bank always made sure, through many on-line quizzes we, the frontline was sharp and knew how to effectively, with intentionality, meet the needs of our customers. And this bank has great honorary benefits for those who desire to put their best foot forward. They really do care.","Teller II","Former Employee","Schererville, IN","July 12, 2017","4.0"
"Not able to grow unless you know someone","It is more about who you know versus what you know. People with no experience and education are promoted versus someone with experience or education, because of who they know. Benefits are terrible. You need a second job to pay for the high deductible insurance plans.","Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 11, 2017","3.0"
"ok place","I worked there many years ago...the building is no longer there and I am not even sure if the department is still there. I encoded fields onto the actual check and had to balance each deposit.","Reconciling Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 11, 2017","4.0"
"Depends on position","This could be a great place to work, if management cared more about the salary of their employees. If they were more hands on and less fouced overall with none importgant factors.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 10, 2017","3.0"
"Ok Job","Good work life balance but job itself is very stressful. I have learned a lot about the industry but would like to learn more. Although very challenging at times it can be rewarding as well.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2017","4.0"
"Great work place"," this bank cares about its employees. They are easy to schedule around and there are get working enviroment. this bank has the easy going management that you can talk to if there is ever a problem they are always willing to help.","Teller","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","July 10, 2017","4.0"
"Great job to move up"," this bank is a great place to work. This job has allowed me to learn different aspects of being a bank teller. Most people think being a teller is just counting out money to the customer. You actually do more than what meets the eye. You are working face to face with customers, meaning your skill need to be on point. You have to give the customers our undivided attention. You process many bank transactions, and managing a lot of cash during the day.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Waldorf, Marylan","July 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fun place to work in and productive","Nice to work with costumers, working with our customers helping them reach their goal in saving and learning hoe to manage their money. Working in customer service, giving them advice on their financial problems.","Teller","Former Employee","Emmaus, PA","July 10, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, good management. This is my second time working for this bank and I love what I do. A typical day is that I am not micromanaged. I continue to learn each day. The culture is good. I really enjoy coming into work each day. The only con is that my position is in Downtown Pittsburgh where you have to may to park, however that is not job duty related.","Talent Acquisition Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2017","4.0"
"Fun, hospitable enviroment","I learned to pay attention and respect each person with their particular needs and culture. We worked as a team and it was delightfull to be among different cultures united for the same goal: company + team= everyone grows.","Bank Teller I","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","July 9, 2017","5.0"
"Good company but some managers need training","On a typical day, it is business as usual and I learned to be self motivated. I worked under different managers, some very professional and pleasant to work with, others very poor at human relations. Workplace culture is good per company policies, but under a manager who is inexperienced or mischievous, workplace culture is nothing to write home about. The hardest part of the job is relating with managers who are not good. The most enjoyable part of the job is doing what you are experienced at.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","July 8, 2017","3.0"
"A Good Place to start your career","Good place to start a career and find better employment. All the good people quit, but the CIO will tell you they are hiring and retaining more than people are leaving. Good people to work with but we are the hardest to do business with.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 8, 2017","3.0"
"Disappointing work environment","I always heard great things about working for this bank, but after joining the team I was able to see a different side. I experienced a lack of leadership, the branch experienced a lack of support from upper management. For a 4-5 month period, including over the holidays which are the busiest times of the year, the branch was left with barely a staff. Many times there was only one teller when there needed to be three. The manager cared more about sales versus customer service, and many times would deceive the customer. The upper management was well aware of the problems in the branch and didn't seem to bother to help. As I kept working there I was starting to hear from other people in the company how it was changing and not for the better. If the right management was in place, the business and branch could have been very successful.","Sales Branch Sales and Service Specialist","Former Employee","Delaware County, PA","July 7, 2017","1.0"
"Team Environment","One of the Best Organization have one of the Best Teams. Helpful Resources. Nothing hard -Lot of Learning Opportunity to get rid of Hard Situation. Working with most Senior Management lead to one step ahead in your career and this bank is one of that.","Tester","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 7, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and fun workplace.","I worked at this bank for three years. I can say that I enjoyed working for this company. this bank offered me the opportunity to learn different skills to make me a greater asset to the company. They really pushed for people to step in being leaders.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 7, 2017","3.0"
"remote uw","I am thankful for the opportunity and knowledge I received at this bank. I've worked for the company for almost 6 years and I have worked very hard in my position.","Exception Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 6, 2017","1.0"
"Consistant","Sales, cold calling with bank staff, worked closely with Business Banker. Easy to sell merchant services with bank products. Catered to small/mid size businesses. Established bank and bank products. Customers were the best part of the job. Not much customer service as products and equipment worked.","Business Development","Former Employee","West Chester, King of Prussia, PA","July 6, 2017","5.0"
"Banking","Working at this bank is like working at any other bank. You run transactions, open accounts, do loan applications for cars, mortgages, lines of credit, as well as make referrals.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Creve Coeur, MO","July 6, 2017","4.0"
"Good starting place and learned a lot","This job is a good learning experience for me. It helped me understand the world of finances a lot more and helped me better maintain my own personal finances. Some days were harder than others but I believe that is how it would be at any job there will always be ups and downs you just need to learn to work through it.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 5, 2017","3.0"
"Productive","This place was a great start to learning the world of banking. It was great to learn the financial institution as well as working with the different clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great","There was much to love about working here. The facetime with senior level executives was next to none. The work could have been delineated better, but it was a great experience.","Business Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 4, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Postions","I work on certification of applications to make sure that every people has the right access to only the applications they need. I audit over 30 thousand plus employees quaterly","Successful work leader and mentor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 4, 2017","5.0"
"pros vs cons","the branch managers are good, mine is helpful. the upper management don't even know you exist, the salary is good, the incentives are a joke. never a set schedule and don't expect your manager to work a Saturday.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","July 4, 2017","3.0"
"Work along with fun and very encouraging staff","the work culture is good and good exposure to the subject.Work along with fun and very encouraging staff. But cell phones are not allowed which was difficult","Associate Software Engineer","Former Employee","hyderbad, Telangana","July 3, 2017","5.0"
"Large Company","Large company with opportunity for advancement if you get the right management team. you're able to transfer within company which is a plus. the pay was ok.","Education Lending Consultant","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 3, 2017","3.0"
"Good experience"," this bank is a really great company, I work in the collections department and it's a very fast-paced job. If you get stressed easily, I don't recommend this job. The people here are incredible.","Consumer Support Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","July 3, 2017","4.0"
"Excellent place to work","I cannot say more about how great this bank is as a place to work. It is WORK though so be prepared to roll up your sleeves and get to work, as you are worked to the bone. At then end of the day though, you are rewarded for your efforts, and have a great sense of accomplishment","Business Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2017","5.0"
"Friendly working environment, was a great learning experience","We had a busy branch. Customers would come for different transactions. I learned new things related to banking, met new people, and enjoyed helping customers.","Part-time Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Productive & competitve","very fasted paced, you must have good customer service skills, be able to multi- task, be willing to sale & refer products& service to clients. Need to proficient with technology","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Greenville, NC","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work for the driven","Excellent company to work for. Provides a competitive environment while keeping the cliques to a minimum. Compensation isn't great and takes a while to kick in.","Service Associate II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place, great people good company","Excellent place to work. very supportive people and very good management group.employee benefits also very good. career growth also very good as always more opportunities to explore on different tasks.","AWS Devops Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place, not so good for Part Time Employees","Being a part time employee you have to wait a year for vacation days. Banking hours are not good for someone that wants to have a second job unless you can find someone that will accept you starting after 4pm. They have great management. Nice place to work, pay could be better.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Moon, PA","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"great company","this was a fun company to work for they put a lot of time into training their employees and you can tell they value you as a person. the hours are great also","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Wisconsin","June 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great company with uncertain future with certain product lines","Overall, a very good company. It was a positive working culture with many great people in management and staff. The biggest issue for me was that the product line that I worked with in collections became extinct. The jobs I had in collections were incentive based. When I was transferred to another department, the incentive opportunities were not there. So this caused me to me to have decreased income even though I was a good standing employee with the company for years.","Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","great management and leadership. retired in 2014 and enjoyed all the years that I worked for this bank. Great place for advancement. The hardest part was leaving a place I enjoyed going to.","Retired","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great learning experience","The program was designed to teach you how to run a bank from the cosumer and business sides. The hardest part was retaining all the information you had to learn and the most enjoyable part was traveling to all the different headquaters for trainings.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","June 28, 2017","3.0"
"limited opportunities","i enjoy the people i work with but the advancement is limited. did not inform employees in a timley manner, a lot of tech issues on a daily basis. good team engagement","Senior Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Michigan","June 28, 2017","3.0"
"Challenges","Fast paced environment. It is not for the faint-hearted. Will challenge your customer services skills and your response to resolved upsetting situations.","Retention Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC 27804","June 28, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","I enjoy the banking accounts & other products that this bank supplies, but the particular office I worked for was poorly ran in my opinion. The office employed an universal banking consultant that did several illegal things on a daily basis and regardless of reporting to my manager was never taken serious until things really escalated. She was eventually let go, but only after driving the other staff to transfer and seek employment outside the company.","Universal Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Portsmouth, OH","June 28, 2017","2.0"
"Good Place to work","Very happy with management and work balance. Culture is very distributed as a result of Teleworking. The most difficult part of the job is adjust to the work requirements including weekends.","Senior Application programmer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Work life balance","I have received a tremendous work from home/office balance that has helped me to maintain work/life balance. This is likely not possible in all departments but definitely exists within the company.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2017","4.0"
"Great starter Job","I learned a lot about finances working here, which also helped in my personal life. They are a huge company with great benefits, they just don't like to pay employees enough.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Aurora, IL","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Was a good place for a career."," this bank was a good place to start and continue a career. It's a fast paced, time sensitive environment that keeps you on your toes at all times. The people are the ones that make it go.","AVP","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Overall","Great Management and really enjoyed working with our customers and members face to face on a daily basis. The team engagement is great and able to meet a lot of people","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Great workplace culture","Everyday was always a little different and challenging. Learned a lot about Foreign Exchange and banking. Allowed me to better myself in a great workplace enviroment.","Foreign Exchange Investment Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2017","5.0"
"Brand Ambassador","This position was brand new and it was like developing a new business more then working on a structured and established department in the bank. The advancement prove to be non-existent and that where the down fall begins with this position. My thoughts and ideas of the position was far different then management and that didn't help the department. This position as an advertiser became a guerilla sales position, which was not the best idea as ghost accounts were created by potential customers just looking to take advantage of the promotions.","Sales Ambassador","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 27, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to start a career","I started my career at this bank in 2005 and have been here ever since. It was a great place to work many years ago. There was always something going on to boost company morale. That has changed a lot ever since bank N was acquired. There are still attempts to boost morale and the activities coordinator in the building that I worked in did a great job with the budget she was given every year, but employees could tell that there was cuts made and that some things were now off limits.","Booking and Exceptions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2017","4.0"
"A place to grow your profession","Excellent place to work. Great systems that make your daily work easy. Employees development is of the core aim of the bank with constant training to better their performance","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Somerset, NJ","June 26, 2017","5.0"
"Vauge Onboarding Policies","Found myself subject to a 'Probation Period' with no guidance. Some passive-aggressive attitudes seem designed to derail success and productivity. Vague direction from leadership and a lot of course corrections.","Business Analytics Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2017","3.0"
"Work/Life Balance is taken seriously","it's a great company to start off with ! The company hosts numerous events showing appreciation for the employees and that their hard work never goes unnoticed!","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is excellent!"," this bank makes sure you are engaged with the company at all times, which creates a huge work life balance for you. The company is awesome, they make sure you are always taken care of and on the right path to success!","Service Representative","Current Employee","Pinellas Park, FL","June 26, 2017","5.0"
"loan officer","Processing department was very slow, had many deals die while being processed. Pay rate was low, benefits as far as health and vacation were good. Work atmosphere was good.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 25, 2017","3.0"
"It's ok if your not the sole financial provider.","The atmosphere is comfortable. The pay is low. The background process is discriminating and bias. The challenges that they put their candidates through is not worth the pay. It's usually the jobs like that.","QC Analyst II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 25, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to be at with nice work-life balance","Managers are very realistic and set well defined goals. They understand tasks and help to achieve them if we need help. Great place with good work-life balance. Freedom to try newer/better ways to achieve goals. Competitive place to learn.","L4 Consultant for MySQL and Oracle","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 25, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace"," this bank is a very good company to work. I would recommend this to anyone. I like the work culture and the management. I am able to balance both my personal and work life.","Application manager","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","June 24, 2017","4.0"
"Coworkers were friendly.","Nice workplace. Enjoyed working with coworkers. A typical day is being productive of mailing out the customers packages correct. The hardest part of the job is trying not to get paper cuts.","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 24, 2017","4.0"
"Job Desvcription","Reviewed and produced commercial documentation via Laser Pro and Capital Stream documentation systems. Enjoyed the challenge of completing accurate loan documentation.","Attorney","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 24, 2017","3.0"
"Productive place to work in a great location in the city.","I enjoyed working with this bank. It was a full time position and always something productive that needed to be done. I was able to learn different departments and assist where needed. I learned great organization and prioritizing skills.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 23, 2017","4.0"
" this bank comapny was my best experince of my life to do work over there .","in this company i were work very hard and daily work is typical .i learned a lot of knowledge about work of construction and how to management the work and work in decipline . the envoiurment of that company is very good and very cultural.and this is the most enjoyable part of the job.","Site Engineer","Former Employee","Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh","June 23, 2017","4.0"
"the work is great, management is terrible","the neighborhood is nice. the boss was arrogant and kind of racist. the most enjoyable part of the job was the work and interacting with the customers.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Narberth, PA","June 23, 2017","4.0"
"Poor leadership","With the exception of the guy who initially managed me, the leadership in Greater Maryland is pathetic. All former BofA managers who must've had helluva good resumes because it did not carry over to the position.","Vice President","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 22, 2017","1.0"
"Best work life balance anywhere","There is a reason why this bank is always on the top of 2017 NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women. The work life balance is great. The positions are generally very secure. The salaries are lower than the industry average, healthcare isn't on par. Raises are incredibly, shockingly, and insultingly low.","APPLICATION DEVELOPER SR","Former Employee","Parma, OH","June 22, 2017","5.0"
"Great place of employment","Great company with growth opportunity. Company is ahead of the curve in the industry and always does right by their clients. Ethical and honest culture and would highly recommend.","Vice President","Current Employee","Daphne, AL","June 21, 2017","5.0"
"Great people, poor pay, little room to grow","Great environment if you embrace change regularly. Must be self-starter. Training needs to be consistent within departments. Management does not always have background in area they are managing. If you start making any decent money, the commission structure will inevitably change and you are back where you started 5 years prior and are unable to retain any consistent book of business. People within region are wonderful to work with.","Merchant Services Representative","Current Employee","Ohio","June 21, 2017","4.0"
"Position has turned into a sales job","Position was not as customer oriented as advertised. New sales requirements and significant staffing reductions made it very difficult to do the job I was hired to do.","Teller","Former Employee","Indiana","June 21, 2017","2.0"
"Was a great company","I thoroughly enjoyed working for this bank. I truly feel like this is a company that cares about their employees. There are always advancement opportunities with this company.","Personal Banker II","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","June 20, 2017","4.0"
"ok","It was a good job but they don't care about employees. The people were nice to be around but there was no work life balance. I feel like we didn't et paid enough for what we did.","CREDIT CARD CONSULTANT II","Former Employee","Columbus, Oh","June 20, 2017","3.0"
"Great Environment","Great culture and environment. They have a great culture where you can advance in the company. The salary was the only reason why I left this bank. There was a 10% cap on advancing in the company. I am a college graduate and deserve much more to live comfortably.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","June 20, 2017","4.0"
"fun environment","Overall, it was a fun place to work. The branch was in a good place, surrounded by restaurants. The customers were fun to talk to and the other employees made the day more fun. It was difficult to work on the referrals, which drove down our monthly bonus. Our branch never received a bonus, which was one of the issues I had with the company. The other issue I had, and was the main reason I left, was the pay.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 20, 2017","3.0"
"not sure of employment","stress, stress, stress, worked on production, hard to kept up with quotes set each month, everyday what we were looking for was changed (sometimes from hour to hour) you never knew what you were looking for, never had anything to say positive all negative, but ha good benefits","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 20, 2017","3.0"
"Good company","Overall experience was nice. The atmosphere was pleasant and the job work/ life balance was key to all employees. they were nice with family issues and or time off if needed","Systems Administrator Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2017","4.0"
"fun place","I enjoy working at this place its a lot to learn I love interacting with customers and being able to help customer in a timely fashion. I recommended this job","Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2017","5.0"
"A Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work. Coaching and development is their key to success. Everyone works as a team. It can be trying at times depending upon your position and location when it comes to work/life balance.","Business Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Stafford, VA","June 19, 2017","4.0"
"Okay place to work","Opportunity for advancement is available. Nice place to work. Pretty good benefits. Flexible place to work at. ***************************************","Senior Loan Processing Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 19, 2017","3.0"
"I'M Happy to working this company","Culture is the environment that surrounds you at work all of the time. Culture is a powerful element that shapes your work enjoyment, your work relationships, and your work processes. But, culture is something that you cannot actually see, except through its physical manifestations in your workplace.","Informatica Developer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 19, 2017","5.0"
"Customer service oriented","Teach you that customer service is your main goal each day. Provided excellent training for such a goal which has stuck with me in my daily life. I believe customer service is one of the most important goals of any job.","Treasury Management Senior Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 19, 2017","2.0"
"Sales Driven","Really pushes sales to help drive business. Was seasonal so sales goals were hard to meet during the off season since client were seen on a regular bases.","Teller Banking Representative II","Former Employee","Ocean City, MD","June 19, 2017","3.0"
"Lots of friendly and knowledgable people","I worked there for 7 years and was treated fairly. Left on my own accord to pursue a more challenging job. very relaxed atmosphere with good benefits.","Closer II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 17, 2017","4.0"
"Very productive and tedious job","A typical day at work for me is withdrawing and depositing money for customers. Handling very large amounts of money throughout the day. The hardest part of the day is the customers always.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 17, 2017","4.0"
"Decent place to work","There's a lot of room to grow, but upper management micro manages you. There's hundreds of calls, sales goals are not optional, the benefits are terrible.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Chalfont, PA","June 16, 2017","3.0"
"good day","I like working here at this bank I am just looking around exploring my options. Its a great place to be and such a friendly culture we love our clients they love this bank","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","June 15, 2017","5.0"
"Fast Pace Environment","Being responsible for others money can be stressful in itself but as long as your precise in your job task the job is fairly easy. The pay could be better.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","June 15, 2017","3.0"
"Fun and interactive","Had to make sure my teller drawer matched down to the penny, Also counted the ATM with counting machine. The neighborhood all would stop by and you got to know the neighbors very will. Great training and caring people.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 14, 2017","5.0"
"No customer service","Clients are treated as if they are lucky to be clients, comes from the top down. Complete arrogance and wouldn't have worked there, but loved the people I worked with, just not the management.","Mortgage Banker","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","June 14, 2017","1.0"
"Great place to work","Seeing patients that are acute care and health prevention. It has a great management team and great co-workers. The workplace has everything new in technology and the office is very clean and everything is new and improved...","Certified Medical Assistant","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 14, 2017","5.0"
"Loss mitigation","This company could be awesome, but the experience is taken away by manegerial flaws to the 25th power. Any company you work based on culture starts at the top. this bank loss mitigation department heads have no real relationships with what is going on with staff and barely supervisors. Upper managemt in any way shape or form does not help to streamline a process, but add more and more to a lengthy overdrawn process as well. They believe in a do as i say not as i do sort of management style. They are exempt we are not kind of attitude creating an us against them mentality. This is not good management and it starts from the top. Seldom do you hear any good news from the loss mit dept. They also do layoffs each year. They tell you there are no layoffs. Then turn right around and do it. They also you personal agenda's to pick who goes. If your looking for safety, happiness, home, and a feeling that you matter this is not the spot.If you looking for drama, constant change, no help, no sympathy, not making it easier for employees to maximize their job. this bank is not the place! This is purely based on upper management on Ohio and Jacksonville. You have been informed.","credit analyzer cust service spoc","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 14, 2017","2.0"
"Nice starting job","Nothing spectacular, nothing to crazy. Great people to work with. Most of the time it is a relaxed place. Not extremely hard on goals or sales. Overall great environment to work in.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Suwanee, GA","June 14, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work with great opportunities for upward mobility","-Inbound/outbound calls to clients and prospective clients for financial consultation. -Retirement planning strategies, education savings, insurance, estate planning. -Fun, quick-paced and team-oriented. -Maintaining adequate phone activity. -Helping clients meet their long-term goals","Investment Services Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 14, 2017","5.0"
"great job culture with benefits","This was a great company to work for. The management is professional and very fair. The customer service terrific across-the-board including telephone banking and internet services.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","June 13, 2017","5.0"
"Sales Quota's","If you work in the Giant In-Store Locations then you will be stressed out because you have to get accounts from customers coming into Giant to buy grocery's and you can only do so much.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","June 13, 2017","4.0"
"Productive, fast paced Work Environment","I loved working here and always having the opportunity/possiblilty to take online classes to learn different aspects of the banking industry. But we were often short tellers, and I would be asked to travel to different branches to help out.","Part-time Teller","Former Employee","Austintown, OH","June 13, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced and extremely competitive enviorment","Very fun, fast paced enviorment. People are easy to get along with, so was management. Left for personal reasons otherwise I would still be working there.","Financial Sales Specialist","Former Employee","Palm Beach Gardens, FL","June 12, 2017","5.0"
"Never know what the day brings!","Open accounts, Close Accounts, angry people happy people, Loans, credit card, Ratings from customers, Rude managers, unhappy co-workers, stressed about numbers but always over achieved any goal I set or the company required.","CSA - Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 12, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to work","Pros: Professional environment, I would highly recommend. Pay seems to be commensurate with experience. Decent benefits. Cons: Seems to be an overabundance of middle management personnel","Financial Professional","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2017","5.0"
"N/a","I have no work life balance as a full time consultant. I have asked for a schedule change for over a year now. And was forced to take a part time schedule just to be able to be home when my children get out of school at 4:30pm my schedule of 1:30-10pm was never the ideal schedule forever.","Customer service representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 12, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and good compensation with Benefits","Great place to work, a good manager and good teamwork. I enjoy working in this bank because the workplace is comfortable and is where people can grow and learn.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 11, 2017","5.0"
"A fairly good company to work for","Not the best compensation, but good benefits and friendly co-workers. Advancement opportunities are limited. The on-site cafeteria is nice to have if you are in a rush for lunch.","Quality Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 11, 2017","5.0"
"Plenty of opportunity for growth and advancement."," this bank is an encouraging place to work with great management and opportunities to advance your career. The company has a wide variety of options to fit the career you are looking for and will work with you to help you land the position you desire.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Township of Cranberry, PA","June 9, 2017","4.0"
"Excellent company to work for","I was in charge of large sums of money entering and leaving the bank. Everything had to be precise and of course, provide excellent customer service. I mostly enjoyed the interaction with customers and the responsibility.","BSSA","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2017","5.0"
"Ok","Wish I was able to be trained for everything that came my way , job was very hard with little to no help , call off by cashier may the job very hard on CSM","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 9, 2017","4.0"
"shady company","worked for them for 6 years laid off with zero notice, do not care about their employees, only care about shareholders. would not recommend to work for.","Foreclosure Processor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 9, 2017","1.0"
"I love it","I have to move but the job is amazing. Flexible hours I really like it.. Good monery to be made also withc ommission but a very small salary but that is oikay","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 9, 2017","5.0"
"Consistant workflow with many great programs for employees"," this bank offered amazing training (both in person and online) for employees to constantly better their skill sets and advance to the next level of their career. I made a lot of really good work relationships that I still have today from my time at this bank.","BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 8, 2017","5.0"
"Fun and a great opportunity to know people","A teller is a very mechanical type of work, but the fun part is the opportunity to know people, help them, talk to them and know their stories. It's a very peaceful place, no rush or anything, the manager hardly talk to you. The compensation it's not good.","Teller","Current Employee","Wilmington, NC","June 8, 2017","3.0"
"Great training, lots of advancement choices","Worked in large call center with several ammenties for employees. Call center offered many positions in different departments. Plenty of room for advancement.","Account Executive","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 8, 2017","5.0"
"Nice environment if the management was good","when you go into the job and work its not really hard, its just more of the environment. the management where i work is lazy. when you get slammed you get no help.","Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 8, 2017","3.0"
"Good company...low pay","The environment was great. The people are great. The only con I have with this bank is the compensation is on the low end for finance. There are bonus opportunities, but until you hit the upper levels of management the compensation is lacking. You do work in a 9-5 environment and that is a big plus. The part of this role that was the most irritating was the outbound calling of your customers. Having to dial 15 customers per day to 'invite' (solicit) them to come in for a financial checkup was never fun. I felt like a telemarketer at times.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","June 7, 2017","4.0"
"Quick-paced work space","At this bank there is always something to do. Between cooking and preparing food and running it out to customers and filling orders, there is always something to do to keep you busy.","Food Service Worker","Current Employee","Holmdel, NJ","June 7, 2017","4.0"
"It is a fun place to work if you make it that way","If you make it fun and interesting, it will be that way. You have to take your career in your hands. Nothing is given and much is required and expected.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Carmel, IN","June 7, 2017","4.0"
"Overall Good","Normal banking job. Your day will be based upon what office you are in. Decent corporate culture. Very involved in the community. Room fro advancement.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","June 7, 2017","4.0"
"Decent Company","Overall good work environment but the pay was not NEARLY enough to compensate for the workload, which typically (for most positions) was enough for 2 to 3 people.","Office Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 6, 2017","4.0"
"Productive workplace. Great co-workers.","Good work place. I love the way the staff that they treat me with respect. They showed me how to be a leader and not a follower. Before I went back to school, I was doing clerical work.","Intern","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 6, 2017","5.0"
"Another good company to work for","It's been over 20 years since I worked for this company. While I was there I enjoyed my time there. I advanced steadily through the company. The pay was comparable.","Supervisory Terminal Operator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 6, 2017","4.0"
"High paced work enviorment","I learned that being a bank teller was much more work than it appeared to be . In my opinion the position should pay more. The hardest part was feeling I was working to hard for the pay I received .","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 6, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work","As a student this was the perfect opportunity for me. I was able to make more than minimum wage and provide for myself. This is also a fantastic place for people that have families as well.","Consultant Level II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 6, 2017","4.0"
"Great Bank","I enjoyed working at this bank and would recommend it to all. Wonderful management and great training. There is a lot of opportunity to grow with this bank and they encourage it.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Lavallette, NJ","June 6, 2017","5.0"
"N/a","Overall, this bank is a fantastic company to work for. They are very development focused, have great benefits, and are more or less fair in decision making, though a little on the low side for incentives and salary. My biggest issue with this bank is the job security and some of the management I have worked with being retained when they really shouldn't.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 6, 2017","5.0"
"Not for the faint of heart"," this bank tries it's best to be flexible, but with such a large staff, the rules tend to not bend at all. Even in emergency situations. The call center environment is tedious, and requires someone who doesn't mind being on the phone and looking at a computer all day. For the most part, the calls are the same questions over and over again. Although a few times a day you will get very irate customers, and have to let it slide off your back and not take it personally.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","June 5, 2017","3.0"
"Employees are good to work with."," this bank isn't a bad place to work if you can deal with the favoritism and politics. You grow with the company if you are in good with management. There is not an equal opportunity in growth unfortunately. Friends promote friends.","Loan Officer Assistant","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 5, 2017","3.0"
"It's retail"," this bank is honestly a decent company to work for if you have the right team. I enjoy working with customers and helping them with their needs. I also enjoy building relationships with them. I don't like the pushy sales atmosphere. The minimum requirements for sales is absolutely absurd.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 5, 2017","4.0"
"Very stressful with calls.","Fun place to work at. Stress with back to back calls and government regulations. Managers were very supportive. Learning how the banking industry works","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2017","5.0"
"Great company to work for."," this bank was a great company to work for and family oriented. Only reason I left the company was to raise my children or elseI would have never left. I would love to work for this bank again.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Byesville, OH","June 4, 2017","5.0"
"Exciting Workplace","My time here was short, only because I was going to college full-time. On an average day, our branch manager would do funny impressions and make us laugh. He was a kind person who opened his home to us every Christmas. I loved working with my coworkers and enjoyed the regular customers.","TELLER REP I","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","June 2, 2017","4.0"
"It's a nice environment, I love my customers but its not a fair company","Management talks much about how they support their employees and want them to succeed but when you reach out to grow within the industry they do nothing for you.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Glenside, PA","June 2, 2017","3.0"
"fun workplace","Great place to work, You will learn a lot about all aspects of banking. Very professional workplace, and a very great start for students right out of college to learn the business.","Account Manager","Current Employee","Huber Heights, OH","June 2, 2017","5.0"
"Great Company","Great bank that provides work life balance. Benefits and culture are great. Could be tough to advance to different positions but the company is willing to help.","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","June 1, 2017","5.0"
"Learning ability is wonderful.","Used many of the investigative skills throughout my experience as a Fraud Investigator. Being new to the company, everyone was very helpful. Manager was experience and was opened to suggestions as well as helping solve your problems.","Investigator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh Pa","June 1, 2017","5.0"
"unorganized and chaotic place to work"," this bank was under bad management. The people were all very weird and the environment was scary. The checks were always late and there was always drama going on.","COOK","Former Employee","Concord, NC","June 1, 2017","2.0"
"Work Experience","Great place to get work experience, especially if you are new in the finance or banking industry. Intense training. Benefits are ok. Salary does not match with the amount of work.","Banker","Current Employee","Wisconsin","June 1, 2017","3.0"
"Low pay, but good culture that excuses an occasional mistake and gives one a relative sense of good job security.","Excellent place to work. I left for higher pay but have regretted it ever since. I assumed all 'big banks' were the same but they are not. Good management, good work/life balance, and good benefits. Pay below average and that is only negative.","Audit Process Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 1, 2017","5.0"
"In store sucks","If you want to advance your career, I do not suggest that you work at an in store branch. do yourself a favor and work at a traditional branch. on the plus side, in the last year and a half I have worked there, I have gotten $7,000 in raises.","Services Associate","Current Employee","Frankfort, KY 40601","May 31, 2017","4.0"
"Team Work with Fun","I was mostly involved in my daily work like Conducting JAD Session, Attending meetings( Walkthrough, Retrospective), Making BRD, FRD. Data Mapping using MS Visio.","Business System Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 31, 2017","4.0"
"Professional"," this bank has a professional work environment. Employees work together under tight deadline to achieve their goals. Accuracy and production is a must.","Work leader II","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 31, 2017","3.0"
"Great easy going workplace","Typical workday includes reviewing documents for accuracy, getting them signed, notarized, scanned into the system and then shipped out to the appropriate law firm. I've learned the culture of working in an office and am very proficient in most Word processing software as well as other various online applications that are used throughout the day. Management is awesome with all warm and smiling faces. The hardest part of the job would be sitting at a desk alone without anybody around to communicate with while at the same time that is also the best part because it leads to better focus and work flow. The most enjoyable part of the job is definitely being able to work at my own pace and seeing at the end of the day all that I have accomplished.","Document Attestation Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 30, 2017","5.0"
"Fun productive enviroment","Work on your own but also worked as a team to get all the production that needed finished for the day. I learned how to push myself to get great production numbers on my own. Worked from home 3 out of 5 days a week.","Administrative Assistant - KFI Department","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2017","5.0"
"Productive Work Culture","I worked at this bank Mortgage for almost four years. It was a very professional environment and overall I enjoyed my time there. The pay scale was low and while the benefits were reasonably good, I had had better. There were layoffs and my job was among them.","Administrative","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 30, 2017","3.0"
"very stressful","The employee turnover with staffing in very bad lot of under staffing issues. employee not given all the proper work tools in order to be productive daily.","Teller supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 30, 2017","2.0"
"A good place to work"," this bank is full of opportunities for anyone that is willing to work hard and earn them. They offer peak-time, part-time and full time hours, which should work for almost anyone. The welcome students and work around their schedules. One of the few companies that still matches your 401K deposits, up to 4%, has very good medical benefits at an extremely reasonable cost for full-timers, and also for part-timers. I believe if I were just starting out in the business world, this bank would certainly be on my list.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Wellington, FL","May 29, 2017","4.0"
"Stay away","Terrible work/life balance, horrible management and bosses, years behind in technology and workplace applications for being a bank. Stay away from this company for work and banking needs.","Purchasing Agent","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 29, 2017","1.0"
"productive","This is the same as BNY Mellon as they were bought by BNY Mellon. the culture was the same and management. the hardest part of the job is not having enough employee to do the work. work overload.","Investment Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 29, 2017","3.0"
"not a bad company to work for","It was a very good experience to work there. employees are treated farily. Its a fast faced environment, you can be very productive. Extensive training provided for success.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","New York, NY","May 29, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company to Start your Career","rGood Company to start your career. Salary is good and some leader will help you move up the career ladder. you can leader a lot in a shorty time. the sky is the limit","Vice President","Former Employee","Trenton, NJ","May 29, 2017","1.0"
"I like working for this bank, Wish their pay was competitive","I work as a banker at this bank, I do not have any complaints about the work itself, however I wish their pay was competitive with other banks. Beside that this bank offers really good benefits and paid time off.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 28, 2017","4.0"
"Seev below","My workday was predictable and productive. Several years of data entry.Enjoyed the employee appreciation programs and perks. PC really supported family issues","Operations Analyst III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 28, 2017","4.0"
"great job","i was a big fan of this job the people o worked with each day were amazing, the job was not difficult and the hours were nice. i would go back to this job if i ever had the chance","Head Vault Teller","Former Employee","Circleville, OH","May 27, 2017","5.0"
" this bank employee for 3 years","Working at this bank was fun and challenging, but sometimes it got boring and didn't feel like there was room for advancement. I would recommend starting your career at this bank","ACCEL Mortgage Banking Business Analyst","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 26, 2017","4.0"
"High Stress, Low Loyalty","Sales, Sales, Sales. Be prepared to hear about them multiple times a day. They say they are more concerned with customer service, but the push day in day out is for sales.","BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 26, 2017","3.0"
"Good company to work for.","The company has many career growth opportunities and promotes professional development. Some departments offer a better work/life balance than others.","Loan Support Analyst Senior - Specialty","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 25, 2017","4.0"
"Good job","I have worked here for almost a year now. It can be very repetitive work experience but the money is good. For someone who was a full-time college student and had internship, I was able to balance it out. They defiantly work with you especially if you are a student.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 25, 2017","3.0"
"working there","it was fun working here. it was fun working there. i had fun working there. i would like everyone to work there. i want to work back here so bad. I found out i was pregnant","Customer Support Associate","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 25, 2017","3.0"
"Stable Place to work"," this bank provided great work life balance and job security. They do not provide much as far as annual increases or bonuses. They are very flexible with many work from home opportunities.","Quality Analyst Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 25, 2017","3.0"
"Do Not do It","The recruiting is very misleading. Management is clueless. Only cares about production. Expectations of the job extremely out weighs the compensation.","Mortgage Consultant","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 25, 2017","2.0"
" this bank is like most banks","Post Wells Fargo, the retail bank senior management has made things more difficult. Too much Micromanaging from the top down. There is overkill in tracking behaviors and results.","AVP","Current Employee","Taylor, MI","May 24, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful","Started off great just that management lets their personal issues get in the way of running the branch properly. Can sometimes be unprofessional when dealing with hr and othet departments within this bank.","Bssa","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 24, 2017","1.0"
"Great staff","Working there, everyone made it easy to work with . Overall, I recommend this place to anyone who wants to work or continue to be a valued guest and customer,","Bank Teller","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","May 24, 2017","5.0"
"No real room for growth","It would be a better place to work if the culture encouraged growth within the company versus bringing in management from outside the company. Some position there are glass ceilings also.","Operations Senior Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 24, 2017","3.0"
"Bank Teller","Great company to work for. Excellent management. Banking just was not a part of my long-term career goals. Enjoyed working in banking and growing and learning with the company.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Trussville, AL","May 24, 2017","5.0"
"Good Companyy","Good job opportunity in retain banking. Gives you opportunities to work with clients face to face and no day is the same. Room for growth good. Friendly employees","Teller","Former Employee","Middletown, DE","May 24, 2017","3.0"
"Very nice co-worker","Ensure all daily banking transactions are completed. Recognized excellent performer consistently. over night being able to be off on Friday and Saturday","Operation Scanner","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 24, 2017","3.0"
"Drone work","i was not treated like a human being, my manager was a cardboard cutout. it was a nightmare i was hired to fill some bizarre quota which was ever changing, no feedback on work until, hey you aren't meeting the goals, there's the door. Sure it's a good place to work for if you aren't on the low levels. they roll their poo downhill","Records Associate Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 24, 2017","1.0"
"I would work there again"," this bank is a strong employer to work for. What you put into it, is what you will get out of it. Hard work is rewarded. Advancement is available to those who seek it.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 24, 2017","4.0"
"Could be better","I was working here during the transfer from bank N to this bank, it was stressful time for everyone. I imagine now that its been a couple of years things are better.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 24, 2017","2.0"
"Not a lot support from Management","Everything was very good until I was told I needed to travel over 50 miles one way to work after working there for 3 years, I could not travel that distance everyday so my position was eliminated. Not sure where the Manager was didn't see him in the office much, so there was not much support.","Loan Officer Assistant","Former Employee","Delray Beach, FL","May 24, 2017","2.0"
"Great company to work with"," this bank was such a learning experience! I was given the opportunity to experience team work as well as leadership, these are two traits that I will keep for the rest of my life!","Business Banking Account Manager","Former Employee","McLean, VA","May 23, 2017","5.0"
"Great company","Great company to work for. They provide a great work life balance and respect their employees. They provide the best environment for you to work and enjoy your career.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","United States","May 23, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work","I enjoyed the atmosphere, very team orientated. realistic goals. The pay was decent for the job. The training was very extensive and very thorough. It was faced paced and you were always busy so the time flew by.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 23, 2017","5.0"
"Amazing workplace","This was my first banking job and i have no complaints. this bank is staffed and managed to an exact point. I am proud to say that this was my beginning. Pave the path!","Teller","Current Employee","New Smyrna Beach, FL","May 23, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","Great place to start a career. There are a lot of opportunities and for the most part you only have to be in one position for 6 months before applying to others. Some of the departments are open 24 hours so you can find a shift that will work for you. Compensation is offered in most positions and they will accommodate all disabilities.","Support","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 23, 2017","3.0"
"Large Company","Family feel office, nice staff, advanced technology, benefits included, ever growing company, with growth potential, clean environment. pay is not competitive","Closer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 23, 2017","3.0"
"Hardknock life.","I did not have a good experience. But you might. Too much to balance. No help. It's find the answer on your own. Time between training is too long, managers don't manage. The hours are terrible daily but federal holidays off. Did not get along with 1 employee. Got offered paid leave but resigned right on the spot. Tue Turning employees into robots. Extremely low pay for the stuff you put up with.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2017","3.0"
"Care Center Role","Worked at this bank for 2 years, great place with plenty of upward mobility and opportunity. few issues with payroll once or twice aside great company that offers flexible options","Multi-Channel Customer Care Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 23, 2017","3.0"
"it is a work place culture","work place culture and most enjoyable part of the job.In addition, I've the experience of developing security policies, procedures, security baselines and work with various teams to enforce the security standards by incorporating them in the SDLC process.","Architect","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2017","5.0"
"They are tripped up in nobody owns anything","They are bogged down with too many committees and owners of everything to the point that noone can make a decision and they get stuck in analysis paralysis. However, all the leaders tell everyone about the progress they are making but it is all vapor ware. The head of tech and ops is the key to this mess and until he leaves this will not change. If he doesn't like someone's opinion he removes them. Have seen several great leaders get pushed aside because they spoke their mind.","Program Management Executive","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2017","3.0"
"Family type culture!!"," this bank has the right focus at heart - the customer and the employee! There is a collaborative team culture and a pride in the job that is exceptional. There is a clear focus on improving the experience and doing that as a team across many lines of businesses. One does not succeed on their own at this bank, they succeed as a team.","Customer Experience Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 22, 2017","5.0"
"Fun place to work, Work and life balance","Enjoyed working for the company overall. Company takes care of their employees. Excellent balance for work and family life. Incentives, bonuses, raises.","Banking Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Upper Arlington, OH","May 22, 2017","4.0"
"Overall nice place to work","The pay was nice, they did suprise bonuses for employees and we had a pension. this bank as a company is a great place to work. Banking in general can be very competitive and catty so it just depends on who you work with. Some managers that are still there, are great.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","May 22, 2017","4.0"
"very productive, organized workplace","I enjoyed working for this bank, they took care of their employees. i loved working with customers and felt good in helping them reach their financial goals","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","North Haledon, NJ","May 22, 2017","4.0"
"Decent place to work","Decent place to work. Salary lower than other comparable jobs in the area. Good benefits. Emphasis on work/life balance. Culture is more about sales and less about customer satisfaction","Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 22, 2017","3.0"
"Bad place to work","Lack of management. Do not encourage employees to seek improvement. Do not take into consideration your efforts. 100% punctuality, Did overtime whenever requested, but a mistake and you are fired!. Be careful!","Bilingual Customer Care Associate","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","May 21, 2017","1.0"
"Was a good company to work for"," this bank was a good company to work for. I left at a time when there was much transition going on. I was the 11th of 13 underwriters that left in a 4 month time period. Had I known what was in store for me with the new company that I went to, I would never have left this bank. I was initially hired as part-time 20 hours per week. I ended up working over 40 hours but never received that added benefits of full-time and when I inquired, I was told I would have to stay part-time as there was no availability of full-time.","Senior Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 21, 2017","4.0"
"Great Culture and Balance of Work/Life"," this bank has developed a great culture of balancing work and personal home life. this bank is striving to be the leader of technology and financial services and is evolving rapidly. One must be ready to acclimate to an evolving environment and effectively lead the changes with their respective teams.","VP","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 21, 2017","4.0"
"Work Life Balance"," this bank is a great company. However, I came from the branches to the call center and the atmosphere was totally different. Advancement can be difficult. B","Senior Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 21, 2017","3.0"
"A Lot of give and Take","While working at this bank I have learned a lot about business and how it can mess with your life. Recently a whole department had been transferred from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh. The training that was involved in this move was absolutely zero. It was kind of non existent and the management expects that everything needs to be done with precision and expertise. Its an absolute joke how they treat their employees.","Acounting Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work","I was sad when my position was eliminated as a result of the bank's acquisition of bank N Bank. this bank was very team oriented and I was honored with the opportunity to serve as on the development board for one of it's key products, Virtual Wallet.","Senior Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2017","5.0"
"not so fun place","It was fun at first getting into a new field but clientele is very difficult to deal with a lot of fraud is attempted at this location and it all falls on you. You go home dreading to come back scared of messing up. there is a lot of pressure. half the people that have started there from when i was last there are gone or fired.","Teller","Former Employee","Cicero, IL","May 20, 2017","1.0"
"Hardworking, Fun with Opportunity!","Depending on the department and what you may like this bank is a great place to have a career start with plenty of opportunity to learn and grow. I was in customer service. The management wasn't the best nor the worst. The new manager of the entire building wasn't nice at all and if you didn't want to get to know more about her and how to be like her then she didn't treat you too well. You know 'suck up'! If you can make some work friends this particular department will go by fast in a large cubical setting.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2017","4.0"
"Most stressful job i have ever had","Manager shows favoritism to other employees. Lots of stress for sales, appointments and referrels. No encouragement . Co workers tell the manager about anything i have questions about that i should 'know by now'. So manager brings it up to me during meetings and is trying to make me quit. Hostile work environment.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Mi","May 19, 2017","2.0"
"Job","This role required me to be on the phones eight to ten hours a day, Back to back calling clients and customers. This was a very high paced job that required me to be on target at all times.","Vendor Enrollment Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 19, 2017","5.0"
"miss my this bank family","loved working at this bank only because of my coworkers . Very low pay with a lot of responsibility . Wouldn't promote to full time but would have me working 39.5 hours weekly .","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Hillsborough, NJ","May 18, 2017","3.0"
"n/a","comparable to other companies in the industry. Nice company and they will help you grow. location depends on your manager. if you get a great that's aw some","Teller","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 18, 2017","3.0"
"culture","Micro managing metric environment which is great if your in a role that requires it. This blanket agenda doesn't cater to jobs that are not metric (widget) based.","Late Stage Support Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 18, 2017","3.0"
"Gaining market share in the south. Trustworthy employees","Work life balance. Appropriate training to do things right the first time. Strive to bridge the gap between customers and employees in delivering exceptional service.","Teller Manager","Current Employee","Jonesboro, GA","May 17, 2017","4.0"
"wonderful enviornment to work in along with suitable resources for good job performance","a good work enviornment with great tools and resources to help perform at peak abilities.also one if the best corporations when it comes to treatment and professionalism for customers.","Core consultant","Former Employee","columbus ohio","May 17, 2017","4.0"
"Respectable Bank and Customer Focused","Good company to work for to learn and grow but difficulties in compensation are not high and bonuses are challenging to achieve. Great bank to develop corporate bank skills, Respectable in the eyes of the financial industry","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Rockaway, NJ","May 17, 2017","3.0"
"High volume high pressure cube farm.","Inflexible and at times hostile management made work in this highly regulated and high volume environment unnecessarily oppressive. High turnover of personnel seems related to low starting salaries for overqualified new hires.","Trust Advisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 17, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work","If you enjoy a fast pace company, this bank is great. Wealth Management is a fun channel to work in. There have been many changes to the client service delivery models in last 5 years with aggressive growth goals as an organization.","Senior Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Troy, MI","May 16, 2017","4.0"
"Ask for as much upfront as you can","Once you are hired in you will not get very good raises at all. The benefits are ok and the time off is good but for the most part the advancement doesn't exist. If you're working in the bank for years someone can come in with no experience and make more than you do.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 16, 2017","3.0"
"Great Company","Great Company to work for. Health benefits are not the greatest due to being all high deductible. The security of the banks and our personal lives is something that they ensure for your well-being.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indiana","May 16, 2017","4.0"
"productive","A great work environment. Family oriented and everyone was very helpful. A great establishment. Many are willing to assist and help whenever needed. Easy to adjust to the work environment.","Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 16, 2017","4.0"
"Overall good company","Overall good company. Great managers and employee culture. Make it easy to find the best loan program for each unique situation. Compensation could be better.","Originator","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 16, 2017","4.0"
"Great Culture","Outstanding work environment, very pro-active, within Diversity and Inclusion. Great potential for growth within the company. Family atmosphere, very supportive staff.","Talent Acquisition Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 15, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work","A typical work day is to enter in numbers for each location. I learned how to key faster and use time wisely. Management was great at their job. My co-workers were great to be around.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC 27804","May 15, 2017","5.0"
"Changes will come every day","Each time new management came in, they were going to fix what was wrong with this bank. Management never took the advice of the employees that were there before them.","Fiduciary Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 15, 2017","3.0"
"Laid back environment and friendly people"," this bank offered me to become one of the best employees I could be. I was able to obtain my NMLS ID as well as become a notary. Working for this bank was one of the best work experiences I have had.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Brookfield, WI","May 14, 2017","4.0"
"Stressful Environment","This was one of the most stressful places that I have ever worked. Corporate was very demanding and expected you to sell to every person that walked through the door. They pushed all the low income customers out the door and didn't want to even deal with them. It was a very sad place to work.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","May 12, 2017","1.0"
"Good Company"," this bank offers great training initially and ongoing. You can learn a lot about banking and customer service and helps you to further your career if you desire. There are many locations in the NJ area.","Customer Service Supervisor","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","May 12, 2017","4.0"
"Good company overall, but lots of room for improvement","Typical day to day includes assisting customer with a variety of banking needs and issues. Management (based off of location) is helpful to a point, but often is unavailable for assistance. Every day is different which is exciting but can also cause unneeded stress like most customer service related positions can be. Workplace culture is best described as 'every man for themselves' most days. A few colleagues will band together, but there is a lot of disconnect between management and employees. The most enjoyable part of my day is definitely helping clients reach their financial goals. Nothing makes me more excited to walk in the front door, than knowing I can help someone get out of debt, or buy a new house for their family. It is very rewarding during those times of the day.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 12, 2017","3.0"
"gave me the cash handling experience i needed","working in a bank can be fast or slow paced or both all in one day i enjoyed meeting all types of different people and learning about wire transfers and different laws dealing with cash handling","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","May 12, 2017","3.0"
"Perfect for those that aren't picky about hours","It's a really good place to work, if the schedule will work for you. The pay and benefits are great!!! Working every weekend is the only part that is not ideal.","operations associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 12, 2017","2.0"
"nice place to work","the hours are ok and the pay is ok. The environment can be fast paced and the hours can be long. The people are nice and the locations are good. The benefits are good.","Investment Accounting Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 12, 2017","5.0"
"Not as Good as expected","More fun activities should be there. There should be more team interactions. Work environment should be a bit spacious not congested. People needs seats to sit rather then putting them in corner places along the walls. Managers getting the major room portions with separate cabin. Consider all employees as humans.","Quality Assurance Specialist","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","May 12, 2017","3.0"
"Very productive business bad management staff","The mortgage portion is very good and very productive. The management needs work. Human resources needs to be more involved. An exit interview needs to be added so the CEO will have knowledge of why employee's chose to leave the company.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","miamisburg,ohio","May 11, 2017","2.0"
"Good Job to work for and all the employees are nice..","I really loved my job... Love working with my team and learning new things all the time.. Best of all loved my Clients and meeting there banking needs... If I had to I went above and beyond to meet there banking needs..","Teller Banking REP 1","Former Employee","Manasquan, NJ","May 11, 2017","5.0"
"Good place to work but don't expect compensation","The employees are great, the work is doable, no major problems but no room for advancement no matter what you know. No raises comfortable to your knowledge, really very little raise at all if any.","Operations Specialist II","Former Employee","Riverdale, GA","May 11, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful","Where I am working, it's very stressful and on top of that, management isn't as helpful and we are always short-staffed. I've been belittled as if I'm not doing my job correctly which I am. I just wish management would work with me and my supervisor knew how to lead without yelling.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","May 11, 2017","3.0"
"Low key not a great place to work","Poor management. Poor opportunity for advancement . Very risk averse in business and culture. Did not value diversity in opinions. Lots of departments lack adequate talent","Investment Advisor","Former Employee","Troy, MI","May 11, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to work overall","While I am at this bank it is teaching me the value of people. I service all ethics and many different cultures. The Branch I work at is a steady pace but always busy on the 1st and 3rd. The Pay could be more for the work we do but the benefits help balance that out. I learned to identify false checks, suspicious deposits, and robbery patterns. Our branch was one of few that passed the yearly audit, which I was proud. I had the chance to do teller work as well, but mostly I was a banker","Banker","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","May 11, 2017","1.0"
"i like my branch but do not care for the company as a whole","I have always been a hard worker, so working Is not an issue for me. but it becomes one when I am doing a ton load of work and not being compensated for it. I currently run all ATMS in my branch by myself because no one else is trained to do so. I should only be responsible for one. I also have clearance to do supervisor duties and task but I'm only a titled as a teller and receive teller pay. I even applied for the job and was denied it, even though I am currently 'doing' the job now and has been for the past month. there has been other people here for many years and they said it has been years since the even got a raise in pay. and there are many days we don't even get a lunch because of staffing issues. my branch manager is awesome though and the only reason why this bank got this much of my time","Teller","Current Employee","Ohio","May 11, 2017","2.0"
"Decent place to work....","Nice people to work with. I enjoyed the customer interactions. The training outside of the branch was great but the on-the-job training was non-existent. I wasn't put in a position to succeed. Money wasn't bad, but it was very stressful being put into situations where you didn't know what to do and I couldn't go to anyone in the branch for help. Their answer was for me to use the company intranet or to call branch support. Not conducive for success. At least not for me.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","South Carolina","May 10, 2017","2.0"
"Bank Teller","Personal and Business deposits, Check cashing, preparing documents, selling, savings bonds, security boxes, Customer service. Maintaining and setting up accounts.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Freeland, PA","May 10, 2017","3.0"
"It was a fun job, before the Better Way","When I started at this bank, we had no computers, no spreadsheets of performance, and no problems. It was a very fun, exciting place to work. Every night, I watched people who wanted to get the work done. Get it in, get it processed, and get it out again. There was a real teamwork effort to everything. Then the Better Way came. And when I was let go, I was happy for it. My heart goes out to those who still draw a paycheck under that system.","Batch Data Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 10, 2017","1.0"
"a company growing faster than they can support or understand","technical infrastructure is hard to work with. Work support depends on who is available to you. Support is not always available. management structure is confusing.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","central NJ","May 10, 2017","3.0"
"Working for this bank","As I thrived for excellence and advancement, I ran into the obstacles of my first few weeks of physical training to be nonconstructive and passive at times. As I asked questions, gave my time to learn and be attentive I was more so rather ignored, undervalued and not trained to the best of my potential. this bank offers great benefits and I sacrifice my learning attributes. The company has much to offer but as I started from the ground up my foundation was not at all of that, that this bank I believe truly had to offer all around.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Sylvania, OH","May 10, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank really is a great place to work. Though the compensation is not as high as other banks, there are many benefits and rewards that make up for it, including bonus money. It does seem hard to move into management positions from within the company, as I've seen less qualified individuals get jobs that I have applied for with little or no business or management experience.","SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Canton, OH","May 10, 2017","5.0"
"Management","Management for this bank was very lacking. They didn't know how to do their own job and tried to teach you how to do your own. And if you messed up doing your own job, they didn't assist you to fix it they just used it as a way to fire you, instead of a teaching point.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","May 10, 2017","1.0"
"The Best Company I have ever worked for","I loved my job at this bank. They really invest in the growth and development of their managers. this bank offers quite a bit of continuous training at every level.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 10, 2017","5.0"
"Good place to work","I have been employed with this bank for over 12years. I like working for this bank because they have great benefits. I love the fact that they focus on diversity. They also have good job security.","Late Stage Specialist III","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 10, 2017","4.0"
"Good company!","Good company to get your career started! I started as a teller and noticed many opportunities to advance your career! however, the compensation is below industry standard.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Warren, MI","May 10, 2017","3.0"
"n/a","The company itself was great. The training was very well planned and thought out. The branch manager usually wanted us to skip lunch and stay late to help the customers. So it was very hard to balance hard.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 9, 2017","5.0"
"Great learning experience.","Exposed to every aspect of the banking industry. Able to move into different roles very often which is encouraged by all aspects of management. Work life balance is great.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 9, 2017","5.0"
"Great Training","For the most part this bank has been a great place of employment. The regional leadership is great and they make sure to give you quality training during your time as an employee. They ensure that their employees are well versed in the things the company stands for.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","May 8, 2017","4.0"
"Great Pay and Environment","Many opportunities for advancement. Great company to work for with many benefits and amazing core values. this bank is not only concerned with customer satisfaction but also employee satisfaction.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, pa","May 8, 2017","5.0"
"Decent","Okay company to work for. The branch I'm located at is typically busy. There is some unfair treatment and I do not receive benefits as I am still a part time employee, however that changes after a year of employment. The atmosphere at my branch is fun and energetic. I love the people I work with, however, management could step it up.","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 7, 2017","4.0"
"Well Balanced Company","This is a technology driven company and maintains a well balance between professional and personal life. I have learned a lot of latest technology. Management is very employee friendly","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 7, 2017","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work great job environment !","The most enjoyable part of working at this bank is the people. I love my colleagues and management. I like the fact the my knowledge was challenged and grew. Hardest part of the job was the fact that the operations department was located back in Chicago, and time difference would sometimes be challenging.","LOA","Current Employee","San Diego, CA","May 7, 2017","5.0"
"Government Reporting was interesting and learning how everyday banking worked.","My job was to revue a days worth of branch transactions that were over $10,000 in cash from an individual or a business. I had a deadline with the IRS in reporting CTRs (Currency Transaction Reports) These reports had to be correct before sending off to the IRS. I had a week to review 1,000 to 2,500 CTRs to be sent off to the IRS. We also had to Quality Review each others work before submitting it to the IRS. This was a very detail oriented job, everything had to be correct before sending the work to the IRS.","Government reporting","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 7, 2017","5.0"
"stressful place to work","Poor Management, Bad Reputation among Realtors and customers, No back up, No training, stressful atmosphere. This review is for the mortgage side not the bank side.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","May 7, 2017","1.0"
"Not much job security","Very much a fear driven culture. Aggressive sales targets and people are let go frequently. High turnover. Lack of training and poor technology. Management overall was short-sighted. Compromised long-term strategy for short-term goals even when they were unsustainable.","Investment Associate","Current Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","May 6, 2017","2.0"
"Not a very good place to work","I wouldn't recommond to work there. I left after 9 years of service. this bank does not care about their retail employees. They will make you feel like a number. Not job security, not trust.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 6, 2017","1.0"
"Help customers","Process all new account transactions. Cross-sell the Bank's products and services. Process all new account transactions. Assist customers in their selection of various accounts and Manage accounts","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Elgin, IL","May 5, 2017","2.0"
"Fun place to work","Great work culture and good learning of Agile implementation. Very helpful team members and highly motivated team of developers and testers. Fun working.","Technical Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2017","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work. Pay isn't the greatest but it is a pretty relaxed atmosphere. Great work life balance. Outbound calling is kind of a drag but it has to be done.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Sheffield Village, OH","May 4, 2017","4.0"
"Fun place to work","Good place to work - requires a lot of outbound cold calls to customers, very sales driven atmosphere - focus is on customer service, lots of training provided but little on the job","Service Associate","Current Employee","Winchester, KY","May 4, 2017","3.0"
"productie","Every aspect works with each other. The company benefits show that the company cares. It works to give a work life balance and with a family that is the most important to me.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 4, 2017","4.0"
"Love working for this bank","The work environment is great, I love they staff I work with. It; can be a bit stressful at times, because it is a demanding job when you're dealing with a persons money. All in all I would say this is one of the best jobs I've had","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","May 4, 2017","5.0"
"great learning experience for life in general especially when thinking of buying a home","good place to work and learn from others in the financial world. friendly staff and great manager that I learned to apply skills outside of work. lots of interactions so you get to sharpen your conversation skills","Financial Representative","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","May 4, 2017","3.0"
"Great company great culture","Great Company, great culture, good work life balance, opportunities for advancement, strong leadership, fair compensation, good benefits, highly recommend","Associate Asset Liability Management","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 4, 2017","5.0"
"More interested in customers than employees","When will they learn that the best way to get your employees to give exceptional customer service is to treat your employees the way you want them to treat the customersThey give surveys that they coach the employees on how to answer so that the results turn out good but leave you wondering just how reliable the results are. There is so much turnover that people who should not be in management are moved into management positions - it's not just the lack of management experience but the overall lack of leadership People were walked out for reasons that were never explained leaving you to wonder if you were doing something wrong and not aware of it and if you were going to be next My observation was that people were often singled out as if they were looking for a way to get rid of them by giving them extra tasks to complete that were not required of others in that position; basically making their life so miserable that they would look for another job.","Sales","Former Employee","Southeast","May 3, 2017","1.0"
"N/a","Too many micro retail managers who do not fit business culture. Need more investment in NC/SC-NC is top 5 fastest growing state economy. Treasury Mgt should not be a line to Business Banking","Vice President - Treasury Management Officer","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 3, 2017","4.0"
"Great learning experience","I began my career with Bank of Delaware that was later merged with this bank. I enjoy the opportunity to work for a larger company that offered a variety of employment opportunities.","Consumer Lending Assistant Analyst","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE 19801","May 3, 2017","4.0"
"Great Experience","At this bank there was never a moment where I felt unimportant. Everyone around you is willing to help to achieve your goals. There is also a great laid back environment.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 3, 2017","5.0"
"All over the place. Not organized with clients and unfortunately all the managers work was handed off to specialists.","I would never recommend work from this company to any of my associates. Unfortunately, the employees are mainly mistreated and handed a whole work load down from the managers to get work done. Some branches do not even have a qualified financial manager.","Financial Specialist - BSSA II","Former Employee","Manasquan, NJ","May 3, 2017","2.0"
"I enjoyed working here","This job was a great place to work with advancement if you are willing to do so. I learned many things from this place of employment and I am thankful to all co workers who were like family.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Lincoln Park, MI","May 3, 2017","5.0"
"Love it"," this bank is by far the best place I have ever worked. The customer are wonderful and the employees are friendly, courteous and very helpful. If you like to advance and go further into a career, I would say go to this bank.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Garfield Heights, OH","May 2, 2017","5.0"
"Annuity Processor","Typical day processing incoming documents scanned in to system. Answering questions on phones from field representatives. Management is decent to work with. Great place to work.","Annuity Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 2, 2017","5.0"
"Not employee friendly","Big Bank,high turnover equals Big profits, and a negative impact on the communities it serves/ruins. Commenting on this or any other company may be required, but is useless toward making them accountable. They will continue on as 'business as usual'","Registered Financial Consumer Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 1, 2017","1.0"
"Cheap","You can't get out of retail. They want to keep you there. Can't advance and they pay sub par. Trying to actively get out. Micromanagement. There was a lack of leadership in their mass affluent program.","Licensed Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 1, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work keeping up with security","The company has had many changes, and it is trying to re-invent itself for the cloud. Any employee needs to position themselves wisely to survive the changes.","DEVOPS ENGINEER","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 1, 2017","5.0"
"Work at home","Once I advanced to work at home, this completely changed my work / life balance. I am very grateful to have had this opportunity however I believe the pay could be higher based on the multitude of chats handled at one time along with bonus for the upgrades completed / stats maintained.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Work at Home","April 30, 2017","4.0"
"bank teller","I actually enjoyed this job.The work is demanding and requires a lot of minute detail which I enjoyed. Having to sale credit cards and accounts isn't fun for me. Also under paid for the amount of work you do daily.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 30, 2017","1.0"
"Very relaxed atmosphere in a small office. Love my coworkers, always helping one another","I really liked working there because it was very laid back, Work with a great MLO and enjoyed every day. Always learned something new every day. Very understanding between work and family balance. No time card punching because they trusted you, as long as you did your work you could come in early and leave early.","Mortgage Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Dublin, OH","April 30, 2017","4.0"
"Technology Leader","Leader in technology and driven to be the best bank in the area, despite presence in the state of Wisconsin. Always willing to work with the customer.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","West Bend, WI","April 29, 2017","5.0"
"Sales","My work day consist of assisting customers with all financial needs, from simple deposits to applying for loans. It also includes following regulations and being very independent. I enjoyed working with customers and helping them better their financial situations. The environment was welcoming and the most enjoyable part of the job was always learning something new. In the world of banking your job doesn't just teach you the details of how to accomplish banking needs but develops your way of thinking. You are constantly problem solving and working on building your character. The hardest part of my job was being under-staffed.","Financial Consultant","Universal Banker","Holland, MI","April 29, 2017","3.0"
"Horrible Company to work for","People are great- However compensation is horrible. Cannot balance work and personal life. Black out days for vacation. Unrealistic sales goals. Not the ideal place to work. Ver temporary position.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 29, 2017","2.0"
"Workplace Culture","The culture is the most enjoyable part of the job. Everyone is willing to coach or help you on progressing in the company. this bank's workplace culture is the best.","Multi-Channel Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 28, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and fun","*Assisting customers to become more financially stable. *How to be financially stable myself. *Excellent management team. *Workplace culture was amazing. *Getting cursed out was hard. *Hearing the joy and laughter in customers voices was enjoyable","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 27, 2017","4.0"
"just to make money","management sucks and employees there are childish and very picky ... pay is very low part time workers does not get benefits ..workers are childish just like management","Operation Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 27, 2017","2.0"
"Good place to work.","Great workplace culture with diverse professionals. Very good balance between home and work allowing for suitable environment for working parents. Employees were friendly yet professional.","Analyst","Former Employee","PA","April 27, 2017","4.0"
"great workplace","fast paced and fun always learning new functions, continued learning process. I have learned a lot about banking in my time here. They care about the employees.","Commercial Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 27, 2017","4.0"
"Great company to work for","Worked with great people who took pride in their work and professional conduct. Enjoyed getting to know the customers and being able to help them. this bank did a great job boosting moral and acknowledging hard work and successes. Benefits are also very good.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Warren, PA","April 27, 2017","5.0"
"High Turnover","Due to high turnover and an inability to hire enough qualified employees to accomplish the workload, it makes for a stressful atmosphere to work in. It is a good company overall, just poorly managed at the mid to low levels.","Senior Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 26, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and relaxed environment","Fast-paced, call center with high call volume. I learned the software used while the management is friendly and welcoming. The culture is relaxed and family-oriented.","Multi-Channel Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 26, 2017","4.0"
"I love this bank","I Loved the interaction I had with my customers on a day to day. My co-workers and managers always made the day much more fun. The managers always appreciated your time and effort that you put in to the company. The only thing that I did not like was the pay. The pay did not match the work and made it very hard to make ends meet. Other than the pay I loved working for this bank they are and will forever be family.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, PA 15301","April 25, 2017","5.0"
"Neutral","I can not review this company at this moment as I still hold a position at this institution. My review is neutral and experience depends on different factors.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Lodi, NJ","April 24, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and challenging work environment with friendly people","Working as a personal banker and Accountant assistant with 5 years of experience learnt a lot new accounting techniques and dealt with lots of new faces in challenging work environment.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","April 24, 2017","3.0"
"Pay Plan is the worst","Quarterly Pay plan is terrible, it's paid 45 days after the end of quarter and if you are not employed at that time you lose the whole payout. It seems like they try their hardest not to pay it out.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Clarkston, MI","April 24, 2017","1.0"
"Great Company but Regionals suck","Great Company but Regional was very weak when it comes to Team management and motivation. Overall the company was great. Loved the CEO and Upper Management overall. I believe message comes wrong when it comes to Regional managers Regionals need to grow within the this bank not from WELLS or other cultures...","Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 24, 2017","3.0"
"Good work environment","Good place to work. Fast based culture and good people all around. Stressful environment at peek intervals and there is complexity here. However, management is very engaged in what is going on and support.","Unit Manager","Current Employee","Pit","April 24, 2017","4.0"
"Nice growth opportunity","The job is not my dream job, and I originally started working there out of high school part time to just get through life. Now, 6 years later I've been promoted a few times, gotten a lot of awesome life experience, and all around I've had a great time working there. Like i said, this wasn't my career goal, but the connections I've made, and the things I've learned are great.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 24, 2017","5.0"
"Room to grow. Low pay. Micromanaged.","Very low pay for the work that you do. Duties and responsibilities change everyday. Too much paperwork. Personnel changed constantly so you always felt short handed.","Teller Lead - Gahanna Branch (Universal)","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 23, 2017","3.0"
"Ok","NICE manganment. Nice offices. Good compensation. Good personel. There are areas of oppurtunity. The branch needs to be given a little more power to make decisions.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Lithonia, GA","April 23, 2017","4.0"
"Depends on the People","The company is pretty great, when I first started working at this bank I enjoyed it very much. As time went on we got new people and it became similar to high school.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Avon, IN","April 22, 2017","4.0"
"Poor Working Environment","There is such a high turnover rate that nobody knows what they are doing. If you are a newer employee and have a question and asked multiple people you will get a different answer from each person. Branch reps call in constantly because they get very little training and they don't know what they are doing. Customers are constantly angry because they get incorrect information from employees. The management is extremely poor. The coaches and mentors are even worse. This experience not only has me looking for a new job, but will also have me looking for a new bank.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 21, 2017","1.0"
"Friendly environment","Very Friendly environment and Professional co-workers. I enjoyed working with them.Also every body was very helpful. If anybody asking for any help, somebody step in right-way.","Quality Assurance Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 20, 2017","5.0"
"Overall great place"," this bank pays well but closes a lot of branches so good people lose jobs. Overall I think this company was a great place to work. The advancements were available if you want to drive great distance.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Lewiston, MI","April 20, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I enjoy working at this bank. I have worked with a large variety of people at all levels and have gained a ton of knowledge. this bank is big on community and that makes working there enjoyable.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 20, 2017","5.0"
"Great work enviornment","Learned a lot, got along with the team and got the job done. Was able to work from home permanently and it was productive. We had our meetings over the phone.","QA Lead","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 20, 2017","5.0"
"Good place to work and good people to work with.","I enjoyed working at this bank. Worked with a lot of good people. Unfortunately I was only a contractor and my contract ended. I wish that I could have been hired on as a full time employee. I know I would have stayed with them for as long as possible.","Genesis 10 Contractor","Former Employee","Lenexa, KS","April 20, 2017","4.0"
"Great company!","I have been employed by this bank for 2 years and like any company, we have transitions; no company is perfect and all transitions are not horrible. Honestly, it's up to the individual employee to determine if they will have a great day. If someone finds it difficult to see the good in any situation, they will not be satisfied anywhere they work In general, this bank has been good to me because I have been good to them. Although I have a lot going on in my life, I still manage to come to work with a positive attitudes. You get back what you give and if you are willing to give your best, others will see you shine and great things will happen for you and those who shine with you. this bank may not be for everyone, but I am doing the most with what I have with this bank and when it's time to transition to something new, I will still be proud to tell anyone that I've worked for this bank.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 19, 2017","5.0"
"Productive, fun pace to work.","The workplace culture is very calm and enjoyable. Coworkers are willing to help you along the way. Questions forwarded to the management team are answered in a timely manner.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 19, 2017","5.0"
"Do not like long term employees","Once this bank took over bank N in November 2009 and me being a long term top performing manager for 18 years calling off work only 6 days in my life, I met with my new manager for the second time. He let me go because he felt that I lacked management skills.","Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 19, 2017","1.0"
"Great !","I loved my time with this bank! The people you work with everyday are great. The company is different and cares about the employees and customers. If I wouldn't have moved would stl be there.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Auburn, IN","April 18, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place to work","I enjoyed working for this bank Mortgage. Had great management, team environment, and I felt they were very understanding of work and family life balance. Can be stressful sometimes, but overall, great place to work.","Liaison","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 18, 2017","4.0"
"A workplace to be proud of as an employee","A diverse workforce that employees feel valued, respected and proud of the work that is achieved daily. The company creates an environment of teamwork, integrity and quality of life. Great employee benefit packages for employees and great quately incentive plans.","Vice President","Former Employee","Beltsville, MD","April 18, 2017","4.0"
"Childish environment","This company has so much potential and where 1 manager wants to care for all, 5 want to create and foster an environment of immaturity The whole universal model theyve implemented in branches in which a personal banker does the job of a teller and a sales agent as well as an assistant manager yet only gets paid for one of the titles, is the most unsafe model EVER. in the span of a few months a few branches (INCLUDING where I worked at before transferring) were robbed at gun point I am on my way out and wouldnt recommend working at any branch that has this universal model but overall i think the company means well and its just filled with too many people who care very little about others and just want to do whatever they can to be liked by the higer ups.","Service Associate I","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 18, 2017","3.0"
"Terrific commercial bank","I am grateful I began my career at this bank. I worked with terrific mentors and developed a deep understanding of financial markets. The culture is very team oriented.","Commercial Credit Advisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 18, 2017","5.0"
"Fun Workplace","Great place to work the atmosphere was good as well as the co-workers. Management really helped out with any questions. The rewards program is awesome.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 17, 2017","4.0"
"Great company","It was a great place to work with co-workers and a manager (and actually other managers as well) there to give you support. The training was not as good as it should have been and on-the-job-training was hard to do with everyone with a client and not having someone to help you. That slowed me down a bit. My branch was Universal, meaning you worked all aspects of banking. Teller, platform, and lobby. Great concept, but hard to do in reality. However, those that can be persistent and can close sales, you will make a boatload of money. I loved helping customers. I didn't like trying to sell to customers unless I knew it would help them out. Banks are a business and I hate I couldn't be that person they wanted me to be, but they supported me and gave me all sorts of help in trying to make me a better banker. I have no one to blame but myself. Geat company with good pay and benefits and time off. I would never have left if I could have succeeded the way they (and I) wanted me to.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Greenville, DE","April 17, 2017","5.0"
"Not Dependable Place to Work","Management conducted an unorganized projects. During the project was changes was not planned. In the middle of the project they laid off staff during the Holidays.","Infrastructure Project Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 17, 2017","1.0"
"no good","I think that a few this bank's are great and wonderful to work at but others are awful huge turn over rate and never enough staff to work at the other branchs we were always going from one location to another. never a steady routine","teller","Former Employee","Pike Creek, DE","April 16, 2017","1.0"
"Great company but work environment is not good.","The company is a great company. They embrace diversity. However, depending on the Branch, the management and employees can be very challenging. The environment can be full of gossip, back biting and judgement. It's too bad because the company is a really good one.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","April 14, 2017","3.0"
"Good Company"," this bank has been a great company to work for and is constantly changing to adapt to the new style of workforce. Work from Home options are beginning to take place more frequently.","Continuous Improvement Engineer","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","April 13, 2017","4.0"
"No pay raises","They change your entire job. no chance for advancement. lack of communication. Decision makers have no idea what job you do. constant threats of discipline for mistakes","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 13, 2017","2.0"
"They gave me a chance to prove myself.","This is a good bank with decent products. I was able to move up from a teller to a branch banker position within 1 year. this bank is a very conservative bank. That being said, you never have to worry about a customer service scandal ripping your customer base away from you.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Northern VA","April 13, 2017","4.0"
"Great benefits, not so great managers","Culture is very typical chain down management but the benefits are great. Vacation and pay are good but the people at the bottom are not always treated the same as 'higher up' positions are.","Management Trainee","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","April 13, 2017","4.0"
"Benefits are good. Free Parking at our loction. Flexible work schedule. Distance from home and work are nice."," this bank as a whole is a nice company to work. Benefits 401K, paid sick days, paid vacation days and holidays, HSA, and education benefits. Management needs training on how to respect and treat their co-workers who are not their peers.","Commercial Transaction Coordinator","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 12, 2017","3.0"
"Professionally yet detached","I liked this bank - I didn't see much chance for advancement and they offered little benefits. There was test office moral, however, little understanding during pregnancy as far as morning sickness, etc.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Team orieneted, hard work but paid off","I enjoyed working for the company. I started off with a great manager that was willing to always help when needed. Then ended my employment due to the new manager being too involved in personal life as opposed to his employees hitting numbers","Loss Mitigation Negotiator III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"friendly"," this bank is a very easy company to work for. the environment is very friendly and fast paced. If you love helping people with their finances this bank is the place for you!","Teller","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Hostile Work Environment"," this bank's management in my particular branch was incredibly mediocre and created a hostile work environment. Though I did my best to learn the skills necessary to be successful, it seemed as if my manager wanted me to fail.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Eldersburg, MD","April 11, 2017","1.0"
"Large organization with opportunity for advancement. Pay is not that great.","Working for this bank gives you a lot of opportunity for internal advancement and helps you diversify your skills and experience. Also, they have offices in several states so you can move around the country within the job.","Senior Associate - Retention Group","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Management","The management is supposed to be there to help their employees but at this bank they only help themselves and no one else. You are supposed to feel like you have a best friend while working there but all you get are back stabbers.","Teller","Former Employee","Sellersburg, IN","April 11, 2017","1.0"
"Head Teller","Working at this bank is just like working at any other commercial financial institution; fast, high energy, interacting with customers, making referrals and knowing the company's products and service seeing that the teller is basically the face of the business.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Boynton Beach, FL","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Best Place To Work","This was the best job I ever had, the only problem I had was that our compensation was extremely low for what we were doing. Their safety procedures were great","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 10, 2017","5.0"
"Solid company, positioned well in the industry","Overall a nice place to work. A leader in the industry. Would recommend as a place to work. Seasoned management willing to adapt to changes in the industry.","Strategic Sourcing Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2017","4.0"
"Every now and than new challenges","It was fast paced job and learned how to deal with different kind of people and their needs. Management was very flexible but also kept us on our toes by giving different challenges. Overall it was fun place to work.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 10, 2017","3.0"
"structured and routine","I started as a teller for this bank and with this company i grew as much as i could until i had to move. I loved the customer interactions and all that i learned with this company.","Business Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2017","5.0"
"Productive fun work place","I love my work place it's really nice good place to work. Management is good they give opportunity to people by looking your performance. Love my supervisor","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","April 10, 2017","5.0"
"production oriented","all about the numbers not a caring workplace. does not offer incentives or discounts of any type, just work your 8 hours and go home more like robots not people","Operations Analyat 1","Former Employee","NC","April 9, 2017","3.0"
"Productive Fun Work Place","Learned a lot about banking. It was a great experience; however, for all the money Sales and Service Reps bring to the company through sales; the pay was too low; there was no where to go within the company if you worked in store; and a terrible work life balance; you work just about every weekend. The hardest part of the job is that you were required to sell a certain amount of products that a lot of customers did not see the value. This would be great experience for someone straight out of high school.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Maryland","April 8, 2017","3.0"
"Great Company","Great place to work, room for growth and building your career. Lots of perks for employees, from free accounts to discounts on loans and education reimbursement.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","PA","April 8, 2017","5.0"
"management","Good company to work for to start off, the pay is good and there are several incentives but management is very unprofessional they lack good communication in several areas.","customer service consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","April 8, 2017","3.0"
"Management by Chaos"," this bank Mortgage had an unusually top bottom way of managing...very prone to elitism and favoritism. The atmosphere was not conducive to enjoying work and everyone seemed to feel they were at risk of job loss.","Technical Writer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 8, 2017","2.0"
"Transitional Issues","Compensation/Benefits is poor. Advancement opportunity is there but Compensation does not follow this bank is going though a system transformation and Job security is at question There has been a turnaround lately of quality workers (Subject matter experts). I have felt comfortable there for many years, Not so much as of late","Loan Credit Workout Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 8, 2017","2.0"
"Way to much micro-managing","Can't start processing until you are issued work each day; usually right at your start time. If you start and are not signed in you will be terminated. Have to take specific breaks, whether you are in the middle of something or not. You are given vacation time, but are limited to when you can use them, forcing you to turn days in at the end of the year.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","April 8, 2017","2.0"
"Great people Latest Technology","I really enjoyed myself working here at this bank. Great team. Great people. Latest cutting edge technology. Flexibility. Career opportunity.. Work life balance.","Database Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2017","4.0"
"If you like feeling that you are not good enough then work for this bank","Where do I start. Backstabbing people everywhere. Its best to just keep your head down and do your work. No such thing as loyalty. Everyone is just looking our for themselves. Horrible pay.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","April 7, 2017","1.0"
"Great people, great culture","Great people at the firm with a very strong culture. Has the NY wall street work ethic with the Midwestern DNA, which is unique at a firm and hard to find.","Analyst","Former Employee","New York, NY","April 7, 2017","5.0"
"Fun and Productive"," this bank offers great incentives when you reach your goal, and offers strategies on how to achieve these goals. They offer great benefits and allow you to work from home.","Quality Control Specialist","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","April 7, 2017","3.0"
"Horrible","Working there was horrible. I never had been so stressed in my life. You are a machine to them and they don't care. You have to work forced overtime which they have the right to take back. If you live close to their I guess that wouldn't be a problem but if you commute back and forth from the city it can be quite time consuming. They are a 24/7 operation yet there is no flexibility. Everyone talks about everyone and the only way to move up is to best friends with a supervisor or manager. Turnover was high when I was there at about 35%, I left three years ago and I 've heard its higher than that. As people come in the door people are going out.","Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","April 6, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to work, but compensation could be better.","Typical day at work is ensuring your customer's financial well-being is taken care of as well as they have all that they need. Daily operations of servicing accounts and dealing with all type of people and cultures, adjusting to customers needs and manners.","Service Specialist","Current Employee","Mount Laurel, PA","April 6, 2017","4.0"
"Great company for learn new things","A typical day at work is fast. I verify the income for the underwriters and sometimes have to help in some of the underwriter duties. I verify all types of income from military, retirement, self employed and wage.","Verifier of Income for Underwriter Analyst II","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 6, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","Typical Day: Fast pace What I learned: How to manage my time wisely. Management: Great Person always willing to work with me. Workplace Culture: WE are all different and are allowed to express that. Hardest Part Of The Job: Getting everyone to work together as a tea The most enjoyable part of the job: Being able to go home at the end of the day knowing you have accomplished what you set your goall for in the morning","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Bethlehem, PA","April 6, 2017","5.0"
"Banking is the same anywhere","Banking was fun when I first started but more and more it became mostly about pushing clients into opening accounts and applying for services that were completely unneeded, simply for the fact that each employee has to reach a certain number of accounts on a monthly basis. The job is more about reaching goals and hitting certain numbers rather than actually getting to know your clients and really following them through into the directions they need to go. Many times if you didn't reach your goals at the end of the month, you would have to pull an all-nighter making phone calls to clients with a nice savings account and beg them to come in and turn some of that cash into a frozen long-term account. It was dreadful.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","April 5, 2017","4.0"
"Fine","Was able to learn and grow. Advancement available if desired. Technology is growing with the times. And customer service is priority.Benifeits are desirable such as health, life, dental insurance as well as retirement options","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Greenfield, IN","April 5, 2017","4.0"
"expect to be sales people","Want you to cross sell and push products on a constant basis. Want you to cold call customers to sell products and services. I do not feel that is a teller's job. That job is for management.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","April 5, 2017","3.0"
"Best team i had.","I had an amazing team, learnt a lot.Amazing Manager. Wonderful experience. Very flexible timings and one of the best leads I had at work.Definitely an amazing work place.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Farmington Hills, MI","April 5, 2017","5.0"
"Depends on what you do!","It's not a family oriented culture like it was when bank N was the company, they took care of their employees and now that it's this bank they only take care of the Executive.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 5, 2017","1.0"
"Too busy for training","head first dive into commercial property management, be sure its a right fit prior to taking it on, good people, company and team dynamic is difficult to maneuver for new employees.","Real Estate Services Coordinator","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 5, 2017","2.0"
"good work life balance","great work life balance and good for starting off in banking. Hours are not bad a typical 9-5 work day. All work is usually done within the office hours.","FINANCIAL SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Edison, NJ","April 4, 2017","5.0"
"Great diversity, strong support by management"," this bank is a great company to work for. This has been my first 'adult' job starting out and the tools they give you to learn the material is fantastic. A typical day at work starts at 8:30am and if you close, ends at about 5:45/6PM. Management is fabulous and how the branches come together as a team is fantastic.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","O'Fallon, IL","April 4, 2017","4.0"
"Great company,Great growth environment within the company.","Excellent benefits,friendly environment,great opportunities to gro with company and achieve your desired position.Fun activities and great management .","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","April 4, 2017","5.0"
"Never enough","You can never do enough at this job. Always require more. Compensation is terrible. They call it needs based selling but they want you to product push everything to everyone.","Business Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Northern Nj","April 4, 2017","3.0"
"resolve customer bank issues","resolved issues with bank card transactions. helped with troubleshooting online acces helped with refunding for overage helped to guide customers on the right account types for them","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 4, 2017","2.0"
"Overall, not the worse place to work.","I've worked in both the retail and operations of this bank. They provide you the tools to meet your goals. Its your choice to participate in employee engagement opportunity which they do provide. I participated in several this bank outtings and enjoyed my time to meet people in different departments. Always great to put yourself out there and network. Overall, not a bad place to work.","Detection and Investigation Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 4, 2017","4.0"
"A horrible company","While working at this bank I experienced a lot of different changes. When i originally applied I was told my job wouldnt be focused on sales. When i got hired in about a month in thats all they focused on and my job was even threatened if I didn't pick up my sales.","Full time Teller","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 3, 2017","2.0"
" this bank","If you're looking for a place to work, this is it! They offer great benefits. Its very hard to advance. They offer great quality training. The culture varies depending on you job","Loan Officer","Current Employee","Towson, MD","April 3, 2017","2.0"
"Not Bad, Not Great","Training is mediocre and a lot of times you are just thrown into your position with little to no help from another branch employee. Pay is just OK, benefits are decent.","Teller","Former Employee","Taylor, MI","April 3, 2017","3.0"
"Good benefits and okay pay","Overall nice but not enough pay for me with all the stress on sales goals and tracking sales. Management and staff are nice and very professional and willing to help you advance but you have to want a career selling.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","April 3, 2017","3.0"
"Unpleasant work enviroment.","Uncomfortable and overly demanding work environment. Human resources unpleasant to deal with. An environment that did not promote internal promotions.","Senior Financial Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 3, 2017","4.0"
"not a good place to work","I would rather not say a whole lot of negative about this company. but i will say to use it as a stepping stone and get out. take your experience elsewhere.","Workflow Coordinator","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","April 2, 2017","1.0"
"Felt like a lot of turnover in 1 year","As an underwriter, the work life balance is not comparable to larger corporations unless you are hired to work from home which many underwriters do at this bank.","Mortgage Underwriter I","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 2, 2017","4.0"
"Great Company","Good company that promotes diversity on all levels, strong foundation of customer service and client interaction. Large institution with a small town feel.","Workplace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","April 2, 2017","5.0"
"The most work balanced company to work for.","the management was wonderful they helped you strive to better your self. The culture was wonderful but the hardest part of the job was meeting the dead lines.","Liquidation Credit Analyst III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 2, 2017","5.0"
"okay place to work","If you are not a favorite they do not care about you. They do not have your back and for the most part it is like being in high school. I loved it at first but as time went on, I became miserable.","Assistant Branch Manger","Current Employee","multiple","April 2, 2017","1.0"
"very competitive/ sales oriented","I was part of a bank that was acquired by this bank. Subsequently, I left this bank. The bank is great for people that need to be managed constantly. this bank is very rigidly structured and you know exactly how to arrange your desk and what should be worked on at what time of the day. If you are in need of structured guidance, this bank is the place for you.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","April 1, 2017","3.0"
"Awesome establishement","A wonderful working environment for those who love working in banking institutions. It is definitely a great working environment with wonderful co-workers. Most enjoying part of the job is the people and the working environment.","Scrum Master","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 1, 2017","5.0"
"Awesome place to work!"," this bank was great to me. Earned incentives, management was always caring and understanding, the culture was contagious with all positivity. Nothing waste difficult to accomplish, management always gave employees enough time and gave us the tools to reach our goals.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Robertsdale, AL","March 31, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company to Work for","Overall this was a good place to work but due to moving I needed to find something closer to home. My manager was fantastic but the cons is that the departments didn't work well as a team combined.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 31, 2017","3.0"
"I didn't want to leave","Some of the greatest people work at this bank. By now all the former bank N way of thinking has been weeded out or brought to it's knees. I didn't want to leave, but change came.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 31, 2017","4.0"
"Worked for this bank a long time things change time to move on","Originally this bank was a great place to work, things change ( people, ideas, ect. ), met a lot of great people in my time there long gone now, like a lot of Companies out with the old in with the new.","Operation Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2017","3.0"
"Licensed Branch Financial Sales Consultant"," Spread the this bank Brand though exemplary customer service which includes lobby management, customer interaction, and local area events.  Maintained branch book of business through the bank N Conversion, integrating the customers into true this bank customers  Provide outstanding financial advice that allows clients to meet their lives' goals, though a variety of different products including banking tools, mutual funds, annuities and insurance products.  Increased customer penetration in all areas including business banking, retail banking, investments, mortgages and other electronic services.","Licensed Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Canton, MI","March 30, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work","This company is a great company to work for, they really believe in their employees. The only opportunity for them maybe the pay. The company show a lot of value in their employees. Great with the community.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Olney, MD","March 30, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company","Good manager team, life and work balance. Everyone will help you achieve your goals and will help you grow withing the bank. if you work hard you will make it far in the company","ACCEL Consumer and Small Business Associate","Current Employee","Passaic, NJ","March 29, 2017","3.0"
"great","collections sucked but this place was great! I met the best friends. I always felt supported to do well. There was always training. Always intervention before you're in trouble. police comes into company parking lot to run plates and give tickets while you're' working. they'll tow you.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 29, 2017","5.0"
"Good work environment","Although the pay could be a lot better, the work environment is very good. Employees work together to provide an outstanding customer experience. I would recommend this company.","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","Erie, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Dealing with problems","Your are dealing with individuals who have encountered banking issues. Whether it is a matter of an overdrawn account or problems accessing their account on line you are the first person people call.","Call Center Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","State College, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Financial/ Sales","Working for this bank is an in store environment is not the typical banking work environment. You do a lot of sales and selling products. Mostly customer interactive and pushing this bank products","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","March 29, 2017","3.0"
"Decent Job","Job is okay there's a lot of room for advancement. The pay can suffice in the beginning but you'll eventually make more as long as you switch departments. If you like taking calls all day and sitting down this may be the perfect fit for you","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Good Job","Good people to be around when I was at my branch in Philadelphia. The hours were challenging but I enjoyed my time there. The days were exciting and the idea of reaching my sales goals always helped me.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Good company. Fabulous management","Financial management group is the best team ever that I have work for. Job work life balance is superb, compensation and benefit not bad at all. Fabulous management group and excellent job culture","Senior Oracle Database Administrator","Current Employee","College Park, MD","March 28, 2017","5.0"
"sit at desk on phones all day non stop collecting long hours","get on ur computer get everything brought up an ready for calls weekly meetings daily huddles inbound and outbound calls. collecting for their mortgages payments if past due set up repay plans or get them further assistant. hardest part is sitting in a chair for like 10 hours. some management is more helpful than other earn monthly bonues","Consumer Support Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 27, 2017","3.0"
"Management","Management wants to tell you what you need to be doing, instead of helping out when you need it and there is a definite lack of leadership at my branch.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Hershey, PA","March 27, 2017","1.0"
"Good Company","Good Company but just like most institutions very sales driven. Good work / life balance and 'Bankers Hours'. Good for family life but there is an expectation of production.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Statesville, NC","March 27, 2017","4.0"
"Overall pretty great place to work.","Overall this bank is a great company to work for. There really isn't a 'typical' work day which can help to keep you engaged and make you want to keep going. Management for the most part does what it can to assist you in reaching your goals and ultimately getting where you want to go. The people are great that you work with and it is one of the things that keeps me coming to work everyday. The hardest part of the job is working with so many different personalities and working on your employees development while trying to work on your own at the same time.","Customer Service Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 27, 2017","4.0"
"Good community investment program","Regulatory environment has changed banking for the worse. Lack of local decision making and reduction of commissions and bonuses have created an undesirable appetite for high performing sales people to remain in banking.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Raleigh-Durham, NC","March 26, 2017","3.0"
"Very helpful","The entire staff was amazing and helpful. They would push you to do sales, which I would never have expected for a bank teller. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. If you ever had a question they would go above and beyond to help you.","CSA - Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2017","5.0"
"overall a great place to devlop skills and experience","Processing loan transactions throughout the business day. I have learned there are many components to reviewing loan transactions, The management is quite involved with assuring the best delivery to external and internal customers, The workplace culture can be fun and enjoyable with monthly activities. The hardest part of the job, sometimes lack sufficient training time. The most enjoyable part of the job, is the opportunity to move within the company to another position, depending on your acquired skill set.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 25, 2017","4.0"
"Good work life balance","Bank hours. Systems are like going back in time to the stone age. Management is clueless in what is going on. Anyone from tellers to Divisional management are miserable at their jobs.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Florida","March 24, 2017","2.0"
"Work Hard","Long hours, you have to learn how to listen and understand what the clients require. They get very aggressive and expect things from you, you cant give them. But still be successful and handle it proffessionaly. Very stressful sometimes but if you concentrate and stay focus you will get used to it. The staff are very polite and nice to work with.","Fraud Analyst - Card Loss Prevention","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 24, 2017","3.0"
"This company concentrates on more selling/retail of products over customer service!","Very stressful high pressure tactics over sales and not enough compensation for employees and a lot of favoritism toward some employees when it came to time off. I did meet and develop some great relationships with some of the main customers. Some of the things you were trained to do were constantly changing and the even how you were compensated were constantly changing.","Teller","Former Employee","Edgewater, MD","March 24, 2017","3.0"
"very challenging","This was a very nice place to work which allowed me to experience and share many technical issues/problems and solutions. I was here as a consultant but would love to come back as an employee.","Technical Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 24, 2017","4.0"
"Entry Level Job","This is my first entry level job and it has been a great experience. Great job stability along with compensation for a recent college graduate. Would recommend to anyone wanting to get into finances.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","March 23, 2017","4.0"
"Good company to work for","Many opportunities within the company for career advancement. Culture and management is great. I have learned a lot and met a lot of great people. The downside is that a lot of opportunities are centralized to states like PA.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Clarendon Hills, IL","March 23, 2017","5.0"
"Stressful Work Environment","This Job was very stressful as it required you to be on the phone all day. We used an automatic dialing system, so the calls never stopped, and most of the conversations were argumentative. This job was a collections job, so you were calling customers to pay their debts to the bank.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2017","3.0"
"Great Environment","A typical day at work starts by reviewing my email inbox and checking my voicemails. After that, I determine what pressing issues need addressed and prioritize my work. I have learned an extensive amount about loans, lines of credits, trusts, estates, and wills. I have dealt directly with clients and internal employees.","Fiduciary Trust Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2017","4.0"
"sucks the life out of you","Nothing close to a work life balance. Realtors are the worst calling you 24/7. the over time you work you are not compensated on, they are coming out of the 2nd lawsuit for violation of this as we speak","Loan Officer","Former Employee","SW PA","March 22, 2017","1.0"
"Great place to advance, too much micromanaging","The base pay for the work load is way too low. What is initially expected of you can change within months, if not weeks. They lack diversity in management positions.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 22, 2017","2.0"
"Uncaring, no compassion, and hard work for low salary","This was something that I had to honestly think about before doing my review. I worked for 12 years for this bank and was a Teller Lead for 5 of those years. At first I absolutely loved my position, helping the branch and fellow team with audits, trading the tellers to learn and grow and helping our customers Somewhere along the way in the last year or so heavy product pushing, sales, sales , sales and all about numbers took over. The teller leads are doing the job of a manager but getting paid like a teller and if all your tellers are not performing then you are not either. It became tougher and tougher and the hours and time that you put in, along with the 100 things you have to maintain and balance are not worth it!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","March 21, 2017","2.0"
"Okay,,, for short term"," this bank hou are in as changed over the years that I have been there. If school and need a job while you are getting an education, this is a great place to work as the staff at branch level is usually very nice. But with advancement opportunities being limited I would not recommend it for a career.","Banking Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","March 20, 2017","3.0"
"A focused work environment","A typical day was visiting my business customers and determining if their accounts were in order and reviewing their current products to see if they are best serving their needs. I would try to visit at least 8-10 bank customers per day and always make time for cold calls . The hardest part of the job was to convince the customer that they needed more of anything. Goals were tough for everyone to achieve based upon your area. this bank was the most technologically advanced company I ever worked for. You had to be on your game and computer literate to keep up with their technology . this bank was ahead of their time.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Stroudsburg, PA","March 20, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","Horrible Company to work for, this bank is so disorganized and doesn't have the client's best interest at heart. Their polices are a joke and they don't offer adequate training for their new hires.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 20, 2017","1.0"
"great bank for customers","the banking industry has changed from service to retail. I believe we lost the value of customer service by making the bank a retail store. without talking bad about the company or this bank I rather keep my comments to my self.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to get into banking","Work/life balance was great. Enjoyable atmosphere, and a great way to network with regular customers. I worked on both the teller side and the banking side of the branch, and enjoyed both aspects of branch banking.","BRANCH FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Sharonville, OH","March 19, 2017","4.0"
"Always looking to help you learn and advance"," this bank is a great working environment, fun staffed and they are willing to help you progress to reach your fullest potential. My only wish is that the pay wasn't low for the job required.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","March 19, 2017","5.0"
"Good for home work balance and benefits","I have been with this bank for 16 years and they have good health benefits and when my children were little a good home work balance. The flexibility for family is great. There is always something new to learn and the management team is willing to help you move forward into other positions. The most enjoyable part of the job is the flexibility. The hardest part of the job are the audits.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 19, 2017","3.0"
"fast pace work place","send and receive calls try to get people to pay on there loans. get people set up for modifications. set up payments. set up ext. set up payment arrangements","Defaulter Loan Specailist 1","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 17, 2017","5.0"
"Financial Specialist","Developed new investment client base while prospecting current book of bank clients as well as conducting investment seminars. Key Achievements: Garnered recognition as a top revenue producer in Philadelphia/South Jersey/Delaware region. Completed first quarter 2012 as top revenue producer within Philadelphia market.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 16, 2017","3.0"
"Work life balance","Poor work life balance for managers of this bank in the Northern MI area. Managers and employees are expected to produce high sales results in a low income area.","AVP","Former Employee","Cheboygan, MI","March 16, 2017","1.0"
"Nice place to work, nice people and culture","Nice place to work, nice people and culture. Very conservativ product offering portfolio, more than most other firms I have worked for in the past.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 16, 2017","5.0"
"Good Bank Poor Management"," this bank is a great place to bank, I still bank with them. One of the lowest paying banks to work for in Traverse City, with a company who prefers to hire outside the company then promote within. Upper Management have good insight and promote the brand well.","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Traverse City, MI","March 16, 2017","3.0"
"Fun, problem solving position with room to grow.","Working with customers to ensure they have an exceptional experience brings me great joy. This position has enabled me to grow and develop new skills.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","West Dundee, IL","March 15, 2017","4.0"
"Good work environment","Learned about Real Estate, Appraisals and Evaluations. Entered information regarding properties. Review pictures of properties when applying for HEIL or HELOC","Real Estate Services Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2017","4.0"
"decent","not very flexible in work hours, high expectations for employees to open accounts and recruit new clients in a very low income/dead area, low pay with high expectations","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Freeland, PA","March 15, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","Good company to work for. Good benefits and fair pay. Company has a professional atmosphere. Good management, managers are open and will to help employees grow and develop.","Teller","Former Employee","Glenside, PA","March 15, 2017","3.0"
"Do not waste your time working in this bank Customer Service Dept.","Rushed training, management is cutthroat. If your really good on the phones in the first day of training outside of the classroom they keep you, otherwise forget ever moving into the role of Customer Service Representative. The Customer Service Management claim they are experts in whether your going to be bad or good on the phones the first day and if you are slow learning the 15-20 screens you need to know, they cut you immediately. Also you can't get the vacations you asked for because your last in line so new training classes are not going to get requested time off. They also ask you to open a new bank account one week into classroom trading, don't do it. If they cut you, close the account immediately. Also there is no accountability at the whole company as there is no complaint resolution, except for a call center. If you have a problem with management or they treat you unfairly expect more of the same as upper management rubber stamps lower management decisions. Not a good company to work for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 14, 2017","1.0"
"great place to work","great place to work right after college. this bank will invest in your training and development unfortunately your pay will not reflect your training. Best advice learn all you can and find a job with a competitor.","Treasury Management Officer","Current Employee","New York, NY","March 14, 2017","5.0"
"you have fun at work","I had a blast working with office I was at. We treated each other like family. No one was bossy when the Manager was out of the office. We knew what was expected of us and we got the job done.","Lockbox Operational Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","March 14, 2017","4.0"
"My Experience at this bank","My experience was great. This is a great company. They are very informative and detailed in regards to their training. I really enjoyed my time there.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Blue Ash, OH","March 14, 2017","4.0"
"A positive experience","I only worked at this bank for a short time before I moved abroad but my time there was enjoyable. The co-workers were helpful and pleasant to work with and the bank manager recognized hard work.","Retail Banker","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 14, 2017","4.0"
" this bank is a fantastic place to work. The culture is becoming more and more progressive. Work life balance is a top priority as is Talent Development."," this bank is a fantastic place to work. The culture is becoming more and more progressive. Work life balance is a top priority as is Talent Development. this bank continues to be competitive and I only see the Bank growing in the coming years.","Project Manager II and Omnichannel Strategist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2017","5.0"
"Good benefits decent growth","This company sold my division to BNYMELLON. this bank was a good company with good benefits and decent pay. They take sufficient care of their employees and contractors.","Investor Services Unit Manager","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","March 13, 2017","3.0"
"Fast paced, lots to learn quickly","If you want to work for a bank, the ACCEL Program is the best way to get into a management role. You have to learn a lot really quickly and you will have a lot of mentors your first year","ACCEL Retail Development Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 12, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","My main job was to handle all money transactions from customers and sell products. When not working with customers, I was required to use online learning tools to learn more about my job.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 12, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Great Place to Start but bad place to work"," this bank allowed me to get the adequate training that I needed to get started in the banking industry. I would recommend the company to anyone getting started but not a good place to work overall. Lots of Micromanagement.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Erie, PA","March 12, 2017","2.0"
"was a great place to work","I had a great experience at this bank , I had great management we opened up daily at 8:30 and closed at 5:30 each day , first thing in the morning we opened our cash drawers and counted our money , opening the night drop vault ,then we checked in all of the commercial night drops, opened the doors for business , I enjoyed my customers very much , and working in close contact with the other tellers I became very close to them it was like working in a family. When I first became a teller it was all new to me so some of the things were a little difficult but with repetition I learned how to use all the machines , I would say up selling was my hardest learned skill I did well with it but it was difficult,","Teller","Former Employee","Plymouth, NC","March 10, 2017","5.0"
"Job details","The company is a great company to work for the is opportunity to move forward. The pay coud be better but advancement is there as well the bend are also great get them right away when you start.","Consumer Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fun and professional atmosphere.","Customers were the focus point of the business. I made many great relationships with my customers and enjoyed interacting and servicing their financial needs.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 9, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company to start with"," this bank is a good company to start off with if you are entering the banking industry. Unfortunately there is a lot of 'politics' in this company. In the position that I am in now (Intl trade service analyst) I am not payed nearly enough. I do my daily responsibilities and they add responsibilities of another department. There are a lot of changes in corporate right now and things are a bit messy.","Full Time Trade Service Analyst","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 9, 2017","3.0"
"Great benefits"," this bank was a great place to work. They have wonderful benefits and many ways in which to advance in the corporation. I would recommend this bank to anyone wanting to get into the banking business.","Client Care Representative","Former Employee","Carmel, IN","March 9, 2017","5.0"
"Changing enviornment","The job has changed a lot recently. To keep it short and to the point, the company is a decent company to work for, but there are a lot of limitations to advance.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Marietta, GA","March 8, 2017","3.0"
"not able to write review review","not able to write review..................................................... I have had a great experiences at this bank.. culture with people are great , management is awesome","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 8, 2017","3.0"
"Not the best","Not an employee first company as they strive to be. Upper leadership is lacking as well as pay and opportunities for growth, this is regardless of your skill set","Mortgage Servicing","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2017","2.0"
"Technology leader and promotes work life balance","I enjoy coaching sales employees to be the best they can be and provide our customers with financial success. I also enjoy coaching and leading the management teams to empower them to be great coaches.","Sales and Service Support Manager","Current Employee","South Bend, IN","March 6, 2017","4.0"
"great work place","I loved working at the bank. i got t meet a lot of different people. i also was able to do some networking while i was there. the days there went by pretty fast as long as you had something to do. the staff there for the most part was awesome","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Exton, PA","March 6, 2017","4.0"
"Interesting but enjoyable work atmosphere.","The hardest part of the job as with any csr position is handling the irrational customers. Sometimes situations cannot be resolved with only one interaction.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 6, 2017","4.0"
"Thumbs Down","Company does not compensate well for all expectations. They expect you to do the work for 3 individuals and only want to pay you for 1/2 of 1. If the compensation was greater it would not be so bad.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Martinsville, NJ","March 6, 2017","3.0"
"Fun great people","Very challenging job not much to really say about the job. It is great if you don't have a family with small children. It is very high passed you must be sure you pay attention to detail. You must remember your customers and who they are. I have learned all kinds of things working at the bank.","Customer Service","Current Employee","North Huntingdon, PA","March 5, 2017","5.0"
"Good Workplace","Exceeds Requirements: Managers and co-workers have commented on high levels of accuracy and work productivity. Takes pride in work and strives to improve work performance. All memos, reports, forms and correspondence are completed on time with no errors. Outstanding: Has less than a 1% error rate on work product. Accuracy is excellent. Quantity of work produced is outstanding.","Direct Communication Sales Representative","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","March 5, 2017","5.0"
"Productive","You are always busy and never have a slow day. There are times that there is more work than people to do. Other areas in departments will help out if needed.","REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15212","March 4, 2017","5.0"
"Produce results","Grows branch revenue through acquisition and share-of-wallet growth of consumer and business households. Manages, coaches and executes a proactive client experience within an omni channel environment. Provides solutions and advice to improve client financial well-being. Leads effective problem resolution Responsible for acquiring and retaining talent through the coaching and development of employees. Coaches employees to achieve performance and activity expectations. Assists in the performance management process for all employees. Manages operational, human capital, repetitional and business risk through adherence to established policies and procedures. Exercises sound decision making to identify and mitigate potential risk","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","King of Prussia, PA","March 4, 2017","4.0"
"Commercial Banking","Excellent places to learn cost controls, and standard operations but the excessive pushing to promote sales is a negative espically when people have a negative outlook on the banking industry, Management was also not very upfront with employees on sales goals and would randomly change goals last minute which is extremely disheartening.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","March 4, 2017","2.0"
"good money","was instore so its completely different from traditional bankin there a lot of money to be made here if you have the drive and willingness to work for it","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Township of Howell, NJ","March 3, 2017","4.0"
"Fine place to work, friendly and warm people to work beside","A typical day is talking to the public about the company products, up-selling company products and at the end of the day providing a good service for people who are interest in use the company for personal and business use.","Support Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 2, 2017","5.0"
"Good Place For somone Looking for Part-Time","Wonderful Place too work. They do have a work life balance within the company. But i do believe this job are for good part time people who are not exactly what they want to. Great Benefits.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Hamilton Square, NJ","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work","I had a great tine working for this bank all supervisor were great and nice environment to work, nice facility. great pay and benefits nice lot for employers parking.","Bilingual Consumer Support Associate","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great company to work and grow as an individual and team player.","At this bank I succeed through relationship building, customer outbound calling, and walk-in customer interaction. I am proud to work with my investment team to build knowledge and provide exceptional customer service.","Licensed Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great Opportunity while pursuing my degree","This was a great place to earn while in college and also meet leadership from across departments in the bank. At the time we generated the most revenue in the bank. We were a highly prized department.","Coaching Assistant","Former Employee","Beachwood, OH","March 1, 2017","4.0"
"What I Learned","Learned how to process, pre-underwrite (DU-LP Seasoned), and package and submit my loan up-coming loan fundings. Gave me an understanding of how FDIC Mortgage Banks work and operate.","Supervising Manager","Former Employee","Gig Harbor, WA","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Not bad","Not bad if you like big companies. New talent and job structure is a bit confusing to understand. Meager annual raises, but improved vacation time off. Medical insurance seems to be pretty standard and rather affordable. Can move up or around after one year, but as mentioned, the new structure makes it confusing and can lead to large discrepancies in salaries for the same job","Senior Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2017","4.0"
"Fun workplace with great management and structure","I love the culture at this bank. The work/life balance is something you don't see all of the time. They value the employees and understand that a happy employee creates a comfortable environment and in turn satisfies customers.","Employee","Current Employee","Belvidere, IL","February 28, 2017","5.0"
"Was a great place to work","Daily monitored Cash Account Balances and Securities Balances, reporting to management and back office on any overdrafts and follow up to clear overdrafts and breaks on securities I became very good at multi-tasking in order to meet hourly deadlines. I don't think any parts of the job were hard, but sometimes overtime became excessive. The most enjoyable part would be clearing a break and finding a solution to prevent the same types of breaks in the future.","Supervisor of the Reconciliation Department","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","Was extremely happy working for company. Advancement is always a possibility as long as you are not working for the actual branches. Branches of bank are less and less important.","Call Center Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2017","5.0"
"Overall Good Place to Work","12-14 hour days in this bank's Securitization group. Management very interested in your career growth. Friendly workplace. Strong training program","Asset Backed Finance","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 24, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work but needs improvement","I have been here for 2 years and I have had the opportunity to move up. It is a great employer however there are areas that need improvement. Management on the retail can be difficult and moving up can be challenging.","Mortgage Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 23, 2017","4.0"
"fun workplace","Best job to have while satisfying client needs. But the manager there was very weird and iffy. Always kept asking questions that do not pertain to the job and making a lot of excuses.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","February 23, 2017","4.0"
"Not work/life friendly","May be good atmosphere for less seasoned employees. Not a professional environment for seasoned individuals. Good for just out of high school building a career.","Consultant I","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 22, 2017","1.0"
"Excellent company to work for that focuses on talent development and work/life balance","I have completely enjoyed my time with this bank. They have maintained and excellent focus on work/life balance and encourage every employee's development. They provide ample opportunity for learning and volunteering. Management is fair and respectful, and also concerned about each employee's development and job satisfaction.","Operations Production Support Specialist - Senior","Current Employee","Nova Place","February 22, 2017","5.0"
"Streessful work enviorment","The branch i was at was hostle but the people are nice in thier own way the hours are reasonable but in terms of hours they expect so much from the workers for very. Little benifit","Full Time teller","Former Employee","Bordentown, NJ","February 21, 2017","3.0"
"Loved the work/life balance","Management style changes with every new manager, some good and some terrible. I enjoyed the diversity of customers and employees. I think the hardest part of the job was when customers would get upset when asked for their ID. We only ask to help prevent identity fraud, so it is a protection we are trying to provide.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","February 21, 2017","4.0"
"A Changed Bank","Used to be a great place to work. I no longer am there, but so much has changed and I feel that they no longer value their employees as much as they did in the past.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","February 21, 2017","3.0"
"Great Place to work"," this bank is great for a work place to learn and grow with. You will learn a lot about banking and to grow with a team. Meeting other co workers from other branches makes you value the company you work for. this bank is a great work place for single mothers and they are a huge supporter of our military and even the LBGT community.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","February 21, 2017","5.0"
"N/a","Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.Assist Small Business clients on policy and procedures to make banking easie Answered telephone inquiries on banking products including checking, savings, credit cards, loans, and lines of credit Communicate with service partners to efficiently assist with problem solving and service request by providing accurate information efficiently to conserve time Continued education on current banking products and services through online banking.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Review"," this bank is a great career starter. Although our branch is located in a small town its a good way to gain experience when it comes to skills and building relationships with our customers.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Sudlersville, MD","February 21, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Love the work environment a typical day for me was verifying that funding was cleared to be submitted to the following parties. I reviewed all the documentation from the title company and the borrower, buyer and seller.","Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and enjoyable","Strengthening relationships with customers while helping them make the most of their finances. Continual learning about new banking practices and how to help customers.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","York, PA","February 20, 2017","5.0"
"Interaction with customers","Servicing customers with financial issues as well as selling them different products. I learned over years to love people and interact with them as far as there financial needs is concern. The hardest part of my job is not being able to resolve their financial issues because of fees restrictions and have to tell them that I could not assist them by refunding fees. I enjoyed most to be able to resolve any financial issues that were within my parameters. To see them leave satisfied and happy with my services.","Universal Banker II","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","February 20, 2017","3.0"
"Productive but corporate heavy","It was a great place to work, but the corporate presence was too much. They want you to migrate business to the ATM's but then see reports of lesser traffic to the teller line and feel as though our job is not good enough.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Erie, PA","February 17, 2017","5.0"
"Job security A+. Compensation D-","Some coworkers are professional and respectful than others. Their policies change all the time, hence you tend to make a lot of mistakes. Some employees do not get compensated for working overtime, and also do not get compensated annually, but are expected to work overnight.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 17, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to grow","Great place for advancement and great training program. Great for anyone looking to balance work and family life. There are plenty of opportunities to grow and make extra money with overtime and bonus checks.","Business Banking Senior Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 17, 2017","4.0"
"same as other review about this bank","The same as the other review the I submitted regarding this bank and the call center that I worked in. Fast pace environment. Learned a lot about banking. Enjoyed working with customers and resolving their problems.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 16, 2017","4.0"
"Supervisor for a call center for customer calls.","Answered calls for customers regarding their account as well as products and services the this bank provided. I learned a lot about banking. The hardest part of the job was the volume of calls the call center took daily, The most enjoyable part of the job was helping customers.","Customer Service Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 16, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","It was nice working from home with the banking industry. Talking to customers and solving the problems of every day calls. Online banking tech support.","Consultant at Corporate Care Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2017","5.0"
"third shift job","Had to key in various checks to accounts during the night so the customers accounts would be credited with their money by the next banking day. very routine schedule","Lockbox area","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2017","5.0"
"good job enough incom for any single person and simple environment .","friendly people good management nice workplace culture and good system to learn how can you developing your skills fast working and successfully achieving the company goal with time to enjoyable in your department operations .","Express Employment Professionals","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 16, 2017","5.0"
"Wish I stayed","I've never had a job where I left and I regretted it not even a month later. I had to leave because I unfortunately wasn't getting paid enough. The staff, managers, and regional managers are absolutely amazing. Always very helpful, very nice and understanding. Not only did this job give me the opportunity to meet amazing people, but it gave me life skills that I will carry on with me for the rest of my life such as leaning how to balance a check book, manage not only my bank account, but large amounts of money as well. It taught me security and how to be careful with bank account information, how to apply for a loan, how to manage a loan, how to apply for a credit card, how to manage credit cards, mortgages, how to apply for one, what's expected when applying for a mortgage, the process, etc. The hardest part of the job is watching out for scam artists. Some people aren't as nice and honest as you think. Customers will come in trying to be someone else with fake IDs, you will run into TONS of counterfeit money, but learn how to catch it, and managing thousands of dollars all at once. You definitely have to learn how to keep track of it at all times. There's a lot of security and procedures you have to learn in case of a robbery as well, but as long as you know what you're doing at that moment, you will be fine.","TELLER","Former Employee","PA","February 15, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work at","good place to work at the training part is very exciting !!!they send you to a hotel and give you a free stay ! great transition","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Cape Coral, FL","February 15, 2017","3.0"
"It is an ok type of a company","The work experience isn't great but not bad either. Being banking domain there is less flexibility and workers have to put in more than 100%.There is no freedom of thought , the processes aren't flexible.","Informatica Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 15, 2017","3.0"
