" this bank is focused on making $","At times it's not a bad place to work for. Other times you better watch your back because they will terminate jobs right and left if they can get away with it.","Operations Work lead","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 21, 2018","3.0"
"Worked for over 20 years in customer service and sales worst company environment","Extreme sales pressure. No matter how good with sales and customer service it is never good enough!! You can be a 5 Star employee and never appreciated!! Under staffed and poorly managed from the branch to the regional sector.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Springfield, PA 19064","June 21, 2018","2.0"
"Corporate and retail struggle","I've had great experiences and not so great experiences, company lacks consistency from the top to bottom, in retrospect communication wasn't always clear.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 21, 2018","3.0"
"enjoyable job","Well organized , enjoyed my time here, fixed schedule, incentives, good management, good culture, self developed , organized company overall, good benefits 3 vacation weeks","Assist customers","Current Employee","Passaic, NJ","June 21, 2018","5.0"
"OK Company","It is an okay company to work for, turnover rate is getting high because they under pay their employees. Benefits are okay, work hours are okay, job security is high because they work with you.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Bergen County, NJ","June 21, 2018","1.0"
"Very good place to work at","Very good place to work at. Enjoyable, fun and quite place to work, very good people, coworkers and managers. Always trying to help. Team work, hours are very good.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Buffalo Grove, IL","June 21, 2018","5.0"
"productive, very goal driven without having enough customers","they are always changing the rules & making exceptions. Management is good but tends to do everything leaving the rest of the team with barely any customers to make goals.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 21, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work, good people. Great benefits stayed busy learned a lot during the time that I worked there. A great place to grown and retire from.","Senior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 20, 2018","5.0"
"Fun workplace with opportunities to grow","Great company to work for. Management is always willing to coach and assist to achieve great results. Team approach is encouraged. The best part of the job is to help customers to achieve financial well being.","Senior Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Schaumburg, IL","June 20, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Nice place to work, good people, Treat employees well, even if salary is less than market. Many long term employees, showing the positive atmosphere. The downside is that it can be hard to move up the ladder once you are in.","Attorney","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 20, 2018","4.0"
"Difficult work/life balance","Expected to work well over 40 hours a week as a salaried employee, but docked pay repeatedly if hours don't add up to 40. Repeatedly forced to come in 6 days a week even if goals were met.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2018","3.0"
"not good","I was misled about this position and the people currently doing this job are not being led by effective management. They are free to do what they want and their results are self reported.","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","June 19, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company, but if you're not a minority you'll be gone quickly","Read above. Pretty simple. Pretty much if you came into work and did your job, that's all that was expected of you. However, if you are a minority, you will get promoted fairly quickly as this bank prides themselves on Diversity - It's one of their core principles.","Client Services Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2018","4.0"
"Good place, still needs to modernize","Great place in terms of values, still needs to catch up to the future. Some culture still resilient from 80;s and 90's, despite company growth. If you manage to get a good package and a good team, a great place to be","Quantitative Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2018","4.0"
"Fast paced environment","As a branch manager, the sales pressure is very high. Mandatory conference calls up to 4 times a day to ensure one meets sales goals. You are expected to pass the pressure on to the team members. A second scandal is about to happen.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","June 18, 2018","3.0"
"Frequent change in leadership at operation level","Hired by a group and then transferred to another group without any leadership and never had any interaction with the head to whom I reported. Looks that head wanted to have his own people and created a frustrating environment to quit .","Lead Business Analytics","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2018","2.0"
"Love being able to work remotely","I love the flexibility and ability to work remotely. Not many opportunities for advancement in the Tampa area. Low pay. Bonus structure changing. Need to provide better pay and opportunities to advance.","Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","June 18, 2018","3.0"
"Retired Employee","I started working when the company name was First National Bank in 1986. During the years we became bank N then was brought out by this bank. I was dislocated on two occasions, I always choose to go back. I enjoyed working for this company.","VP of Executive Client Relations","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 16, 2018","5.0"
"I loved working for this bank","I worked for this bank for over 17 years, and as an overall experiecne, I loved working here. Joining the this bank insestments group was not as enjoyable as other positions I've held with the company, but it is where I grew the most.","Administrative Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","June 15, 2018","5.0"
"customer focussed","Good training. Unlike some other laid back banks, management here expect a whole lot from you, so it keeps you on your toes. They are very big on sales and have a very low error tolerance policy. This could be a negative/ positive depending on how you look at it, I saw it as an opportunity to learn and go above and beyond the status quo.","UI Web Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 15, 2018","5.0"
"Following the company core values","Pros:Good work/life balance. Great company for working moms. Flexible schedule. Cons: Low pay. Few opportunities for advancement. High deductible health insurance.","Court Accountant Senior","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 15, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company","Good Company to work for. I entered the bank as an entry level collector and have been able to work my way up and into the Underwriting Department. I currently verify income for the underwriters which help them determine the outcome for loan applications. Good benefits, work life balance is a priority to the company and they have a decent 401k matching percentage are reasons to stick around. I have made some wonderful friends around the office over the last 10 years and have felt very secure in my job.","Underwriting Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2018","4.0"
"Productive work environment."," this bank is a fine company to work for. The work atmosphere is quiet the office is a 'green' building so it's hard to hear. Management is awesome. The hardest part of the job is it's always changing.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"Dream job","My work day usually revolved around running various reports, helping the loan officers get their loans entered, resolving any issues surrounding those loans, marketing efforts, expense reports, travel arrangements, calendaring, meeting coordination and general administrative assistance to the Market Manager/Regional Manager.","Mortgage Office Administrator","Former Employee","Clayton, MO","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"Productive Workplace"," this bank gave you plenty of opportunity to learn the job and succeed in the position, sending you to training classes and training online during employment.","Financial Sales Representative","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"Amazing place to start a career!","Was amazing, I have nothing bad to say about the place, I moved back to NY and still use this bank as my bank, they are just the best at what they do. Unfortunately i had to move, and there's no this bank's out here.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Matawan, NJ","June 14, 2018","5.0"
"The last several years in this firm have represented a great deal of change in systems and management","A typical day at work might involve calendaring and problem solving for various managers and team members. It can be exciting and challenging to reach the correct party for solutions of the upgraded systems. The workplace culture is spoken of very favorable by management, but the talk and the walk of the organization are not always in sync. I enjoy working with my team members.","Sales and Service Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"ups and downs","decent company to work for. advancement is possible but it takes a while for them to consider you. its a job, if you do your job then its easy. Decent incentive.","Senior Financial Consultant","Current Employee","PA","June 13, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work. I enjoy my tenure at this bank but I feel I have no further opportunity."," this bank is a Great Workplace and I thought I would retire from this Company. In the last 7 years here in Florida I learned and had an awesome experience in Weston. I love my clients and my clients are very loyal to me. I feel as though every time I try to advance there is always an obstacle. I have given my entire life to this bank and thought with my excellent track record they would help me advance my career sooner rather than later!","Vice President - Business and Branch Center Manager","Current Employee","Weston, FL","June 13, 2018","5.0"
"work place","Goal oriented, many tasks to complete in short time. Many functions, great customer service, fast learning requirements. Answering and making daily goals sales phone calls.","Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"Typical big corporation mentalilty"," this bank maintains that it cares for it's employees, when all it really cares about is sales, sales, sales. They push their employees to the point of burn out, then look for reasons to terminate your employment. this bank does not take into account local management opinions, or knowledge of their direct employees performance. When they want to fire someone, they do it regardless of your immediate supervisor's opinion. Corporate Employee Relations 'tells' Managers what to do in matters of employee terminations. It is not a 'collaboration' as they claim. Those decisions come from a far away state, from a corporate level, from people who know nothing about you personally, or professionally.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Franklin, NC","June 13, 2018","1.0"
"Productive workplace with a great work/life balance"," this bank is a great company to get a foot in the door with the financial industry with vast opportunity for advancement. Unfortunately they do no pay their employees appropriately compared to national averages.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"Work/Life Balance","Great work life balance if you are in the correct department. This is dependent upon your manager. this bank struggles with promoting from withing. Instead of investing in training for their currently employees, they hire externally","HR SYSTEM ANALYST","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 13, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank takes pride and ownership in their employees. I had one on one coaching skills that developed me into the banker that I was for the company. this bank cares about their employees personal lives and worked with me when things came into the equation. I am very grateful for the 4 years with the company and the management that I had along the way.","and the branch liaison","Former Employee","Indianapolis Indiana USA","June 13, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work, great benefit options"," this bank overall I think is a really great company to work for. We have great benefits offered to us which I think are competitive with other employees. Raises are semi-annually to yearly depending upon performance. this bank does not offer overtime, which allows for a healthy work/life balance. Full time employees are offer paid vacation plus the benefits of health, vision, dental, retirement and more","Teller Lead","Current Employee","West Mifflin, PA","June 12, 2018","4.0"
"great at first down the road not so much","When you are first hired on it is awesome, money wise. But once you have been there for awhile no more raises. Staffing is always changing and they get hired on minimum 15.00 an hour with no experience.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 12, 2018","4.0"
"Poor upper management skills and training in AML department","Management is not educated or trained to manage. Hiring decisions are based on personal preference. Management fails to utilize the experience and skills of the employees they have to make decisions","AML Operations Manager","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","June 12, 2018","2.0"
"Company overall does not care about employees","My ratings are based on my feelings about the above statement. Management changes frequently, morale overall very low. Corporate culture leaves a lot to be desired.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2018","2.0"
"Okay work culture","very laid back at the Brecksville office. Slow work pace. conservative culture. but provides good work life balance. good people. small cafeteria. no gym","Bankruptcy Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 11, 2018","3.0"
"Great employer","Very busy day to day operations. The management was great in my dept. I worked with a great team of people. Very great experience in learning banking.","Support Representative Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work","I worked at this bank when it merged with Midlantic Bank in the back office and enjoyed the work as it was very challenging. There was always something to learn and people willing to train you.","Research Analyst","Former Employee","West Paterson, NJ","June 11, 2018","4.0"
"I do not have much to say","They really needed help as far as management and co workers. i worked at three different branches and they cut my training short so i didn't really know much i had to learn as i went and i only had a branch manger for the 1st month that i was there.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 11, 2018","4.0"
"Comfy Retail Banking Job","Not paid quite as high as some other banks. Benefits may be better or at least comparable. this bank will NEVER fire an employee for lack of sales. Be prepared to endure a ton of micromanaged behavioral activities.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Buffalo Grove, IL","June 11, 2018","4.0"
"My review","The company was okay to work for but they didn't offer me career advancement. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing and talking to the customers.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Biglerville, PA","June 10, 2018","3.0"
"Opportunity to Grow"," this bank expends a lot of money on getting their new employees on board with this bank culture. It is up to you to make the best out of the many opportunities they offer. So far Im happy working for this company. Benefits are great if you work full time.","Services Associate","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","June 9, 2018","5.0"
"Nice Company","It was a nice place to work for after they bought out bank N. Good work/life balance. Learned a lot of new things during my time there. Many different departments to choose from.","National City Bank - Item Processor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 8, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Review Summary","Very stressful call center environment. From the moment you punch in your availability your phone will ring. Very seldom do you finish a call and have a moment to regroup before the next call is coming through. Grading of calls by quality staff is inconsistent and information given to customers is inconsistent as well. Managers typically do not challenge scores from quality which effects the bonus you would earn.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 8, 2018","3.0"
"Some slow times, fast paced financial environment","I enjoyed working with the staff, the sales requirements and constant sales reminders made the job stressful. Also, there is a lot of on the job training. That is very good","Bilingual Banking Specialist II","Former Employee","Kitty Hawk, NC","June 7, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great place for a career, you have unlimited opportunity to grow and advance. if you are looking for a career try this bank. you won't go wrong with it.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","June 7, 2018","5.0"
"Great Place to Work","Great Benefits and Development/Promotional opportunities. In my 15 years at this bank, I have had the opportunity to leverage my strengths and continue to develop. Great framework for employee development.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 7, 2018","5.0"
"okay","Unrealistic goals for production, Hard to move up and make more money. Good work/life balance. Great PTO. The people you work with really make the job matter. I developed great friendships there.","Underwriting Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great Experience","Good Company, I was a teller to start, then new accounts. I left to further my career. I really got to know all my customers, enjoyed the customer service.","New Accounts","Former Employee","O'Fallon, MO","June 6, 2018","4.0"
"don't work there","If you like selling all the time and to make your salary then you should work there. However, being the mascot was really fun and each week there was a new even you were to go to.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","June 5, 2018","1.0"
"A competitive bank","The bank was very competitive in terms of high sales driven goals, with incentives paid accordingly. The bank had a family atmosphere which was enjoyable and comfortable to work in","Manager","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","June 5, 2018","5.0"
"Management does not have experience in areas they manage.","In general benefits are fine, but management expects excessive hours during the week, including weekends. Promotions are difficult to get. You have to be careful what positions you try to post for in the internal job posting system. Job descriptions are not accurate. Excessive internal politics. Company is successful. Merit increases are low, if any, including bonuses. Re-organizations occur often and you have nothing to say in re-assignments.","Senior Database Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 5, 2018","3.0"
"meh","Hired as a banker, but was never given the opportunity to be a banker. If you are hired as a branch sales and service associate/ universal banker prepare yourself to spend 95% of your time on the teller line making only your base wage","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Lake Geneva, WI","June 5, 2018","3.0"
"Fast paced, energetic technology company with a bank front end","Equal parts exhausting and rewarding. Long hours and very high pressure timelines with lofty expectations. That said the rewards of being successful in this environment make it all worth it.","Technologies Manager - VP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 5, 2018","4.0"
"Good culture, improving comp, solid product lines","Great place to work, undergoing some changes. Client focused. Strong compliance culture with excellent attention to risk management. Improving compensation programs. Product lines are very good in all lines of business.","WM","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 4, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Day","With this bank I have enjoyed my employment and feel that I have worked really hard for where I am. However my family life has been put on the back burner too long, and the hours/stress have been an issue.","Supervisor","Current Employee","Ohio","June 4, 2018","5.0"
"Working with public","I started as a PT teller and quickly advanced to Customer Service,. I worked at several different branches and went through 5 mergers. I retired from this bank when I was informed I would have my pay frozen and given more responsibilities. Overall I enjoyed at the most part working at this bank.","Service Supervisor II","Former Employee","Romeo, MI","June 4, 2018","3.0"
"Productive Place to work","Learned to provide splendid customer services to customers in a friendly and courteous manner at all times. Have sufficient knowledge about the banking products and services and respond to all inquiries accordingly. Improve customers' banking experience with the bank by ensuring that the customers are attended to promptly and all their challenges are resolved without delay. Ensured that all the bank's policies and procedures, code of conduct and regulatory guidelines are strictly complied with in the process of discharging duties , Inform and suggest new banking products to customers. Provided information to customers on their account status and account balances. Delivered assistance to all other members of staff in other departments of the bank by liaising with them through healthy interactions","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Opelika, AL","June 4, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company","Great bank. Good sales process, good middle management. Benefits are standard for the industry. this bank is a middle of the road bank in terms of base salary but decent quarterly bonuses.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Canton, OH","June 3, 2018","5.0"
"Busy, busy busy!!","Though I know I enjoyed working at this bank, it was over 10 years ago. I remember my coworkers were extremely friendly and we used to go out to dinner together fairly often. The branch manager wasn't the best to work for, as she was new to her position but the head teller was AMAZING! I felt like they really cared about each other here. The hardest times were during the busiest days. When social security checks and paychecks came out. It was so fast paced and hard to keep up but we all pulled through together!","Teller","Former Employee","Township of Hanover, PA","June 2, 2018","5.0"
"Fast-paced and collaborative data entry","-inspected hundreds/thousands of medical bills each week depending on work load. -Employee training included HIPAA certification and training for quickly deciphering and decoding text/font from scans of medical bills. -There was an abundance of workplace culture and opportunities to collaborate with peers on community projects outside of work, support for LGBT community and charitable organizations, etc... -The hardest part of the job was enduring the probationary starting period during which headphones were not allowed.. -The most enjoyable parts of the job were paid volunteering opportunities, community outreach, and corporate gatherings.","Senior Operations Specialist","Data Entry","Highland Hills, OH","May 31, 2018","4.0"
"N/a","As a manager it is very stressful. They expect you to get things done in 40 hours but you are given things that would take you 70 hours a week to do. They add stress not only to your work life, but to home life too.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Leola, PA","May 31, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to start a career.","Get licensed. It was a fun place to work as a young person out of college but it was best used as a launching pad for where I really wanted to go. The salaries are low for the amount of revenue they generate.","Planned Giving Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 31, 2018","4.0"
"Forward Thinking","Company focused on operational effectiveness and customer satisfaction. Enjoyed the culture that promoted transparency and collaboration, with the objective of 'doing the right thing'.","Default Operations","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 31, 2018","4.0"
"Secretary","I worked at this bank over 18 years ago. So my experience is a lot different that it would be today. I enjoyed working there. I just got caught up in the downsizing movement","Clerk - Stenographer to Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 31, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","Great company to work for with amazing management. Very good work life balance- open door policy with management- very flexible and ability to grow with the company","Senior Business Systems Analyst IT","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 31, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","I would never reccemend for anyone to work her high turnover and awful pay. I love my manager and coworkers but the company itself is not great. They micro manage and pressure you to sell. Nothing you do seems good enough","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","May 31, 2018","1.0"
"Standard Corporate Environment","While I liked my superiors, and they were very involved in my career development, this bank is like any other large corporation - you are underpaid and undervalued. Everyone is replaceable. Additionally, the benefits are absolutely horrible for such a large company.","Operations Work Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work. It is a competitive bank with plenty of opportunity for advancement if you are willing put in the effort. They will give you the tools an training to learn the craft and work your way up.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 30, 2018","5.0"
"Sr Participant Service Rep","Receive calls from employees from over 800 american companies needing assistance with their company sponsored retirement account. Educate and inform callers of all IRS and company regulations regarding withdrawals, deposits, fund transfers and investment choices within their company sponsored retirement account. Assist with online access. Issue PIN numbers for callers. Research and respond to caller inquiries when needed.","Participant Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2018","5.0"
"Positive environment","Working at this bank was a really fun and positive environment interacting with different clients. Everyday was a different day working with different eco partners such as loan officers, business bankers, financial advisers, mortgage officer and account executives.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Woodbridge, VA","May 29, 2018","4.0"
"Fun place to work, not enough money compared to responsibilities","I thoroughly enjoyed the customers and coworkers while at this bank. I also highly respected the management and their practices. However, when it came down to compensation the amount of work required was not equivalent to the pay in my opinion.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Middletown, DE","May 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great Management & Leadership"," this bank allowed me to transition into banking comfortably. My manager was a wonderful leader, mentor and coach. My assistant manager who I worked closely with was patient and always available. this bank will allow you to grow within the company as long as you have the desire to succeed. The downside with this bank was the requirement to send referrals to bankers from the teller side. Other than the need to refer products and services, this bank was a great company to work for. It was a pleasure to work under great leadership","Customer Service","Former Employee","Jonesboro, GA","May 29, 2018","5.0"
"N/a","Love the job and the people I work definitely would recommend this job to everyone if banking is for you I say go for it. I am currently part time so I don't get the benefit but I still love waking going to work","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Maryland City, MD","May 28, 2018","5.0"
"Really nice people","Employees are kind and care for one another. Many departments feel like family. I learned a lot during my years of work with this bank. I would recommend this as an employee.","Senior Fraud Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 28, 2018","4.0"
"just a number","just a number in the company. does not matter how well you do, you wont move up if you don't know the right people. a lot of unethical issues within the company in retail branches.","Branch Sales and Service Assoiciate","Former Employee","Palm Bay, FL","May 28, 2018","3.0"
"Great work life balance and good benefits, low salary with few raises"," this bank has a great culture that values work life balance. Just be prepared to move out of your position to earn more more money. Also, the incentives change annually. Don't get used to the compensation structure.","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 27, 2018","4.0"
"Nice experience","I was nice working experience in this bank. Good work culture and facilities available at every this bank office location. Good learning opportunities available there.","Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 25, 2018","4.0"
"Great Benefits, Great Job","This job taught me a lot. Where many people were getting paid more at different banks, the benefits and incentive pay were much higher. I had health, dental, and vision insurance. 401K that this bank matched at 4% to my salary. Definitely opportunity to move up in your position, gain raises etc. I was promoted in my first 3 weeks and received 4 raises in my 11 months of working there.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lake Orion, MI","May 25, 2018","5.0"
"very productive","One of the Best Companies I've worked for and they actual cared about their employees. work life balance was great. Moving through the company wasn't based on seniority.","Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 25, 2018","5.0"
"Loved it!!","I really enjoyed my time at this company! They were supportive, willing to teach, open to growth and promotion and best of all professional. I love not only the company but the business as well.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Summit, NJ","May 25, 2018","5.0"
"Current employee, Benefits are great","Company with great benefits. Don't work in a branch if you are an adult with bills to pay. Can't afford to buy a home on the salary given.. Pay is not worth it.","Branch sales and service associate","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 24, 2018","3.0"
"Focused on business growth and shareholder value.","Consistent work structure with routines that allowed for expectations to be understood and met. Branch work environment allowed for comfortable work atmosphere with associates.","Senior Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 24, 2018","5.0"
"Customer service based","Morning meeting , goals and expectations of the day.Assist with bank morning traffic.Maintain a neat and organized secured work area. Assist with lobby management, pointing customers in the right direction according to their needs.Assist Personal banker and management with opening accounts, follow ups, disputes and multi channel phone calls. etcBank product benefits positioned to all customers. Management was a team effort. To assist the management team during the day with bank traffic, so that no one employee or manager is overloaded. Team work all day. Communication is key.Hardest part of the job would be working and dealing with fraud. The most enjoyable part of the day is being able to help customers see their finances differently.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Ayden, NC 28513","May 24, 2018","5.0"
"workplace and growth","job was great in management, flexibility, culture and requirements of job. Training was given and it was an overall great job. The only thing is job security was bad.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 24, 2018","4.0"
"Low paying advancingjob","You can advance at this bank if you can tolerate the low pay for awhile. They're maternity leave policy is horrible. It's stressful work for the little pay you receive. You're constantly watched and not in a good way.","Teller","Former Employee","Canal Winchester, OH","May 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank was a great place to work I feel like I gained a lot of experience working there. The people I worked with were great as well as the supervisors and they were always there to help if needed","Collection Agent","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place of Employment","Very collaborative, fair wages, promotion prompt, willing and ready to help all who desire to advance. Rated as number one place of employment of my resume.","Senior Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company","Working with this bank was great. I say with because they do whatever they can to include you as a part of the team rather than some they pay. this bank's training is the best I've had. The hardest part of my job was working from home and making that transition. That type of work is for some people and not for others. Unfortunately, it was not for me. this bank also does not let you transition back if you find it unfitting. Instead, you must wait 6 months to complete all training to move.","Customer Service Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2018","5.0"
"Great benefits, retirement, time off","Great place to work for someone looking to get into the financial sector, starting pay is good as well as company benefits. Time off is better than that of most entry level positions.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Asheville, NC","May 23, 2018","4.0"
"Not great","Hostile work environment, many if not all coworkers disliked each other and made thinly veiled comments about one another. Manager did little to nothing to address or diffuse the situation","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 22, 2018","2.0"
"Bad Workplace","The company does not care for their employees. I find it hard to advance in the company. They always say experience matters over everything else. It is very gossip filled culture.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2018","2.0"
"Decent job, great benefts","I learned a lot about finance and mortgages. The management have difficulty stock of what their employees' complaints or suggestions regarding functionality of systems, but do try to accommodate their employees with day to day necessities.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2018","2.0"
"Good benefits","Good benefits, flexible work arrangements, strict attire requirements, 9-5 bank work day for most people, no parking at corporate office, nice friendly coworkers","Finance Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 22, 2018","4.0"
"Team Lead for the 401K Administration Group","Managed a team of 6 Administrators responsible for managing 401K accounts for Plan Sponsors by maintaining plan documents monitoring regulatory filings, plan compliance testing and any necessary processing all participant activity. The management team was great, we worked well together, unfortunately our positions were relocated to Pittsburgh.","Vice President","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 20, 2018","4.0"
"Great work environment and management","This job gives you every opportunity to excel in your role. this bank's training programs are top notch. In my experience management wanted to help you grow in your role. Compensation could be higher.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Seymour, IN","May 20, 2018","4.0"
"None","Through face-to face interactions with customers, I had the opportunity to provide top- notch customers service handling financial transactions accurately and efficiently. I spent my day having professional and friendly interactions with both customers and team members","Teller - Fulltime","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 20, 2018","5.0"
"Good Company"," this bank was a good company to work for. It is a company that is widespread and growing. I was only there for six months after they purchased the company that I was with.","Unknown","Former Employee","Unknown","May 19, 2018","4.0"
"Good work place good management","I liked working at this bank it was a exciting job dealing with all nature of people and cultures. Dealing with Attorneys and the courts. The co-works were always willing to help each other if needed we where a team.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 19, 2018","5.0"
"needs improvement","work was repetitive. everyday we came in and did the exact same thing. Nobody had fun we weren't even allowed to talk and or have conversations like other departments. Nobody wanted to participate in the fun activities the ' enthusiastic employees' tried to push for. The colleges either talked about you and made it comfortable or was blatantly rude and did not care. Other than that, yeah work was fine unless you wanted a raise or advancement.","Detection and Investigation Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 19, 2018","3.0"
"Learning a new job","Assisting all customer needs, cash and deposit checks, open and close accounts, settle and replenish ATM, order and ship money, settle teller and branch settlements","Bank Teller","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","May 18, 2018","3.0"
"Nice people to work with","People are generally nice to deal with, work life balance is OK, low turn-over rate, plenty of training opportunity, company culture is OK, promotion is not easy though","Modeling Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 18, 2018","4.0"
"Too Long Ago","My time at this bank was over 20 years ago. This gap in time makes my comments about the firm no longer meaningful. I did enjoy my time there and would recommend it to others.","Primarily accounting manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15265","May 18, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent Team Environment","When in the proper environment with a strong team, this job can be competitive, but collaborative and fun! The universal model that this bank is shifting towards gives a great opportunity to advance sales, but can be difficult when having to focus on teller capabilities too. Overall, the team environment is a make or break topic as far as hitting your incentives.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","May 17, 2018","5.0"
"Honestly a great company","The resources and training given to employees for the opportunity to advance their knowledge and career is very well conducted. The department leads and mangers are mostly really good people who want you to succeed and will work with you on whatever you care to improve upon. The company has a great culture inclusive of all people and backgrounds.","Trust Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 17, 2018","4.0"
"nice working environment,","My front desk receptionist position was okay. They wanted me to help with insurance calls on their financed equipment, but I was not fully trained and they claimed they were short staffed. I finally told them I did not feel comfortable making these calls as I did not know what I was suppose to be requesting and when asked questions from agents, I really didn't know what to say.","Front Desk","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 17, 2018","3.0"
"OK bank to work for","Pay was good. Management was OK, but they didn't communicate well with us. Too many meetings and not enough tellers to cover on busy days. Goals were fair.","SR BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Fair Haven, NJ","May 17, 2018","3.0"
"Fun and productive place to work which compensated me well","A typical day at work for me consisted of being on the phones with my customers internal and external. I learned about the home preservation programs which were created to assist customers with staying in their homes. My Manager was extremely knowledgeable about the Mortgage loan servicing process and investor guidelines. My manager was helpful not just to me but any departments. The culture was diverse. The hardest part of my job was delivering foreclosure sales to customers and the most enjoyable part of work was advising borrowers of their approval for hone retention options.","single point of contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 16, 2018","4.0"
"Fast-paced and demanding","This position required a lot of research and resolution of customer issues with very structured deadlines.This position in highly regulated to ensure customer needs were met.","Excellent Servicing Solutions Rep II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 16, 2018","5.0"
"stable worplace, little room for advancement"," this bank is a good company to work for however there is little room for advancement. I often did not feel valued or supported by management. There was little recognition for exceptional performance.","Agency Performance Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 16, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work","I loved working at this bank, the managers were great at teaching you to be a better employee, co-workers shared best practices that would help everyone out, some managers would create a fun and competitive atmosphere, be prepared though to deal with aggressive and unfriendly customers every now and then, they would say terrible things over the phone","Core consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 15, 2018","5.0"
"Excellent company","I loved working at this bank until I became disabled. However; there computer systems and programs were unable to allow the use of speak to type programs such as Dragon, etc. accommodations required to meet my disability requirements or reduced hours. Therefore, I was unable to return. In addition, after being LTD, there was no current job opening in my department.","Senior collateral Underwriter","Former Employee","Virtual","May 15, 2018","4.0"
"customer care center","It was an exceptional workplace. youthful. The customer care center in Kalamazoo is a great place to work.I would recommend it to others looking for a position in banking.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 14, 2018","5.0"
"Job security is good","Is a good place to work. The chance for advancement is great if you are willing to work hard. Great benefit which is hard to find these days. Hardest part of the job is doing straight data entry for 8 to 9 hours a day.","Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 14, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to work","I would recommend this bank to any and everyone. A great environment to work in. Great benefits- 401K, pension, healthcare ect. Management guides you without micro managing.","Sales Administrator","Current Employee","Los Angeles, CA","May 14, 2018","5.0"
"Customer Service Representative","Inbound calls 70-100 calls per day Service customers and resolve issues Multitasking is in high demand in this positionThe hardest part can be dealing with irate customers constantly (it can be very mentally draining)Always room for advancement or working in a different departmentThe company hires internally first The pay is good to start- plenty of opportunity for raises Incentive bonuses We receive benefits at a discounted rate I gave a 3, because frontline agents can be borderline verbally abused by customers-- we cannot disconnect the line30 minute lunches- pack your lunch to maximize your timescheduled adherence is strict, not much room for errorssometimes I feel my position is based on quantity not the quality of the work","Technical Support","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 14, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Taught Me A Lot","I learned so much while working at this bank. I traveled a lot with my job. I gained so much experience and I am grateful. I recommend this bank for job seekers. It is a great place to work.","Senior Auditor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 13, 2018","5.0"
"Don't work there","They fired me for being a Veteran. Couldn't prove it of course. But that is the only reason possible as last I heard, they were still using my code. Additionally, they primarily hire non-Americans to write critical code that can't go more than a month before having a Sev 1 failure.","Software Engineer - Senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2018","1.0"
"flexible with school scheduke"," this bank is a good place to work while you are in school, most departments you can make your weekly schedule so it makes it flexible. The breaks are short and the calls can be very stressful. However, the pay is pretty good.","Core Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 12, 2018","3.0"
"OK place to work, but Mgr was no help","Not a bad company to work for, but there was a lot of manager turnover. The systems were in place, but processing was not very efficient. The regional manager resigned a few weeks prior to me and the branch manager resigned the same day I did.","MLO","Former Employee","Bellevue, WA","May 11, 2018","3.0"
"Good people","A nice place to work, great colleagues. The interview process was short and was offered the job within a week. this bank is also customer friendly, making sure that its products are matched to its customers financial needs.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","May 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work","The company is a great place to work. They allow you to grow and advance within the organization and provide continuing education. Salary and benefits are great.","Multiple positions within Branch","Former Employee","Brighton, MI","May 10, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company and Workplace","Hard to move up because of all the outside hires. Although trained and has the abilities to do what they ask, opportunities are limited due to whatever reason. Seems to be a bit of favoritism.","BSSA","Current Employee","Irondale, AL","May 10, 2018","3.0"
"very stressful","An average day at this bank can be very stressful. Very high pace work load but over all the daily & at times hourly changes can be a bit much but it was nothing that I couldn't handle. I am a very happy and cheery person and some seem to be annoyed with that. What I enjoyed about the job was my customers and servicing them to the best of my ability","Consumer Support Spoc Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 10, 2018","5.0"
"Looking for new possibilities.","I am a hard worker, with many years of experience. I manage my team and help when needed with other teams in our department. Learned many different products within the International department, including Export and Import Letters of Credits and documentary collections. Looking for new possibilities.","Officer","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","May 10, 2018","4.0"
"Cool place"," this bank has been a cool place to work. I've been there for almost 23 years. The only issue that I've noticed is lack of diversity in upper management. That and the raises aren't much to be desired.","Bank Corporate Actions Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 10, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful"," this bank is a great job, but it can be extremely stressful. The company is very big on micromanaging, and for some job security is not certain. There are great networking opportunities.","BBC Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 9, 2018","3.0"
"Don't apply for the operations specialist position","The operations specialist/associate position was extremely stressful!! I was being micromanaged everyday. It is a fast paced production environment and it would be more beneficial if the managers didn't hover over you while you're working it's ridiculous. I would've preferred the ability to focus on doing my job. If you enjoy stress, your breaks and bathroom breaks timed to the last second, and micromanagement this job is for you! I feel so much better now that I no longer work there.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 9, 2018","2.0"
"They really take care of you"," this bank takes great care of their employees, one of the few companies that still over pension plans. However, they are also the lowest paying financial institution on the market.","Teller","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","May 9, 2018","5.0"
"A good place to start your banking career"," this bank provides a very extensive training program to help build knowledge and gain an understanding of Bank Regulations. There is limited room for advancement which makes it a good place to start your career.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","May 8, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful"," this bank, when hiring tellers, should let interviewees know that they are basically being hired to sell and telemarket. If you reach your goals you're told to do more. If you don't meet your goals you will be disciplined or they will find reasons to replace you. Teller skills are not at the top of their list of requirement. It's all about the sales. Even if you get a decent immediate manager, the upper management can be brutal.","Teller","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","May 7, 2018","1.0"
"Good company, if you're in Pittsburgh"," this bank is definitely a super regional bank. Despite their numerous acquisitions and forays into the national market, they remain a Midwest Bank in approach. Croneyism exists in large measure, and senior leaders rise directly from that small corridor that exists between Pittsburgh-Cleveland-Philadelphia. Their Southeast US operations never received the full attention and energy needed to succeed and will retain its 1-2% market share perpetually.","Senior Healthcare Business Banker","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","May 7, 2018","4.0"
"Management Structure","The management structure needs some work, or at least that what seems to be the case on my department. Each department seems to work as their own island, governed by the head of the department.","Technical Writer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 6, 2018","4.0"
"Overall a good company to work for","good company to work for, pay was on a bit low side, management is understanding, people work together well, location I worked at was in suburbs, low customer flow,","Any position","Former Employee","Homer Glen, IL","May 6, 2018","4.0"
"The Good and The Bad","Some of the managers are full of ego but the others are great. The salary is NOT nearly enough for the amount of stress and difficult customers you have to deal with, let alone a living wage. Yes, the health insurance, discounts, and the few paid days off are great. If they were to up the hourly wage to at least $16 the jobs would be worth it.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 5, 2018","3.0"
"worst place i ever worked","After being an analyst for several years elsewhere, I made the sad mistake of going to this bank. This was now for me several years ago and I am still scarred by the experience.","Performance Reporting Analyst","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","May 5, 2018","1.0"
"Job Shop","Massive work area - a lot of space. Heavy workload. Direct manager was excellent. Fast paced. Disappointing customers when appraisals were not signed off on. Working with customers","Senior Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2018","3.0"
"Great For Someone With A Family","This job offers great benefits and a lot of advancement opportunities. The pay is great , even as a part time employee I had full time hours. The hours are fixed so you always know which hours your working.","Teller","Former Employee","Bedford, OH","May 5, 2018","4.0"
"Some areas are better than others....","There are some great aspects to working for this company -- some locations offer casual attire and some business units are permitted to WFH, with reasonable limitations when you do WFH. You get to work with a wide array of people across locations - which is both challenging and interesting. There is talk about 'challenging the status quo' but should you levy a challenge it is often not well received. There is frequent change of leadership with in the teams - which is disruptive and prevents continuity. They do have a liberal internal job posting practice, but moving with in can be challenging. Despite qualifications for open positions. hiring is based more on who you know than what you know - which is extremely discouraging. I feel there is not a gender pay gap at this company. The pay grades and comp structure is based on the job - not who fulfills it. Which is a plus! The typical work day is filled with conference calls. Some of which are helpful, others that are not a good use of ones time. Health benefits are not great. Plans have a high deductible and out of pocket expenses. They are generous with vacation time, etc. After you meet a required time of service you can even purchase another weeks vacation. Most managers are accommodation with Dr's appts etc. For those considering working here, i would ask questions during the interview process and make sure you are comfortable before you accept any offers. If you want to achieve a certain level, career wise, ask what you need to do etc. Career path'ing is NOT a strong point at this company. They consider-more...","Operations Manager II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 4, 2018","3.0"
"Bad just bad","The company dose not give annual raises unless your perfect they never promote from with in. They don't care about their employees I was verbally abused by my trainer and was told that's just how she is and to deal with it","Personal banker","Former Employee","Mentor, OH","May 3, 2018","1.0"
"overall a good place to work","thought that the grass looked greener but was wrong, should have stayed with the organization. Good pay with opportunity to grow from within. Although management could use a little help they seem to be getting better","Accounts receivable expert","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","May 3, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place","I have enjoyed working for this bank! They are a great company to work for with tons of room to grow. We have a great 401K plan, and benefits. Along with locations all over the US","Investment Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 3, 2018","5.0"
"valuable experience","counting large sums of money, depositing customer money and checks, selling credit management was very knowledgeable and helpful the workplace culture was happy and team like the hardest part of the job was business banking the most enjoyable part was the family like atmosphere","Retail Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 2, 2018","5.0"
"Typical large regional bank","Typical large regional bank - a lot of policies and rules to follow, customer service driven, plenty of different opportunities to pursue, benefits are decent, compensation is average, results driven atmosphere","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 2, 2018","4.0"
"Back Up Daycare for Employees","The one thing I loved about this bank was there was a back up daycare at my location. I was able to bring my child/children to the day care in an emergency, such as current school being closed. Camps in the summer was very convenient as well.","Learning Coordinator and Program Session Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 2, 2018","2.0"
"Typical Bank","There is a lot of brown nosing in this company. its not what you know but who you know when it comes to advancement but other than that its a decent company to work for. this bank stands behind its brand and is about giving great customer service. if you're good with people this may be the job for you","Branch Service Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore County, MD","May 1, 2018","4.0"
"Do not fall for their promises","Micromanagement at its best. All about sales and numbers at the end of the day, despite what they tell you. If you are a seasoned banker, stay away from them. this bank wants inexperienced people so they can mold them into what they think a banker should be. They do not value experience. Pay is woefully short compared to their competitors. They think their process is the end all to be all. If there is a problem, they believe the people are the problem and not their process. Very arrogant bank.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","May 1, 2018","1.0"
"nice people","Nice people but very sales orientated lot of pressure to sale felt like I was attacking people everyday with the same questions and offers even if they say no it is expected to ask over and over again.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lusby, MD 20657","May 1, 2018","3.0"
"This location.. All fun and games","This location was all fun and games, did not take there work seriously which made my position hard as I was looking for a career and not a job. I thought this bank was a successful company and hired people that wanted to be successful as well.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Maplewood, MO","April 30, 2018","1.0"
"Check your personality at the door.","If you are part of the clique - you are golden. Don't come in here trying to be an individual. this bank is all about metrics but does little to nothing with anything it encounters that does not go along with the current storyline.","Loan Administrator","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 30, 2018","1.0"
"Good local company","Good benefits. I did not work with this company long enough to give any thought to a review. It helped prepare me for what I needed. It's nice that it's a local company and you have opportunities to move to all different departments.","Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2018","5.0"
"Laid back place to work","Customer service focus, typical day on auto dialer taking outbound and incoming calls fast pace enviorment. Good culture base, enjoyable part of the job was to satisfy the customer, to reach your goals in regards to montior requirments within the calls. What I learned was how to handle irate callers as well as being a teamplayer, how to stay customer focus and friendly at the same time.","Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2018","3.0"
"xcelant place to work","I am very luck working with this bank Bless by God such a nice team my manager my coworker every body even my customers my Regional My mentors my faciliters every one. Good place to work.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","581 steltonrd Piscataway NJ 08854","April 29, 2018","5.0"
"helped me learn how to problem solve with fast pace work environment.","remain confident in a fast intense work environment. if there was any simple questions you would have to self problem solve. very diverse workplace. i enjoyed employee appreciation week.","customer service rep","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2018","3.0"
"Flexible work environment, but there are trade-offs","There are pluses and minuses to working at this bank. Positives - flex schedule and work from home, Negative - heavy outsourcing with sub-par quality workers, heavy process, and slow to implement. If you work here, expect heavy process and strict procedures, many constraints to performing your job, mass approvals needed for just about everything, and an 'over-the-top' amount of required documentation. The approval process is so heavy that it loses the intent, i.e., approvers select 'approved' without reviewing. The company tries to cut costs by outsourcing to OffShore and OnShore (non-US citizen) resources, but quality suffers. Cultural differences are apparent in quality of work, work ethic, and efficiency. Projects take an unreasonable amount of time to complete, and end up being costly. I wish upper management would understand that they are losing quality employees to less qualified, and less dedicated employees. The non-US contracted resources are initially less expensive, but end up costing the company and shareholders much more. On the up-side, the company tries to institute a work-life balance during the holidays, and avoids scheduling production deployments during these times. The work from home option is wonderful. It saves on commute time, and provides a quieter environment to work.","Technology Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great workplace","Great work place. Great management. Flexible schedule/hours. Can do part time/full time. Good for high school graduates. Many branch locations. Many positions available for advancement.","Teller","Former Employee","Sterling, VA","April 27, 2018","4.0"
"Worked from home"," this bank was a part time home job that I worked from home. I loved the clients and the job but this bank would never allow full time for that position. I learned a lot about online banking which helped me in my personal banking. Management changed a lot so sometimes you did not know who to call on if you needed help or had a question.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 27, 2018","3.0"
"Its Ok","Its a typical banking environment however, moving up in the company is is not the easiest of task. Also, the compensation is not the best. The area I worked in was also not the best","Customer Services Rep","Former Employee","Decatur, GA","April 25, 2018","4.0"
"Part-Time Teller","Being a teller was interesting. You get the opportunity to know your customers who most of time are regulars of the bank you are assigned to. Then, you get the opportunity to be a floater - which mean you are assigned to another bank to work if needed.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","April 25, 2018","5.0"
"Great place just wished paid more","Enjoyed working at this bank. Had pretty set schedule and office environment was nice. however, didn't like low pay and difficult to advance within your local branch.","Teller","Former Employee","Huber Heights, OH","April 25, 2018","4.0"
"productive work place environment, good co-workers","Was a great place to learn the work place environment of a large corporation. It was a fast place with high demands of the people who worked there. Very rewarding.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 24, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed workimg in the Operations Center - back office banking.","Worked for this bank in their Operations Center for roughly 11 years. Overall a very good experience. Management was fair and very interested in employee satisfaction. Seemed they fell behind a bit technologically, but were taking steps to catch up. Salary was very fair and health benefits were adequate.","Commercial","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 24, 2018","4.0"
"No career advancement, low pay, and undervalued","It's impossible to move up, the pay does not cover cost of living, and they don't really care about you at all. Every day is the same and very boring. If you're boring, this company is for you. If you're willing to just settle for a comfortable job because 'at least you'll have a job,' this company is for you, if you're looking to be broke and not take nice vacations, get a job here. If you like to struggle to save money, get a job here. If you want terrible health insurance and love medical bills, this bank is just for you.","Fraud Investigator","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 24, 2018","1.0"
"N/a","great company for consumers, very technology advanced. Not good pay for the amount of stress and legal things that you deal with. Not good enough pay for the amount of work that you do","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Maineville, OH","April 24, 2018","3.0"
"Sad to see company chang","Used to be a great company. It's not as great as before. Low salaries and only new employees will get more money but then once they are here they are stuck. Lots of cliques","Client Solutions Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 23, 2018","3.0"
" this bank","Great place to work especially when you have a family. Pay is low for price of living. they have advancement opportunities. Sales oriented culture. overall good","Banker","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 23, 2018","5.0"
"Productive place to work","Overall people are good to work with. A lot of red tape to get jobs accomplished. Impossible to get raise. Overall seem to take care of employees for long term. A lot of 20 year and longer employees.","Treasury Management Officer - Vice President","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 23, 2018","4.0"
"Review","The job was through an agency and i was not picked up by the company. I enjoyed working for the company but the training process was not there. Thank you","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 22, 2018","3.0"
"Enjoyed working with all my co-workers","Was a small town bank until this bank bought them, so I knew some of the customers that came in already. I really enjoyed working with the public nd always have.","part time Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, OH","April 22, 2018","5.0"
"I worked at branch level through out my career at this bank. The branch environment is fun to work with.","Having a good relationship with immediate managers, peers and team will make a difference . Employees get opportunities to learn and grow within the branch setting.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 22, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to work and learn about banking","It was a nice place to learn about banking. Not fast paced at all and the managers and crew were nice enough to help you out when you needed it. The clients were also nice and most were regulars that you got to know after a while","Branch Service and Sales Representative","Current Employee","Gainesville, FL","April 22, 2018","5.0"
"work load","Work load to high and not enough people to cover shifts and every thing has to be done like yesterday in this environment. everything is in high demand and upper management don't care about new Ideal and technology that is out there. they always shut down your ideals for in this company to grow and evolve. security is so high you cant work.","IT Field Technician 2","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 21, 2018","2.0"
"Great company","I absolutely loved working for this bank. The only reason I left is that I was presented with an opportunity making substantially more money without the hour long commute. Have every intention of re-applying there during my job search.","Process Manager","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 19, 2018","5.0"
"Relexed place to work for","worked in trading room sending wires to buy trades and received wires in for selling it was nice company to work for was laid off for down sizing ..","Trader Assistant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 19, 2018","4.0"
"Competitive sales driven family","Your Typical 9-5 costumer service/ Sales job. Teaches you compassion but it helps if you can discern the truth. Management is active in your development and actively foster a type of workplace family culture. The hardest part of the job is dealing with costumers but it can also be the best.","Banker","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 17, 2018","4.0"
"Rhayshar Lane","Typical day at work: Morning log-in, work is distributed each hour. What I learned: I learned a lot in this role, my training was excellent . Management: excellent . culture was good. No hard parts to the job, just come into work, focus on my training and make sure I am not making errors. enjoyable part is working with a supportive team","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15219","April 17, 2018","4.0"
"This was an entry level job.","Banking gave me the experience to enter the work force. Training was quick with precision. Overall, progress and advancement was very very slow. There were challenges and skills acquired in cash and fraud management where I performed very well and even above the call of duty.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","April 17, 2018","5.0"
"Professional working surroundings","Great place to work!! Always learning new things on a day to day basis. Friendly staff and customers. I got to dress professionally everyday and work in a very clean environment which was a big change from my last job.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Bentleyville, PA","April 16, 2018","5.0"
"Decent workplace","It's a good workplace. However, be prepared to be micromanaged. There are constant sales goals to meet and your manager will expect you to always stay proactive to meet those goals.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","April 16, 2018","4.0"
"Management","I worked for this bank for almost 5 yrs, the first 3 yrs were awesome and then I got a new manager and everything went down hill. I saw 20-25 people come and go during that almost 2 yr period. I kept saying that I was going to leave, until one day they made my decision for me. I miss the customers the most. I now know that politics and loyalty cannot exist in a working environment. I wish management knew that.","Senior Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New Berlin, WI","April 16, 2018","2.0"
" this bank","I enjoyed working for this bank. The training was extensive in the Loan Solutions department, but the training in the Sanction Screening department was more of a self-taught situation.","Real Time Sanction Screening Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 14, 2018","4.0"
"you get out what you put in","too big. good room for advancement if you know people. They paid for my education but wouldn't give me a job in the field they sent me to school for.","Reporting Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company","Very friendly management. Everyone seemed to get along and like to work together. Team-lead always had my back and departments got along well. Didn't have to be afraid to ask questions or ask for help/training. I miss working there.","Packaging Coordinator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 13, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and well managed company","I loved working at this bank Financial Services. Excellent executive management. Good management training available and required. Good place to develop your career. Collaborative, fun, hard working environment","Loan Documentation Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 13, 2018","4.0"
"Customer Care Center is Cancer","Customer care center should have been a path to other positions within the company. You learn a lot about banking here and deal with customer over the phone, but the care center is dead end position. You can advance within the telephone center but outside of that it's impossible. You are on a tight schedule as they monitor your work time on the phone. And when I had scheduled time off to talk with HR, they missed my appointment twice. They offered little more than, 'Oh, I forgot.' I started with a training class of 30 people after 1 year there was 5 of us left. All fired or quit. Sad.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Competitive","Very Competitive environment, pushed to get goals, very stressful working in a 100% commission job, finding clients to sell too, and finding the right customers.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Branch, MI","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Need Moore strategy When it comes to projects","Major issues surrounding operations and systems, need to invest into technology to help reduce long processes and human error. Too many redundancies and lack of vertical alignment in compliance.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 13, 2018","3.0"
"Ability to grow and learn various functions within the company"," this bank at that time was merging with a few banks. I worked through two acquisitions. Work environment was great a real family oriented place to work. My managers were involved with the community and we were kept abreast of services we could implement. The transition became turbulent which lead to a lack in oversight of sustainability in some branches.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 12, 2018","5.0"
"easy as home..","2-3 early morning call per week.. 2-4 interviews per week. 2-5 trouble shootings, including developing new environments and migration to newer versions as well week fixes for various vulnerabilities","Infrastructure Eng","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","April 12, 2018","5.0"
"It's a good place to work if you're just starting.","Banking is good at this bank and working is okay. It's low paying and very dumbed down, but it's a good place to get your foot in the door if you plan to work elsewhere in banking.","Workplace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Clayton, MO","April 12, 2018","4.0"
"good place to work","meet all requirements of the job. meets all deadlines on time. gets along well with all peers. detail orientated. works well without supervision. always on time for work and only takes off on scheduled day. unless illness is scheduled by a doctor","Credit Administrator I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 11, 2018","4.0"
"Likeable","I worked 8 hrs a day, 40 hrs a week. My direct supervisor was great and really helped in any way he could. The pay just wanted competitive enough especially working in town and needing to pay for parking.","Wire Product Client Services","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2018","4.0"
"Changing Culture","Moving toward a micro management culture with high pressure sales. Limited advancement outside of retail. Branch daily life is focused on sales activities and setting appointments with existing clients.","Vice President","Current Employee","Leonia, NJ","April 10, 2018","3.0"
"job","Like transferring to their data to new computers. Make sure they all their data and able to login have access all their application. Great people to work with","desktop Migration","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","April 10, 2018","1.0"
"Very Friendly Work environment"," this bank has a very friendly work environment at least in our Vertical. Managers are open to new ideas and designs which makes sense for the bank. Good Work life balance.","Senior Data Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2018","4.0"
"Terrible Management","I had the absolute WORST manager I think was even possible. At one point she had told one of the girls that I had worked with that she didn't like her outfit that day and that she looked 'like she belonged on a corner somewhere'. The pay was okay. Nothing special.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 10, 2018","3.0"
"Solid Company - Direction in Retail constantly changing","Overall, a great organization. I think once we determine what direction we want to commit to in terms of the retail platform, we are going to take it to another level..","SVP - Regional Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 10, 2018","4.0"
