2100,"Average Company","This company did not offer enough full time positions at the time I worked there. I was unable to remain with the company on a part time basis. I left company to look for a full time job with benefits.","Figure Settlement Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 20, 2018","3.0"
2101,"Fast-pace experience","Friendly atmosphere, teaching and learning was acquired. The company cared about employees and treated them well. Not much for advancement but paid more.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","September 19, 2018","3.0"
2102,"Bad employee experience","bad company to work for. Poor Management. Micro manage employees. poor technology. too focused on numbers, and promote people without merit. Very bad experience.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","September 19, 2018","1.0"
2103,"Fast paced work environment","Business is high energy and expectations to succeed is very important in this field. Looking for opportunities with every customer to build stronger relationship.","BUSINESS BANKING CENTER BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Towson, MD","September 18, 2018","4.0"
2104,"Micromanage","Since the new management went in to place we are extremely micromanaged. We see no longer a person but a number. They act as if we see robots. The moral of the team is at an all time low.","Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","5.0"
2105,"All in all a good place to start","Not the best job in the world ( i work in the collections department) but benefits are great and pay is good. Paid sick days (6 a year) and vacation (15 days plus one personally day.. which is basically the same thing). Managers are hit or miss however I've worked under three in the department and all have been wonderful and supportive.. the higher up the later of management the less they care about the little guy. If you do your job well and put in your time you can move to other departments that are less stress and better pay. All in all a great place to start in a corporate environment.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 18, 2018","3.0"
2106,"Management is sub par"," this bank is struggling to meet satisfactory ratings with the OCC. As a result the risk program is under constant revamping. Changes occur so frequently it's nearly impossible to keep up. Not enough staff to handle existing workloads.","Risk Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","2.0"
2107,"Great Company to work for","I love working for this bank its a great company to work for its sales oriented but is not hard to do. The management team i had was great and the training is all paid for. The benefits are great the hours are set i cant say anything bad. The only thing i will recommend is if you work in banking you have to move to other branches or other banks if you want to move up advancement within the company is difficult.","TELLER","Current Employee","Canton, OH","September 18, 2018","5.0"
2108,"Great place to work"," this bank is a company that provides excellent benefits and work/life balance. The compensation is fair and management really cares about their employees. I came into the bank with absolutely no experience with banking and this bank gave me all of the tools I needed to learn and excel at my position.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","5.0"
2109,"Productive","Great place to work. Typical day at work start at 8am and work hard until 6pm. The only bad thing is they have yearly layoffs they call reduction of force. I wish they would consider the work one does before just laying off good people.","Asset Manager","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 18, 2018","5.0"
2110,"Decent pay but absolutely awful management","Upper management has no clue the day to day. Often worked till 7pm or later despite branch closing at 5 because in branch manager couldn't finish their daily tasks. Would be forced to take random conference calls during peak hours despite heavy traffic. Turnover is so high other bankers have no clue how to perform their job and management is not willing to train. Often asked to do unethical things.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","September 17, 2018","1.0"
2111,"Good workplace","If you like data entry and sitting for prolonged periods then the job can be rewarding. A typical day is logging in and begin to enter data into database.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 17, 2018","4.0"
2112,"Teller Lead","I was hired for a lead teller role with no background experience in banking. The branch was a large and very fast paced with little down time to solidify skills. Management at specific branch was very relaxed and didn' t always provide support.","Lead","Former Employee","North West PA Market","September 17, 2018","4.0"
2113,"Nice place to work","Nice environment to work in. Management cares about their employees and helps them overcome any issues and succeed. Friendly co-workers and nice work to life balance","Branch Service and Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 16, 2018","4.0"
2114,"Great job","I enjoyed the many facets of this bank. The relationships built there are for a lifetime. They encourage you to find the best job possible within the company.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 14, 2018","5.0"
2115,"Workplace Culture","The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know my coworkers and bank customers as friends. There were challenging people in both areas but were definitely in the minority number wise.","Teller","Former Employee","Shelby Charter Township, MI","September 13, 2018","4.0"
2116,"Work life balance","Great! They have a great work life balance and want to improve you skillsnas you advance in newer positions. this bank is a great place to work. I am trying to get out of the financial industry.","II","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 13, 2018","5.0"
2117,"Fun place to work, flexible hours and in-depth training","Great place to work, flexible work schedule, tuition reimbursement, and incentive plan. Offers in-depth training. Would like to see increase in the tuition reimbursement amount.","Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2018","4.0"
2118,"Would be a better place to work if employees were compensated accordingly."," this bank is a great place to work and learn but the pay does not justify the work load. There are hundreds of employees who leave their positions with this bank because opportunity elsewhere presents itself in form of same work load but significantly higher pay. Management is okay, culture is fine as long as the team meshes well together.","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","Durham, NC","September 13, 2018","2.0"
2119,"this bank career advancement not as good as I had hoped"," this bank says in all of their internal publications that they are trying to give control to the employee to advance their careers. However at the this bank help desk, there is a very limited number of paths to advance your career. It is possible, but not easy and not very much support is provided by management.","Help Desk Administrator I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 13, 2018","2.0"
2120,"decent work experience as long as you are accurate and quick","The pay was better at Midland Loan Services is better than State . The first half of the first year was enjoyable but as the months go by, the expectations rise and there is less room for error. There is some teaching but often the individual is left to figure out issues on their own. The department had a lot of procedures in place but sometimes it was hard to follow and there was some inconsistencies among different senior employees so it made it harder to know what to do in certain instances. Still, there were trainings and meetings to aid and address the the errors.","Commercial Loan Payoff Analyst I","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 13, 2018","3.0"
2121,"Best Employer"," this bank was probably the best employer I worked for. I worked in the Leadership College of the newly formed Corporate University. I was afforded the opportunity to assist other this bank lines of business with employee development activities and there were always new challenges. I would never have left the company if it wasn't 911 and how the world changed that day. I have a very good Supervisor and the team I worked with was very professional.","Training Project Manager and Corporate Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 12, 2018","5.0"
2122,"My time with this bank was okay","My time with this bank was okay. The environment was very stressful and the employees were not happy in their positions which affected the moral. The starting salary was very low and chances for advancement within the department were low.","Front End Collector","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 12, 2018","3.0"
2123,"Great people to work with"," this bank is a good company to work for. My co-workers were like family. Used to have a lot of incentives for the employees but have currently discontinued them.","Operations Work Lead SR","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 12, 2018","4.0"
2124,"Very high expectations and low salary","I thought I would be at this bank until I retire. Not after I realized that I have hardly rec any raises in the last 4 years. The job is very stressful and very high expectations.","Universal Trainer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 12, 2018","3.0"
2125,"Nice place to work","During my tenure with this bank i enjoyed working with my branch teams. I performed in many capacities from teller, customer service, sales, cold calling via phone.","Customer service Rep","Former Employee","Hiram, GA","September 11, 2018","4.0"
2126,"Not a fair place to work","In the Dallas contractor office in Plano, They cancelled the contract and fired over 20 PMs for something that 3 developers did on their laptops, very unfair!","Project Manager for Cyber Security","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","September 11, 2018","1.0"
2127,"summary"," this bank is a great place to work. There are definitely heavy volume times, but the team always finds a way to get the work done. I do feel as volumes increase that this bank should take a better look at staffing appropriately to handle the increases in volume and additional products being launched that also bring in additional volume to the Line of Business.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","4.0"
2128,"Not a fun place to work","Overall the views and what the company stands for is great, however I never experienced them treating their own employees with a high level of respect, I say some even disrespect others.","BANKING CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Ohio","September 11, 2018","3.0"
2129,"workday","gave room for advancement , had daily meetings and updates, received monthly bonuses,had immediate access to a supervisor if needed. the hardest part of the job like any other customer service is dealing with irate customers.has the freedom of working from home.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
2130,"Great place to work","I started there as a teller and got promoted to an onboarding manager within 11 months. the only reason of relocating was they do not promote anyone before their 1 year of employment is completed.","Teller to Platform Personnel","Former Employee","West Hazleton, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
2131,"Good","Teamwork, integrity and quality of life are just some of the values that our employees demonstrate every day, whether working with peers, listening to customers or volunteering in the community through the various programs and initiatives that they invests in.","Corporate Business Analysis Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
2132,"Great place to work","Professionals, synergy and teamwork abounds here. It's a great place to work ad would still be there if not for some unfortunate behavior of others. Would go back in a second.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2018","5.0"
2133,"good work environment","Everyone is willing to help out. Good environment where I feel welcome and accepted. Job is sometimes challenging but in a good way. Room for growth is good.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 10, 2018","5.0"
2134,"great company"," this bank is very employee driven they go above and beyond for their employees. they really care about family and they thrive for excellence. I honestly love working for thus company. The hardest part would definitely learning all the different procedures.","Branch Sales Associate","Current Employee","Pequannock, NJ","September 10, 2018","5.0"
2135,"this bank Mortgage - Not a fit for me"," this bank as a company has great benefits; Health, dental, vision, HSA, 401k, vacation time and sick pay. The mortgage industry can be very stressful. After an annual review, the raise was very minimal and less than 2% when meeting all expectations. Management lacks communication, micromanaging has significantly increased. The required 'minimum' for the daily job is highly unobtainable. The amount of knowledge that is expected to perform the daily job, in addition to the stress of the nature of the position, blinded management, and the lack of compensation I feel is incredibly unfair. Morale is very low, I will admit, each person is accountable to uplift themselves and others, but this bank puts full responsibility of this on their employees, There are no, to maybe very tiny attempts from a 'corporation' to value their employees.","Customer Support Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2018","3.0"
2136,"poor work vs life balance","I was told when I took this position that I would be required to work every other Saturday. I was scheduled to work every Saturday for the duration of my employment. The training was inconsistent. The management was inconsistent.","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Former Employee","Saint Charles, MO","September 10, 2018","2.0"
2137,"management"," this bank offers a good work/life balance. The folks working at this bank are good people and try hard. Overall, not a bad place to work - pay is not overly competitve with rest of industry.","Site Sales Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 10, 2018","3.0"
2138,"Low pay for the level of responsibility","Low pay for the level of responsibility. You were second in charge after the branch manager, shouldn't the pay reflect that? Branch Manager made the workplace very toxic.","Branch Sales and Service Associate III","Former Employee","Rockingham, NC","September 10, 2018","3.0"
2139,"Unfinished","I worked in the corporate office downtown and as never able to get to the real point of me being hired. I had editing their level four policy with a mentor but wasn't able to interview managers to figure out procedures, write those procedures, and then create a document that would be used to train people. The powers that be saw that a red flag from an audit had been fixed and decided to let all the temp employees go. That shouldn't have included me because the others were data entry, and yet I was let go, as well. We were placed in an old server room in the very center of the floor, so it was closed off and freezing. We were given leave to do whatever we wanted throughout the day as long as we got the immediate responsibilities done. I didn't feel like a proper employee of the place because of being both isolated and almost alienated.","Documentation Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2018","2.0"
2140,"Summary","A very nice group of professionals. It was not what I expected after being hired. The support training that I needed was not available and took to long to materialize.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Sarasota, FL","September 9, 2018","3.0"
2141,"It's a numbers game."," this bank will teach you about the 'conversation' but in reality it is a waste of time with constant double entry of information and debriefs that might as well not use a computer. The incentives are a joke and upper management pretend to say we aren't Wells Fargo. However, the constant nick-picking and lobby engagement doesn't allow us to do our job properly. For a conservative bank, they act surprised when 70% of the credit card apps get declined and you punish your loyal clients and reward the ones that don't manage their funds properly. You don't get paid all that well and the retention is horrible. This is why this bank offers 'bonuses' to try to keep you to stay on for just one more year as they suck your will to survive.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","September 9, 2018","1.0"
2142,"Marketing & tools lacking","products don't meet all client segmentations and are not competitive in the market place. client website offers a good tools for clients but like many firms it is a widget environment.","Private Client Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 8, 2018","3.0"
2143,"Customer Service has very little flexibility","You are clocked with everything you do on the computer. Every second you're not 'auto in' they subtract that from your schedule adherence. Realistically you have about 30 minutes to be out of adherence. They really stress being in adherence. Although you cant just end a call when you want so one long complicated call could easily put you out of adherence. You have two 15 minute breaks, but again a call can easily go all the way through that break. You then have to decide whether to take that break and risk not being in adherence for the day. So you could realistically be taking calls for 4 hours straight if you have a call that takes up your whole break. Got to go to the bathroom, thats going to be counted against your schedule adherence if you cant hold it until your lunch or regular break. Hardest part of the job is having talks with customer who have no money, no concept of personal finance, and they are only calling in because they don't understand why they have over a hundred dollars in Overdraft fees. We are supposed to educated them on how to prevent that from happening, and offer solutions for the future, but most of these people just want to argue and want the non-refundable fees refunded. Best part, there is an employee appreciation week with games, food , and you get to interact with the upper management. Also, there are some really nice people and sweet old ladies that call in, but thats not the majority of the calls unfortunately. Overall, its a great way to get your foot in the door to a great company, and can really help you get experience for your resume - more...","Call Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2018","4.0"
2144,"What I Learned","I learned I am not a salesperson. This is a very competitive sales role and this bank expects you to wring referrals and account/investment openings from nowhere. Sell, sell, sell. Well I am more for protecting my customers' well-being so I tried to give them good advice, not up-sell them at every turn. Therefore I could not get transferred/promoted and got the minimal raise at the start of the year.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 7, 2018","3.0"
2145,"'Okay' Position","If you want good work/life balance do not work in a this bank in-store setting. You will work weekends and holidays. The bonus structure is based on credits and you get paid one percent for each of those credits. The salary is significantly lower than most banks and credit unions.","Financial Advisor and Sales Representative","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","September 7, 2018","3.0"
2146,"Loved my co-workers, did not like certain manager","I did not like a certain manager and I got stuck working with her for the last 3-4 months of my employment with them. This was after I was transferred from a branch that I loved without any say so from me.","teller","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","September 7, 2018","2.0"
2147,"Ability to work Remote","Management is good. Bonuses are not as easy to obtain as explained but if in the right situation they are obtainable. I love being able to work from home and have the ability to start work at 9am. No overtime is a blessing and a curse.","Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 7, 2018","5.0"
2148,"Great culture for a commercial bank environment"," this bank is a great Bank to work for and they are much more people centric than other commercial banks. Management takes a keen interest in your development and advancement.","Underwriter","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","September 7, 2018","5.0"
2149,"Regional Leadership/ Work Culture"," this bank has the potential to be a great place work. However, in the past 2 years there's been an extreme lack of leadership resulting in a very high level of turnover. I mastered many skills, and enjoyed the opportunity to grow client relationships, but the focus changed in to a more micro managed, sales oriented environment, where the branch manager's had little lead way to make judgment decisions in the best interest of the team, or clients. The Region's Leaders don't care about the branch employee's. There were many days they would enter the branch, and not speak to the staff. That in itself makes one feel unappreciated, and devalued. A main reason for the increase, and loss of many valued, tenor employees due to the ability to break down the regions morale. The benefits are okay along with the chance to earn incentive bonus. Communication which is one of the company's core values was almost nonexistent. Sometime new hires aren't given a fair chance at proper training, and advancement depends on who you are, Overall this bank is a good company when led by consistent, strong, management. Loyal employees create loyal client relationships.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 6, 2018","3.0"
