"High turn over rate","A lot of people started to leave once they changed their compensation plans. this bank Mortgage changes their compensation plans all to often, along with withdrawal requirement.","Consumer Direct","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 14, 2017","1.0"
"Learning experience","The customers are your most important part of your day. Excellent customer service. If they are happy with your service everything else just falls in place","Bank Teller","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","February 14, 2017","4.0"
"Business and Sales workplace","Working for this bank has taught me a lot about money management and being able to help the customers as well. As a teller our job is to also meet certain sales goals.","Vault Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 14, 2017","3.0"
"Not many employees like working for this bank","I never got the feeling that anyone actually knew what they were supposed to be doing at this bank. Not sure if this is because the constant cost cutting or because of the mergers of 08-09. This made most people stressed out. The benefits and vacation were pretty good.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 14, 2017","1.0"
"its ok","CIQ is the most important factor!! you have to up-sell every single customer.. they pay you 8 dollars and 50 cent starting as a teller!! you however do get a home life","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 14, 2017","2.0"
"Good learning experience","I overall approve working for this company. You learn a lot about money management and up-keeping customer's financial well being","Teller Lead","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 13, 2017","4.0"
"They don't care about their employees","The customers were great and the other teller was wonderful, higher management sucks and they do not care about their employees at all.","Teller","Former Employee","Bay Minette, AL","February 13, 2017","1.0"
"Work Life Baance is high quality","Company is employee friendly and believes in quality of life and a true work life balance, Employee development is encouraged and supported at all levels. Each employee is provided the opportunity to do their best each day","Private Client Group Team Leader","Current Employee","Camp Hill, PA","February 13, 2017","5.0"
"Filled with intelligent, diverse employees. Loved this work!","I thoroughly enjoyed working at this bank Mortgage, but there was no room for advancement for me there. My co-workers were intelligent people who were kind and so much fun. My Operations Manager was awesome.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","February 12, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","great place to work, i love it there.","Teller","Current Employee","Bedminster, NJ","February 12, 2017","5.0"
"Good Benefits","Have worked at this bank for five years as a Personal Banker ( Branch Sales and Services Associate). Great benefits including 401k, Pension and HSA Opportunity to build a good book of business and make bonus's as well Good company to work for with ongoing training and opportunity to grow into other areas if desired.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Lebanon, IN","February 12, 2017","4.0"
"Fulfilling and challenging career"," this bank is a great place to be employed. You have so many opportunities for advancement. There is great training involved and you get to work with a lot of amazing people while helping customers with there every day banking needs.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 11, 2017","5.0"
"Respectable place to work at. It takes hardwork and teamwork to survive here.","The boss will appreciate and reward extra hours and efforts that you put into work. Its very enjoyable yet the most challenging place I've worked at. It was worth it.","Loan Closing Associate","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 10, 2017","4.0"
"Exciting and Productive work enviroment"," this bank management works with their employees on the daily. From the moment you are hired management begins to assist you with your future goals with the company giving their employees the opportunity to advance. Management is also very cooperative with school schedules, therefore if you going to school while working on moving up in the company this is a great place to be.","Teller","Former Employee","Normal, IL","February 10, 2017","5.0"
"Great medical benefits, relaxed atmosphere."," this bank is a great place to work. They are flexible with your hours and you can also work from home. Their benefits package is top notch. What didn't work for me was that my entire team was located out of state, so I didn't have the daily face-to-face interaction with them that you would normally have with a location-centric team. They do have a company shuttle that goes to Pittsburgh. Even though it didn't work out for me, I would highly recommend them as an employer.","Quality Assurance Analyst II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 10, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent Bank and Company to work for","Excellent brand recognition on the Atlantic Coast as well as Western PA. Highly respected and consumer driven retail branch network with a focus on customer needs.","Recruiter","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 10, 2017","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Great company to work for. Work Life Balance is great. Take the time to develop employees. Can advance in career quickly. 401K is good. Benefits are good. Tuition Reimbursement","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 9, 2017","4.0"
"Great","Great place to work and great management team, Everyone I work with is very supportive. I enjoy coming to work every day. I honestly learn something new every day.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Michigan","February 9, 2017","5.0"
"Good bank to work for","Company offers growth within the company, benefits are good. Everyone within the bank are team players, always professional and assertive. Overall it's a great bank to work for!","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New York, NY","February 8, 2017","5.0"
"Great Work Place","Great Work Place, environment was productive. Great management team. Great pay. Most enjoyable part of the job was working around different customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Absecon, NJ","February 8, 2017","5.0"
"Great corporate company but retail banking is lacking"," this bank is an advanced company with great benefits. The pay is very low in comparison with other banks and for what you are expected to do. It is a pushy sales environment because that is the only way employees can make any extra money. The benefits are great except for the health insurance. The sales nature of the business puts employees in competitive situations which causes a lot of drama in the branches. People are fighting over referrals and doing unethical things to make more money. Management encourages this because their bonus is based off of the branches referrals. The managers are not qualified. Just because you have a degree does not mean that you are a good leader. The turnover rate would be lower if they actually invested in their employees. But you can't do that when the branches are always short staffed because they don't pay enough.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Manteo, NC","February 8, 2017","2.0"
"Great Place to Work","i learned a lot about Customer Service. i learned how to different with various personalities while working at this bank. this bank also offered a lot of opportunities for advancement.","Customer Service Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 8, 2017","4.0"
"i have nothing to say","the job was great, regular working hrs. Day or nights hrs will vary btw to shifts 8-5pm or 12-9pm. this job consist on an hourly pay and there is commission involved if production is met. NO HARD PART. unless you don't like talking on the phne. Managements awesome. they are there to help you move forward.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 8, 2017","4.0"
"Easy going Environment but with no Pay Raises EVER"," this bank is more interested in their efficiency ratio than in retaining their employees. There are no inflationary raises and barely every merit raises. You will be looking at less than inflation, unless you are in a selling role.","Financial Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 7, 2017","3.0"
"better than average","While the overall organization is better than most big banks there have been multiple compensation changes and downsizings in the last year.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 7, 2017","3.0"
"Engaging, client centric enviroment."," this bank is a very strong company with a solid foundation for building and developing leaders. A very engaging, client centric environment that fosters creativity.","Sales Performance and Service Excellence Leader","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 7, 2017","5.0"
"Balance","Working for this bank was good for the most part, I think every job will not be that perfect job, but you take the good with the bad, look forward and not back, do your job to the best of your ability.","Accounts Payable Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 7, 2017","3.0"
"People Who Care But Are Not Cared For","Work life balance is miserable, the department is under-staffed, pay is too low to incentivize people to stay, trainers are overwhelmed with constant new hires and floor-level managers are far more stressed than they should be because upper management keeps pushing for them to have good performance despite their undertrained staff. Training timetables are repeatedly rolled back to have enough people on the phones and it noticeably affects the quality of the work. The incentive to perform is based on avoiding things you will be punished for rather than bonuses for meeting or beating goals. Again, the pay for the work is laughable, there are factory jobs in town requiring no computer skills or extensive training that pay as much or better than this position. Upper management is utterly unwilling to invest in the base-pay and number of staff necessary to keep the call center operating as intended. If you're going to be temporarily 'stuck' someplace it's better than a minimum wage job, by far, but for any kind of substantive, appreciable career-type job it falls depressingly short as an employer. Everyone in town seems to know someone who worked there, and they do, because the rate of turnover is so high just about everyone in town -has- worked there. A better place to be from than to be at.","Detection and Investigation Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2017","2.0"
"Overall veiw","Really good company to be employed with. They are very conservative in some areas of the company. As a Bank they do not take a lot of risk when it comes to advancing and staying up to date with technology.","Vice President","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 6, 2017","3.0"
"Company Culture Lacking/ Unable to Retain Talent","Culture of the company in Florida branches needs vast improvement if they wish to keep talent. My experience was not enjoyable working for this bank, and I hope they can find more empathetic leaders in the Florida area.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Melbourne, FL","February 6, 2017","2.0"
"Room for Advancement","Great company to work for if your looking to get experience in banking and finance. this bank offers room for advancement if you work hard enough and are willing to put in the work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 6, 2017","5.0"
"Good Place to Work","If you work hard, you can advance in your career. Company focuses on Work life Balance and Diversity. Company has a lot of programs and training to assist you in your career development.","Risk Management","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","February 5, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place","Great place to work. Ability to work well with others and grow within the company. Hours were great and willing to work overtime too. Enjoyed working with all the people that I was managing","CSA - Teller","Former Employee","Ashl","February 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work","This company is great to work for, but I am having trouble finding a way up the ladder. The company does many things for its employees through out the year.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 5, 2017","5.0"
"Some people like working at this bank, and some don't.","In the corporate environment, the higher up you go, the more competitive it gets, even though the company itself tries to promote diversity and recognition. I suppose this could hold true for many companies. I have little knowledge of what working for the retail side of the bank is like, however.","Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 4, 2017","3.0"
"A good place to work for the most part","I was a vault attendant. I had to make sure that our employees had enough money to work with all day and I had to balance the vault daily. I was also a customer service representative assisting our customers with the best service I could give them. Answering questions about their accounts, focusing on giving the customer what they needed most whether it is a up-grade on their checking account, an IRA for the future or just listening to what their needs were. It was a very difficult job at times when we were busy because I needed to be there for the employees not just the customers.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Township of Cranberry, PA","February 4, 2017","3.0"
"Call Center Environment","Call center environment with high turnover. Decent pay but micromanagement by managers. Not a bad place to work. Forced to sit in your desk from 9-5.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 3, 2017","3.0"
"Great","Salary so..so..Company that offers positions in most to the east coast. Fast pace environment with challenges that push you to develop and grow. Loved the clients. The challenges is the hours you may be scheduled. Enjoyable is they are about the clients financial well-being.","Branch Manager - In-Store Banking","Former Employee","Lanham, MD","February 2, 2017","4.0"
"Productive","The joy of sharing the investment knowledge with the customers that asking for the information, informing the customers of how to invest for the future","financial sales consultant","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","February 2, 2017","2.0"
" this bank","I worked in a Branch inside Giants. The only thing I disliked about working for this bank was the compensation. I think we deserved higher pay annually. They do not push goals so hard but you still have to meet your goals. My manager was awesome! Working in the branch you had to go into the aisles and talk to customers who were really focused on getting their groceries. It is a lot of standing and walking the grocery store. I also hate that you have to wear uniform while the traditional banks do not have to. this bank has the best training facilities however. Not much for promotion.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pasadena, MD","February 2, 2017","3.0"
"Great Work Enviorment","It really depends what you are looking for, but I had a great experience at this company. There are opportunities from advancement as well as a healthy work environment.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","February 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great family","The team you join becomes a family. The people are great. My particular team lead was understanding and easy going. They are pretty fair with pay and your experience. You get raises on time. Work is steady but at peak season you will be very busy. Pretty good place to work","Jr Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 1, 2017","4.0"
"Extremely stressful job","Many policies and procedures that have to be followed or you could be fired even from one mistake/accident. You're expected to talk to customers and engage them while also paying attention to these policies and procedures and counting their money. You are also expected to meet sales goals such as up-selling credit cards and accounts offered by this bank.","teller","Current Employee","Middleburg Heights, OH","February 1, 2017","2.0"
"Okay"," this bank is an okay place to work. They provide for work life balance with very generous time off. Their salaries and comp plan is poor. this bank does not think about their decisions before they make them.","Investment Associate","Current Employee","Michigan","February 1, 2017","4.0"
"Awesome company to work for.","I had a great experience working for this company. I was able to advance from a Date Entry operator to a Team Leader position. Were I was able to perform several functions including: new employees training, audit, traveling to new acquired banks to train their employees the functions at our department, prepare department functions instructions packets, prepare the monthly calendar and assign daily functions task for the month, attend all management meetings, prepare the initial start or end of day of the system when assigned, attend quaterly system testing and more.","Team Leader","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 1, 2017","5.0"
"Good benefits and job security, poor management, poor compensation","Pros -Benefits package is good. 1. Vacation has been bumped up to 3 weeks when you start + eligable 1 week vacation purchase after 2 years in position 2. You get 2 additional paid holidays off each year. 3. Maternity/paternity leave has been bumped to 16 weeks paid for women, and 6 weeks paid for men 4. Pension and 401k available. -Job security. Cons -You will find poor management in many departments. Very hard to come by good leadership and transparent managers -Compensation is 10%-20% less for certain positions in IT, they usu ally low ball -Moving up in the company seems very limited for how large it is. Applying to positions internally is just as hard to get as if you're applying externally -Compenstion raises are very rare, you'll either get a standard 2% or a lot of times 0% depending on the position -No bonuses of any kind -You will feel more like a number in a large company like this.","PC Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 31, 2017","3.0"
"blah","The location of the branch i worked at had an average amount of foot traffic, however only regulars came in on a day to day basis which left little chance to make referrals of establish new accounts. My manager was very rude and did not know how to preform any of the task of her employees.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Snow Hill, MD","January 31, 2017","3.0"
"Good Company opportunity for advancement","I worked as a bank teller for one of this bank'S Banking Centers. It was fast paced work. I helped assist customers with there banking needs withdrawing cash, deposit cash, process payments, cash checks, etc.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 31, 2017","4.0"
"Great for Sales Personal","Everything is moving to a more automated self service culture and appointment banking. With introduction of new technology eventually generations will not use Brick and Mortar branch's the way previous generations have.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","January 30, 2017","4.0"
"always there is a lot of sales at the Branches","Management at the branches were always supported by the corp. office commission and bonuses were always fair and on time with our paid check . Payd vacations , Holidays , discount employee discounts sales Sales and comminsion were always apropied for the employee","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","January 30, 2017","3.0"
"Great company if you're in the right job","Working as a financial specialist. Normal work day is M-F, 8:30am-5:15pm. Work two Saturday's a month and a late night calling session. Management was pretty good and always available for a phone call if needed. As far as this bank as a company, I like their benefits and work / life balance. As for job security, they are doing away with the financial specialist roll so I have to find another position within the bank or look elsewhere.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2017","4.0"
"Assistant Branch Manager","Coach Employees and be energetic so customers and employees have the best experience. Coach to attain daily/weekly goals.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Palos Hills, IL","January 30, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent multi tasking position","My work day usually began with customer complaints, I did develop and learn excellent customer service skills through this experience. The remainder of the day would include processing loan applications, opening consumer accounts, and sales calls. The most enjoyable part of my job was the people I met. The most challenging part of this position were the sales goals required of me.","Consumer Banker","Former Employee","Muskegon, MI","January 28, 2017","5.0"
"Great workplace","I've been with this bank for 9 years and if not for a recent job displacement I planned on retiring from here. I had an opportunity to work with many wonderful people whom I would consider friends. It has been a great experience for me. My career at this bank could possibly continue, however with this recent displacement news, I figured I would take this opportunity to explore my options. Life is short!","Financial Specialist Team Manager","Current Employee","Squirrel Hill, PA","January 27, 2017","5.0"
"Not pressured to sell nor stay 9-5.","Not much micro management but too many changes too often. A lot of turn over. Also, a lot of gossip which I've seen get employees fired on multiple occasions.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 26, 2017","2.0"
"good place","Productive. Company had good relationship with clients. Reviews were fair and helpful. Worked in teams for both internal and external clients.","Business and Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","January 26, 2017","2.0"
"No employee loyalty","Loved my job in every possible way. Coworker made and accusation and I was guilty until proven innocent even though I had been a highly decorated employee for years. Treatment was crushing.","bssr","Former Employee","Fuquay-Varina, NC","January 25, 2017","2.0"
"Average"," this bank is a good company for entry level positions, and the company does encourage it's workers to advance. The key is finding good management that will help you to grow.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Sterling Heights, MI","January 25, 2017","4.0"
"Decent Starter Company","Compensation is lower than most financial institutions and work personal life balance can be hard to achieve due to short staffing issues. Teaches and trains and prepares you for any other position you may be willing to apply for, however, they like to promote from other markets or external candidates. Benefits are good as they still match 4%, but we no longer have an option for PPO or HMO insurances, only High Deduction.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","North Carolina","January 25, 2017","3.0"
"Professional Environment and Cooperative Management Teams"," this bank is a great company to work for, they have a great management team and your best career interests in mind. Job stability is not particularly high in a constantly changing investment management position.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Oakmont, PA","January 25, 2017","4.0"
"Nice pay","This job is pretty straight forward. You are taking calls most of the day & the job requires for you to be on the phones and at your desk at all times.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 24, 2017","4.0"
"Productive & Center around family","The hardest part of the job was the schedules. Management was great, understanding and always willing to help. The most enjoyable part of the job was the customers","Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Westchester,il","January 24, 2017","4.0"
"helping customers achieve financial goals","being sure to be in compliance having outstanding customer service servicing customer accounts providing solutions to customer issues","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Newark, NJ 07114","January 24, 2017","5.0"
"face paced","it was a face paced environment that is big on hitting sales goals. I had a great relationship with the branch manager. The problem lied with the supervisor who didn't feel like she needed to train her new hires and did little to no work day to day.","Banker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 24, 2017","2.0"
"Morale and work place","Trying to advance at this bank is very hard. With all the qualification the comment states we found someone else that has more experience. The work place is micro managed . Employees do not particpate in any activites due to work needs to be down at service level. Morale is very low. Try several times to apply in different areas but never was considered. They state age is not the factor which it is.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 24, 2017","3.0"
"0k this is my summary"," this bank is a lovely organization to work for, they certainly seriously champion work life balance and the management team is very astute and interested and involved with the development of the employee to an extent that overwhelms and astonishes","Senior Programmer Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia County, PA","January 24, 2017","4.0"
"Good company","I worked there for 3 years and had great opportunity for advancement. Management was a bit lacking at the time. Overall, decent company and has great benefits.","Branch Manager Tri-County branch","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 23, 2017","4.0"
"Great workplace environment with emphasis on employees"," this bank promotes the wellbeing of their employees as a top priority. I've learned a lot from this bank since employment but would like to find more challenging opportunities.","Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 23, 2017","4.0"
"Good company to work for.","Pros: Work life balance. Less office politics. More about getting work done. Cons: Middle management has less control on budget or project for that matter.","Lead QA Business Intelligence","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 22, 2017","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good benefit , nice people, great locations. Nice supervisor's , team work. Been there for 19 years. Schedule flexibility. Understanding family. Great.","Statement Spreading Work Leader","Current Employee","Eastwick, PA","January 22, 2017","5.0"
"Interesting work","HIPPA restricted area. Must follow the rules of not using your phone or any other type of recording device into the work area or you will get written up.","Health Imaging Operations","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 21, 2017","4.0"
"Enjoyable work experience.","I found this bank to be a great place to work. The management team is excellent to work with. I would certainly consider working for them again in the future.","Consumer Credit Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 20, 2017","5.0"
"Great for first time banking employes","Assist customers with their financial obligations and transactions. Management was friendly and helpful. Learned how to build a pipeline of business through customer relationship","Promotion Captain","Former Employee","Leesburg, VA","January 20, 2017","5.0"
"na","functioning between mortgage processing and closing there are some disconnects, and the teams are not cohesive in the way that I would like them to have been,","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 20, 2017","4.0"
"it was good company to work for","I liked to work there with great co-worker and managers. unfortunately I had to move otherwise I would be still working there.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","January 19, 2017","5.0"
"Great work enviroment and coworkers","I loved working for this bank, the only reasons I chose to leave was location and lack of advancement in my position. If I could work at this bank here in Texas with a supervisor or managerial position I would leap at the chance.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2017","4.0"
"Work/Life Balance"," this bank strives to meet the work/life balance of their employees. They achieve this by offering a flexible work schedule, work from home opportunity, and a generous time away package (vacation, personal, occasional absence days)","Risk Management Business Analyst I","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 19, 2017","3.0"
"N/a","Unrealistic sales goals and expectations. Not enough development conversations with upper management. Training procedures are not consistent.","Retail Bank Management","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 19, 2017","2.0"
"Great culture, not great pay","I have enjoyed working for this bank for four years. I like the people I work with and the company culture is great. The pay (at least at the branch level) is not","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 18, 2017","4.0"
"Great managers, great products, but, incentive is not motivating","I work outside of a branch setting which affords more opportunity and freedom. My manager is awesome, luckily. As a outside sales banker, I understand incentive and how to make money clearly but, the problem is they keep cutting the incentive pay and not in small amounts Important to understand how much 'they' want your role to ever make. Not motivated to keep up the superior sales because of the continuous cut. Why bother putting in the extra if they want average Many great programs, people, vision in this company. But, if you make too much sales incentive in your role, they will cut it. It is a big company and this seems to be common.","Banker","Current Employee","Michigan","January 18, 2017","4.0"
"3 Star"," this bank is a decent company to work for. I spent 7.5 years working for this company. Advanced from a personal banker to branch manager. There is Opportunity for career growth and advancement.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 18, 2017","3.0"
"Fired After Asking For A Transfer","There is minimal training and a 'to the wolves' on the job methods. I asked for a transfer to a different state and was fired the next day. Terrible company to work for.","Account Executive","Former Employee","NJ","January 17, 2017","1.0"
"Large national bank with plenty of opportunity"," this bank is a large national commercial bank. I enjoyed the fact that I was part of a great group in workout and we enjoyed camaraderie. The bureaucracy could at times be overwhelming. However, there are substantial opportunities for advancement.","AVP","Former Employee","Bel Air, MD","January 17, 2017","4.0"
"Outstanding Management Committed to Customer Loyalty","I was employed with bank N Bank when it was acquired by this bank. I have a long history of bank take-overs and I must say that this bank was outstanding in the way all of the employees and customers were treated. Optimum training was offered and time was properly given for each employee to know how to make the transition very smooth for the retention of our customers. My co-workers were the best! We shared a strong desire to make the retail branch system easily understood by our customers. We excelled at customer service in an environment where the customers felt welcome.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 17, 2017","5.0"
"Great Work Experience","Working with RBC was a great work experience. The benefits are excellent and the people who work there are top notch. It's easy to get spoiled at RBC.","AML Investigator","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 17, 2017","4.0"
"Teller/Customer Service Associate I","•Assisted in the opening and closing of the bank. •Performed important transactions for personal accounts, small and large businesses. •Responded effectively to customers' inquiries and concerns regarding various account benefits","Customer Service Associate I","Former Employee","Township of Howell, NJ","January 17, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company","Management is great. Good peopl Bank holdiays. Multiple location Large Pittsburgh brand. Certain departments are better than others. Lower to average pay","Client Care Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 16, 2017","3.0"
"Ample opportunity for advancement within your business line.","A good place to work. A licensed financial specialist (FS) has a moderate base pay, but with the capacity to earn more than their base pay (via quarterly incentive bonuses). Unfortunately, the FS position is being eliminated across this bank's entire footprint, effective April 2017.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","January 16, 2017","4.0"
"Having the right team, makes the job smoother","This job duties were very simple and manageable. There was plenty of time to keep up with the compliance training and your daily work load. The management at my particular branch was not qualified for the job. The hardest part of the job, was knowing what you were going to eat for lunch and the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting all types of people. Meeting new people and helping them better understand their bank accounts and their finances.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 15, 2017","4.0"
"work-life"," this bank is an amazing company! they truly care about their workers! I love this bank! it was the best job I ever had! they really took care of me!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2017","5.0"
"Very productive, multitasking","It's very functional and high pace. Good hours, great benefits. Employees are very easy to get along with & great management. The training is great and help you prepare for the job itself.","Records Associate Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2017","3.0"
"Hawthorn","Part of the larger organization, Hawthorn serves the ultra high net worth client. The team members are high calibre professionals but the larger organization has many organizational issues.","SVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 13, 2017","2.0"
"So unprofessional and unethical","There is no structure in this Bank. They give you a low base pay, but promise you will make 4-10,000 a quarter in incentives. You don't. And nobody can tell you how the revenue credit incentives really work, even when people exceed goal with them they don't know how they did it to replicate it each month. I well exceeded my individual and branch production goals but it didn't correlate into revenue credit incentives. Most bankers get 700 dollars a quarter after taxes. The turnover is insane, the manager that hired me quit before I got done with training, we went through 3 in a year, I had 20 people in my training class, only 3 of us made it there longer than 6 months. If you have health issues and get approved for Fmla, they try to find little things to let you go for. I have worked in 3 banks, I've never been at a company for less than 3 years, it was a struggle staying here a year and a half.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Sanford, NC","January 13, 2017","2.0"
"Big on sales","Hated all the sales goals/requirements. Many of them (QIAs) are very difficult to get. I felt much more like a sales person/telemarketer than a banker.","Teller","Former Employee","Plymouth, MI","January 12, 2017","4.0"
"Productive","It is a very friendly enviroment, you have many opportunites to grow. It all depends on the location you are in, the people you meet and the things you learn is a great experience that can help you excel in life.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Northampton, PA","January 11, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent place to work","My job is to help the company save money on possible bad loans. I do background research and provided that information so that the Relationship Managers can make a sound decision on where or not it is safe to extend a loan. I work with an excellent group. We are always there for each other. Helping each other when needed. There is nothing hard about the job. I enjoy my job, my manager and my co workers. We all get along.","Research Analyst","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 11, 2017","5.0"
"Work eithic","It was a nice place to work but it was also just a lot of rules that people that didn't follow the rules. Did what they wanted to do and not get into trouble. The ones who did do the work got told. the hardest part of my job was having to deal with issues that people didn't want to do their job. The most enjoyable part of my job was working with all the people and getting to know each other.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","McMurray, PA","January 11, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work","It was great place to work, because location was close to my home. I learned everyone is not going to acknowledge when you do good. Management was not the great. The hardest part of job was not being recognized for a job well done, and most enjoyable part was being able to go home for lunch to spend time with my son.","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"Work day","I work from 8am to 4:30pm EST. I spend most of my day reviewing applications and calling customers advising of our loan process.","Senior Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"A great experience of a business environment","Dealing with client transactions on a daily basis, this bank allowed me to better understand the financial world around us. With a managements desire to promote our clients to new services and banking options, the bank has taught me to search for a customers needs and provide them various options. While dealing with client services in a professional atmosphere, this positions pushed to reverted my language in a professional matter when dealing with clients. Along with the incentive to push various products on our clients, to better serve their banking needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Red Bank, NJ","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"wonderful company","They offer good products, plenty of training, enjoyed my co-workers, great company. the health insurance was a little expensive,","Teller II","Former Employee","Merritt Island, FL 32953","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"Awful","Worked here for a short period of time. Management was awful, nobody was willing to help or answer a question. Will never bank with or work for this bank again.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","January 10, 2017","1.0"
"great place","I really learned a lot during my time at this bank. the people were great and still keep in touch with them. it was really good place to work","Hedge Fund Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 10, 2017","4.0"
"Do Not Recommend","Massive turn over will fire employees because they do not meet the cares model. We had over twenty people to start there are two people left.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, oh","January 10, 2017","1.0"
"It is a good job","The customers can be rude at times but bit is a great work place. I really desired a teller job because I love handling money, and I am good with customers. The job can become tedious at times, but it is worth it when a customers comes and flips your day upside down.","Teller","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","January 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fun Environment, minus the customers","Always a good day, unless there's a line waiting 30 minutes before you open. good thing the coffee is always stocked. Manager is great, co workers awesome.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Voorhees, NJ","January 10, 2017","5.0"
"Not a good company to work for","Work and never recognized or acknowledged for your job done. Stressed daily on whether or not you would have a job or if you were getting laid off. They didn't care about the people in the eastern part. This was not a good company to work for.","AML Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 9, 2017","1.0"
"Good starting job with room for advancement","A teller position is a good place to start if you want to work through school, or plan to move up in the banking industry. There is plenty of room for advancement and raises.","Teller","Current Employee","Akron, OH","January 9, 2017","3.0"
"It is what you make it","Working at this bank does not have limits. You can work hard, network, and gain experience in whatever segment you like. It is your choice to be content or proactive.","Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 9, 2017","5.0"
"Employees first","Dedicated employees, family-friendly place to work Supportive management. Increasing use of technology to help enable employee's productivity.","Enterprise Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2017","4.0"
"innovative","possible the best run bank on the east coast. others institutions have tried but this bank seems to execute with the best of them.","Market Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 9, 2017","5.0"
"very caring and supportive","I love Mondays, mostly because the day flies by in a flash. On a given day, during the early hours you will find me speaking to the peers, lead staff, finding out – proactively – what their priorities are for the week, meeting with team for half hour to communicate the clients' needs and organizing the team schedules around the client's priorities. I am about to learn new task, how to work effectively. my co-workers are amazing wish is one of the best part of the job.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 8, 2017","5.0"
"Poor Management","Not much chance for advancement. The benefits are ok but the pay leaves much to be desired. Management could definitely use some people skills. Not the worst place to work but not the best either.","Brokerage Account Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 8, 2017","3.0"
"Low pay, horrible management, no team work","Would not recommend this company to anyone looking for a career in banking. There's few advancement possibilities and the pay is terrible. Managers are all about themselves and there is no teamwork. It's nothing but a competition when it comes to meeting sales goals. They depend on Gallup surveys to see how well employees perform and when you get a bad score they make you feel like scum. Very bad atmosphere and none of the employees are happy.","Teller banking representative","Former Employee","Kentucky","January 8, 2017","1.0"
"Promotes Values that they do not follow"," this bank promotes values of work life balance, teamwork, and positivity but they do not deliver. They will make it difficult to take paid time off that has been earned no matter the reason, management does not work with employees to work towards advancement in the company. Often reject request to go to different departments when employees are eligible.","Care Center Sales Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 8, 2017","2.0"
"great management, a very good place to grow in the banking world. promotions happen very often","Management is great, lots of space for promotion. Great benefits, 3 weeks vacation, paid sick time. You are able to interact with a great range of individuals from all walks of life","Bank Teller","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","January 7, 2017","4.0"
"Not the best but ok","If you learn slow they'll get rid of you. The trainers over at woodland park will stab your back and tell your managers bad things about you. Do not trust them even if they act as your friend.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Washington Township, NJ","January 7, 2017","4.0"
"Awesome company","I've been with them for about two years and I love it. You learn so much about finances and the people you work with make work better. The clients are great and you leave feeling satisfied with what you do.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Towson, MD","January 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work!","Love the culture and leadership. Very little work life balance however, company is very understanding of employee need. Sales are easy to achieve.","Vice President - Branch Manager MLO","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 5, 2017","4.0"
"For hard workers and flexible employees","Moved up and around within company very easily. supportive supervisors that are willing to help you advance. Most departments offer a competitive commission based pay option.","Harvest Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 5, 2017","4.0"
"Enviornment","Great place to work. The employee opinion matters as well as the clients. Strong reputation in the community. Excellent training programs and career profiles.","Financial Consultant - Peachtree Corners Branch","Current Employee","Peachtree Corners, GA","January 4, 2017","5.0"
"Production is ultimate goal","Each day involves different tax tasks to complete daily.Efficient filing of applicable tax returns is annual goal. Need more managers to allow employees to conform to policies and procedures.Co-workers very sociable and well mannered and best part of job.","Senior Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 4, 2017","3.0"
"Hedge fund accounting at it's worst","Long work days, constant turnover. There was not a ton of positive things to say except that this was a good way to start one's career but not much more to offer beyond that.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 4, 2017","2.0"
"Stressful environment","The mortgage industry is by far the most stressful environment to work in. The nature of the business is personal, since it involves people's homes. Thin line between empathy and being firm.","Loan Consultant I","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","January 4, 2017","2.0"
"Great opportunities as an individual producer, but not for management.","Great company if you are just starting out, lots of opportunity to move up at first. The culture is inclusive and focused on teamwork. They do well with recognizing employees who go above and beyond. Unfortunately, their salaries ranges are not very competitive as you move up in sales positions and management. Retail management compensation does not equate to the work load and responsibilities. Individual salespeople can earn more through incentive that what most branch managers make.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","NJ","January 4, 2017","4.0"
" this bank has flexible work arrangements and benefits are OK. It is hard to move up in the company as promotion from within has become rare."," this bank has flexible work arrangements and benefits are OK. It is hard to move up in the company as promotion from within has become rare.","Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2017","4.0"
"A Great Job","Love what I do so it was easy to enjoy my days at work. it a high demand and challenging company. i would recommend it to those who are starting in the finance career but not to experienced veterans.","Assistant VP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Union, NJ","January 4, 2017","4.0"
"Goals were out of control","upper management encouraged calling clients multiple times a week even when they did not want to be contacted. Employees were constantly harassed if their clients were not sold on multiple items.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Lake Mary, FL","January 3, 2017","3.0"
"Nice People","There are often nice people that you encounter in the work environment. Work life balance is great with the company, they will make sure that if you put in the time request off that you can get that time off to be with your family and friends.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 3, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced and fun work enviornment","I answered inbound calls for loan officers and assisted with completion of loan applications. You have to be a team player to enjoy this position as you have to rely on your team members to sometimes complete troubleshooting","Mortgage Help Desk Annalyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 3, 2017","5.0"
"Great management. Great team work. Great benefits.","It was a great place to work 5 years ago. Had time for family and the pay was great.With new management they extended the working house plus you always have to stay longer if there are shortages or overages on the teller line (which happens almost every day). You can't plan your life with this job. Even when you off or on vacation you will always receive stressing calls from managers or co-workers. Mandatory no overtime which is sucks. Schedule planning is horrible. You work 40 hours/week for 6 days (sometimes 7 days). The biggest and annoying part of this job was the call nights or multi-channel calls. Its a mandatory blocked out time to call new clients. It's all about calls.","Teller","Former Employee","Mayfair, PA","January 2, 2017","5.0"
"Opportunity is there for Millenials","Company focus has recently changed with some positives, many negatives. With time, the company will resolve it's internal struggle in implementing the changes it needs to make for the future Great people with many years experience, however company is focusing on hiring less experienced people to pay less money.","Vice President","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 2, 2017","3.0"
"Excellent","I love this bank! Great company and excellent hours with a nice pay and bonus! I do like the benefits as well has the retirement plan! I work at a branch with great co-workers!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Bridgeville, PA","January 2, 2017","5.0"
"No negatives! Great place to work!","No negatives! Great place to work! Tuition reimbursement is an easy process, lots of paid time off and opportunity to advance. Very relaxed atmosphere.","Commercial Transaction Coordinator","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 2, 2017","5.0"
"Great Perks, low costing benefits","Wonderful company to work for, however there is a trade for the perks and that's the pay. Perks are good especially holidays and health, pay is low. It's banking so you get days off another career wouldn't normally offer. Lots and lots of time off, 3 weeks vacation, 1 personal day, 5 sick days; if you are on written warning or the sort for absences, the fault is all yours. The supervisors are great they'll move you up if you're good! I've worked at worse places when it comes to perks, but the pay was way higher. Company matches 5% 401k, healthcare costs are low and I have a family. All depends on what you're looking for. Pay vs perks definitely though. I settled for peace of mind, at least until I can have both.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 1, 2017","3.0"
"Day in the life","Your a number, you punch in you clock out and then your home. Not a lot of opportunity for growth or advancement if management has it out for you. Which is easy for them to do","Student Manager of Dining Services","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 31, 2016","4.0"
"Excellent","Stable company that is concerned about their employee's. The company offers competitive wages and benefits. There is room for advancement and relocation as well.","Sales","Former Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","December 31, 2016","5.0"
"horrible","My manager was an imbecile who should not have even been able to get such a job. She also showed very inappropriate pictures of herself in a bikini to everyone. Then my assistant manager was just as bad. He talked to me and one of the other tellers about deer mating rituals. They were both very unethical, inappropriate, and incompetent. When I got back from vacation I had found that they had but $80 of counterfeit 20s in the ATM and didn't even notice.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Belleville, IL","December 30, 2016","1.0"
"Branch employee in Giant supermarkets. Take this Job with an eye towards it being extremely temporary.","An absolutely terrible experience with no work life balance and management that must not have been able to get a job anywhere else. The ethics policy should be printed on toilet paper and hiring is a joke.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","December 30, 2016","1.0"
"love the job","really great company to work for, really easy place with stress free environments I would highty recommend the company to anyone","Teller","Current Employee","Ashland, KY","December 29, 2016","5.0"
"Temp Assignment","The company had great diversity and decent pay but they treat their employees terrible. Management talked to the employees as if they were beneath them","Sr Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 29, 2016","1.0"
"Conflicted relationship building strategy vs production goals","Conflicted relationship building strategy vs production goals. Production goals are always at the forefront of everything although your told that deepening client relationships is the goal.","Private Client Group - Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Sarasota, FL","December 28, 2016","3.0"
"Client Friendly","Diverse workforce close to public transportation. It's in the heart of the city where their a fine eateries and great places to shop.","Vice President Sales Leader Philadelphia Pa","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2016","3.0"
"Great","Very relaxed environment while being productive. Business owners are very caring and understanding. Great place to work","Teller","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","December 28, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and successful.","A typical day is always a learning environment. I have learned that the work flow leads, supervisors, manager and assistant manager, and co-workers (Extractors, Keyers, Scanners, etc.) are very helpful. The hardest part of the job is figuring out what is requested regarding payments and/or refunds; only some accounts. The most enjoyable part of my day and getting in the office and putting my best forward and being successful regarding my day to day routine.","Treasury Department","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 28, 2016","5.0"
"Management is Pretty good, Screening for employees is bad","Self Explanatory, some good co workers and decently well listening management, but high turnover of employees. Corporate/HR not very helpful. Pay is not good compensation.... non-livable wage for tellers and teller supervisors.","Acting Teller Lead","Current Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","December 26, 2016","2.0"
"Great Culture, diverse company to work for. No competitive wages and opportunity for advancement. The most important part of this job is to be sure th","Great Culture, diverse company to work for. No competitive wages and opportunity for advancement. The most important part of this job is to be sure there is open lines of communication.","Officer","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 23, 2016","3.0"
"OHIO Equity Group","I started my career in banking here. It was a good place to work with good people. They are also no longer in business due to the mortgage crash of 2008.","VP Business Banker","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","December 22, 2016","3.0"
"Potential to improve","There's consistent issues with staffing and a disconnect between corporate and retail but hopefully they're working on it. Great benefits.","Vault Teller","Current Employee","Beachwood, OH","December 18, 2016","3.0"
"Quiet atmosphere","Great bank for growth and investment but poorly chosen managers. Highly stressful atmosphere but severely underpaid employees which results in a constant turnover.","Personal banker","Former Employee","Clarksville, MD","December 16, 2016","3.0"
"A great way to get your foot in the door and learn the business.","Typical banking operations, with a well diversified management group. Unfortunately, cold calling is now prevalent in daily practices.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 16, 2016","3.0"
"Summary","Loved my co-workers, decent management, low compensation, very competitive work environment. Growth opportunity, flexible schedules, free lunch and okay benefits.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Merchantville, NJ","December 13, 2016","4.0"
"horrible","Painted a colorful picture then never followed thru with training for promotion. management was horrible, Lots of politics, very unorganized made job difficult.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 13, 2016","1.0"
"Good work to life balance, horrible sales policy","Pushes sales, you do not bonus with out meeting sales goals, do not receive raise if you do not meet sales calls, bankers have to cold call.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 13, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent work place","At this financial institute you will learn and grow. This company is a well professional environment. Management is excellent. The coworkers there pleasant and nice. The hardest part of this job is closing a customer with loans or convincing them to invest for there future.I enjoy this company because its a caring and diverse company.","Switcher","Former Employee","Vineland, NJ","December 12, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and nice work place","I start my shift at 6:00 a.m. I have to verify check payments in a timely matter. Ensure the appropriate materials are with correct payments. The mot enjoyable part of my job is providing great accuracy and quality for our customers.","Operation Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","December 12, 2016","3.0"
" this bank provides the tools and accomidation to do your job","There are numerous job opportunities in lower levels, but advancing is difficult unless you get in to a mentoring program. The company is a major financial bank in the United Status.","QA Manager II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to start","Loved this job and the people I worked with. Not much opportunity for career advancement at he branch level. Overall a great place to start my banking career.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Middletown, DE","December 9, 2016","3.0"
"Not recomended","This job, is the job like any other in the field, you sell your soul along with your morals. I learned quite a bit about financial institution, however realizing that I was pushing people into doing things with there money they might not otherwise do, and leading them in a misdirection of debt, if I didn't do this then I was not eligible for a raise and would have weekly conferences about what was wrong with my 'sales ethic'. It was disgusting to say the least, and the competition and cruelty of the others realizing what we were doing got so disgraceful I couldn't feel good about what I did everyday.","Teller","Former Employee","Nags Head, NC","December 9, 2016","2.0"
"Fast paced bank","Wonderful company to work for. Went through an acquisition with the company that was seamless. I would recommend anyone to work for this bank. Great management","Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","December 9, 2016","5.0"
"n/a","This is a waste of my time because I have already reviewed this bank. All I wanted to do was update my resume and now I have been reviewing my previous jobs for 15 minutes, this is none of anyones business how I feel about my past work experiences. This part should be optional!","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to pick up skills","My experience at this bank has been an interesting one. I started as a teller then advance to sales and service rep with a few months so I was fortunate for that opportunity. I typical day at work consists of me running around from platform to teller side all day even though I was told before hire and during training that there would be designated days when I would work each side so it wouldn't become overwhelming. Other than your 2 weeks vacation (and you have to take one full consecutive week) and 10 paid holidays you really have no work life balance. I know that sounds a lot but think about it, if the day you have off is a holiday what can you really get done that day? My coworkers are great though. Never had a problem with any of them despite the high turnover at my branch. I truly stay because I love my clients. Most of them are so nice and make my day.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to work","I usually worked on negative accounts. Call customers to see if they could make a payment by phone that day or within the next 5 business day. I learned responsibility, and also received personal growth for my profession","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 7, 2016","5.0"
"Too focused on numbers","To scripted to clients, numbers driven environment to work. Small raises. Stressful environment and audits. Assigned to different branches without choice. OK for some , however I would not work for them again","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great workplace","Loved working at this bank. Management was great. Had a lots of changes in last fews years. Hard part of job was Bank Products were changing too Quickly and very often, created a lots of confusion. If they increase pay rate no one would leave the company.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Palatine, IL","December 7, 2016","5.0"
"Decent gig, little opportunity for growth","When I started this bank I loved it. There was a shift in management that made it slightly unbearable at times. There is a lot of cattiness working with a lot of women."," this bank ambassador","Current Employee","Macedonia, OH","December 6, 2016","4.0"
"Good Job High Pressure","Not a bad company but over the years the pay plan gets progressively worse for all but the top performers. If you leave you have to forfeit bonuses earned because there is a 30 plus day delay in bonus payment and once you are gone all earned bonuses are not paid. How is this legal! Required to use personal phone for business purposes but receive no compensation. Mileage is capped regardless of sales territory.","Merchant Services Representative","Former Employee","Maryland","December 6, 2016","3.0"
"Heartbroken and Disappointed","I worked for this bank for almost 6 years. Started as a Teller and moved my way up to a Branch Manager. Never once left the company for more money at other banks because I was loyal to this bank. Never in 6 years was there a huge complaint on me or was I ever investigated for anything. Loved the people that I worked with in my branch as well as a few of my business partners, coworkers, and direct managers. Turned the branch I managed from the bottom branch in our region into one of the top performing branches. Now with all that back ground I will give you the rest of the story. I was in the process of being investigated for some ridiculous things that had pretty much nothing to do with banking and everything to do with my personal life. Which let me say is not very exciting or active. During the interview I will take responsibility for not completely giving accurate information in the beginning but before the interview was over I gave the information they asked again correctly. Once the investigation was complete I was let go because I did not give the accurate answer the first time. Even though I gave them the accurate answer when they said they were going to ask me one more time in the end. Do I feel I was without wrong in the situation NO but do I feel that I was wronged by a company I was loyal to for almost 6 year YES!!!!! It doesn't matter who you are or what you do for them at the end of the day you are just another number they can replace and that is so sad.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Alabama","December 6, 2016","2.0"
"Everything sucks!","Top level management is very unprofessional. This company only hired incompetent employees, in which hard for me to work as a team. As the Manager revealed, He is quite hesitant to hire smart employee, he is insecured to be replaced!","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 6, 2016","1.0"
"Read 5 Dysfunctions of a Team","Management & the culture they create would get negative stars if it were a choice. It's unfortunate that they ignore employee requests and input at every turn, yet force their directions and ultimately blame the employee's for their own bad decisions. A total lack of management accountability.","Vice-President/Director","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 5, 2016","2.0"
"Great Company as a whole, terrible if you work in retail banking","I liked working with different people and being able to help customers with their finances, but nothing was ever enough. Management say their door is always open, but they expect you to do all the work so they can just tell you something you already knew.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","east coast and mid east area","December 4, 2016","3.0"
"The ACCEL Program is a great start for a young person's career","The ACCEL Program is a great start for a young person's career. There are some drawbacks, but overall it is a nice transition from college to the working world.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Conneaut Lake, PA","December 4, 2016","3.0"
"terrible","The only thing that matters here is making sales numbers, not the customer experience. The worst is when the district managers ride you when they don't understand what it's like to be in a branch.","Teller","Former Employee","DeKalb, IL","December 4, 2016","2.0"
" this bank is a large company with a home town feel to it"," this bank has a great culture of taking care of their employees. They offer a lot of perks for them. Enjoyed working with my colleages. They also encourage professional growth for their employees.","Talent Acquisition Specialist","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","December 2, 2016","4.0"
"a complicated place to work","majority of my co-workers and customers were very nice which made all the difference. my take away from this bank is to be careful who you trust. no matter how nice you co-workers are, not everyone has your best interest","Supervisor of Operations","Former Employee","8661 Colesville rd","December 2, 2016","5.0"
"Professional","Sales and Administrator professional with 25 years of experience in the corporate environment. Excel at territory development, major account management, and new business development. Organized, managed, and budgeted internal operations of various businesses. Supervised and maintained all internal accounting functions for various organizations. Provided administrative support for executives and fellow colleagues. Performed skip tracing and internet research for client information and security. Expert in all office technology and practices. Licensed Life, Health, Property, and Casualty.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","December 2, 2016","2.0"
"Overall good company","i made great relationships and still have them today. I learned a lot about credit analysis and during my time I was their longer with the bank N leadership.","Healthcare Business Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 1, 2016","3.0"
"Terrible Place To Work","They act like they are an understanding company but God forbid anything come up in your personal life. Such as illness, a child getting sick, or a family member in the hospital. They will fire you.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 1, 2016","1.0"
"good place to work","Good place to work with great pay and benefits, however the culture there is the worst. this is typically what you get when working as an union employee.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","November 30, 2016","4.0"
"energetic, continually improving company","Day to day work environment can change to daily to monthly. Work flow is steady always something on your to do list. Helpful environment from peers to management to ask questions. Hardest part of the job is lack of technology. The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing that my work has a direct impact on the customers that I service each day.","Loan Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Ohio","November 29, 2016","4.0"
"Customer relations and sales","The people who came there to do there banking were wonderful. It was easy to put on a smile with the daily interactions. Selling products felt like a casual conversation","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Byram, NJ","November 29, 2016","3.0"
"High stress with no direction","no Direction or management and very high level of stress!!! I loved my customers and the people i worked with but the management was not impressive, they would not allow us to leave our phones to go to the bathrooms or take breaks unless it was a scheduled lunch!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 29, 2016","1.0"
"Great Staff and customers","Strict sales guidelines, Great training, excellent staff and support, Somewhat difficult selling to same customer base. A great deal of outbound calling to bring customers into the bank for financial reviews","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Financial Specialist","November 28, 2016","4.0"
"My review of this bank","Lovely groups to work with. Training was done well. Onboarding was done correctly. Sometimes it was a challenge to get the fund NAVs in before the stock market closed due to the pricing system being late or going down.","Investment Supervisor I","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 23, 2016","4.0"
"boring","opening the branch in the morning, setting up you cash drawers getting out any mail that needs to distributed to the Branch. Most importantly following all rules and procedures to ensure the safety of the customer an the branch","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 22, 2016","4.0"
"The Branch I worked at was always fun to work at","Worked for this bank for many years, went through various name changes, management changes, etc. Back when I first started it was a great hometown bank and everybody knew everyone. Folks actually enjoyed their work, and customers were more than customers so of them they felt like family. We spent more time at work than we did with our own families- so that was nice.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Palmyra, NJ","November 22, 2016","5.0"
"All in all a good place to work.","Great people to work with, I think the company has the best interest of the consumer in mind. Benefits were probably as good as any other company. All in all a good place to work.","Escrow Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 21, 2016","3.0"
"Very good experience to work with this bank","It was typical, great to learn many new things. We used some new technologies. Management and co-workers or good to be be work with.","Android Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 21, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work","Wonderful place to work people are friendly. everyone is helping each other and there is plenty of room to advance for the correct person. Always there to help","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","East Windsor, NJ","November 21, 2016","5.0"
"Good company for the right individual","The benefits are good. Management listens to the concerns of their staff and will make changes in company policy and procedure if appropriate. Training of staff could be better.","Business Banking","Current Employee","IL","November 21, 2016","4.0"
"Industry Leader","Quality people within the organization. Continues ongoing training in sales, service, and technology. Sales/financial well being culture used to help customers reach their financial goals.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Ohio","November 21, 2016","4.0"
"Great Benefit program Ability to advance within company","Friendly and professional atmosphere...great working as a team environment..wide variety of customer contacts...ability to do what you do best every day","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chinchilla, PA","November 20, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work","Love this place... been here 13 years! Lots of positions in Miamisburg to consider. Leadership is very professional and I love the culture.","Talent Acquisition Recruiter","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 18, 2016","4.0"
"Producitve","I would patrol the venue and verify legal documentation of alcohol consumption as well as working close with law enforcement. I also enjoyed working closely with my co0workers.","Alcohol Compliance","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","November 17, 2016","5.0"
"great","Fun place to work. Management is wonderful. It was fun to build relationships with customers new and old. They are very Eco friendly and do a lot with the enviornment","Teller","Former Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","November 17, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work, excellent coworkers and enjoyable work.","Love working here just need to find something close to home Excellent co workers and managers. Had a great work/life balance. Excellent healthcare, and wonderful training system.","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Richmond, KY","November 17, 2016","3.0"
"Great if you want to learn new big business","My experience was horrible, management is often involved in small interoffice situation that often can be seen as bullying or using scare tactic to gain the upper hand. Cant say that the overall experience was all bad but, it was right up there with sweatshop behavior cracking the whip at every turn. Their ACBS system is a manual input system, which can be overwhelming when training its so much to learn and know all at once. Needs an upgrade. Senior management from Pittsburgh, needs replacing. They are learning on the fly.","Loan Administrator","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","November 17, 2016","3.0"
" this bank is a wonderful employer"," this bank is a wonderful employer with ample opportunities for growth. The facilities are primarily modern and well kept.","Finance Expert","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 17, 2016","5.0"
"Enjoyed working here","One of the best company i worked for. easy to grow and learn here. everyone was very friendly and treated very well. Management was great. Not many branches in new york","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","New York, NY","November 16, 2016","5.0"
"Management Disconnect","There is no work/life balance. Management's perspective is that you are dispensable, and bring no value. The work day is typically 9 hours, and you are expected to also work evenings from home and weekends. The range of duties is far outside of scope.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 16, 2016","1.0"
