4950,"Productive and fun place","It ranges from production support to project work and every day is a different challenge. I learned a lot from working at this bank my co-workers where great.","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
4951,"Quick advancement and quarterly incentives makes this a great company to work for!","Working for a busy branch and due to our location it makes it less challenging to meet our goals Typical day consists of quick starts and engaging customers and team members to exceed brand expectations. The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting different people from all walks of life. Every day is a different experience when dealing with the public. Hardest part of the job is the commute to and from work due to traffic in the area.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Metro DC","August 30, 2015","4.0"
4952,"Unrealistic goals for sales in low-income areas","Nice company for benefits and salary, not very much support from management when facing complex issues with productivity. Not a team environment, lots of red tape.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2015","3.0"
4953,"Competitive, Challenging, Rewarding quarterly incentive","A typical day at work includes problem solving, assisting my customers, sales, and customer service. I have learned a lot about problem solving and dealing with all types of people. Management stresses providing exceptional customer service. The hardest part of the job is calming down angry people, but it also gave me the opportunity to really listen and defuse the situation. The most enjoyable part of my job was helping my customers and getting to know them.","Relationship Expansion Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazo","August 29, 2015","5.0"
4954,"Limited management support considerable amount of red tape.","Strong values that were developed by the employees of this bank years ago. Work life balance is key to the success of the employees. Typical day at work includes engaging both the operations and sales partners together to provide exceptional customer service to our borrowers. The hardest part of the job is not having the proper products to get the customer approved.","AVP Processing Team Manager","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 28, 2015","3.0"
4955,"this bank is a great place to work. this bank provides the opportunity to excel and provides the ability to have work life balance"," this bank is a great place to work. this bank provides the opportunity to excel and provides the ability to have work life balance. this bank is the 5th largest bank in the united states and is located mainly in the eastern half of the united states.","Treasury management Officer","Current Employee","Sarasota, Fl","August 28, 2015","4.0"
4956,"Fast paced company"," this bank Mortgage was a very fast pace company.The hardest part of the job was knowing you could not help everyone save there home.The enjoyable part of rhe job was knowing that you just made their day giving them hope . r","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 27, 2015","5.0"
4957,"High Pressure sales","Customer based company with sales as your goal. Immediate manager was great to work with. I love helping people meet their financial goals but making sales goals was very difficult for me.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Arnold, MO","August 27, 2015","3.0"
4958,"Nice place to work for","Everyone always worked as a team. Management always gave an helping hand as needed. It was a pleasure providing excellent customer service.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 26, 2015","3.0"
4959,"No too Dificult Not great pay","Not too difficult of a job. Pay sucks. Instore branches want you to go up and down giant aisle to attempt to ask customer for accounts","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","August 26, 2015","3.0"
4960,"Teams were very close knit."," this bank call center was a fun but at times very stressful work enviorment. We dealt with 100 different customers with 100 different issues or requests every day. The fact that we were behind the scenes and only customer service, we were only able to do so much, dealing with people and their money and not understanding how the process works, it wasn't always possible to make the customer happy. I have a stronger understanding to these processes when it comes to my personal accounts, it also gives me a greater respect for the customer service represenitives that continue to do that type of work.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 25, 2015","4.0"
4961,"n/a"," Book Keeper, duties included: filing checks, running the encoding machine, prepared customer statements and answered customer inquiries. Operates the express and business windows. Balances the ATM machine and vault; and orders cash and coins for the branch. Supplied tellers with cash along with supplying cash to various businesses in the local area. Performed teller supervisory functions as assigned. Cross-sells this bank products to banking customers. Assisted the Cash Balancing area with assistance on bank branches out of balance with strict adherence to the established procedures and guidelines. Processes customer deposits, withdrawals, loans and IRA payments. Supplied input to branch manager regarding employee evaluations","Reconcilement Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2015","5.0"
4962,"1st project","Responsibilities: • Formulated Test Plans based on requirements gathered by Business Analysts. • Drafted Test Cases based on the Test Plan and used cases by the clients. • Uploaded the requirements, developed test cases, linked the test cases to requirements, executed test cases, and tracked the defects in Quality Center. • Involved in Functional, System, Integration, Regression Testing of Ab Initio graphs. . • Involved in preparing test data to test the functionality of Ab Initio graphs.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 25, 2015","4.0"
4963,"• Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, INT, QA, UAT and Production.","• Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion support for different projects. • Responsible for Branching and merging the code as per the schedule.","Build and Release Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2015","5.0"
4964,"This company needs help.","The only pro for working for this company is the pay for customer service representatives. This company however lacks employees in their call centers which makes it hard for both the employees and the customers who have to wait on the phone to speak with someone.","Core Services Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 25, 2015","2.0"
4965,"Great place to work and co-workers were fun!","I think the only thing I would change is the management because the company needs new fresh ideas. I think management tends to micro manage the employees which cause stress in certain departments.","Remarketing","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 24, 2015","4.0"
4966,"It was ok place to work at first then more work and no more pay and worse hours","This was a call center and advancement opportunities were not there.You were on the phone speaking to customers about there default mortgages and available","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","miamisburg ohio","August 24, 2015","4.0"
4967,"A great place to work, and the trainors are very talented","I overall enjoyed the work experience, and all the co-workers, and supervisors quite a bit. I do admit I had a concern over a family member, and did not have enough tenure to take Family Medical Leave actually.","Professional customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 24, 2015","5.0"
4968,"Very employee friendly","Management was very supportive of the employees and stressed communication. It was a very positive and enjoyable place to work. The enjoyment came from how great all of the people were within the entire area.","Vice President","Former Employee"," this bank N.A.","August 24, 2015","5.0"
4969,"A+ company with great staff","Great company, solid management and had some great colleagues that helped the team grow. A vast amounts of task that kept everyone challenged and on their toes. Truly enjoy working at this bank.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 24, 2015","5.0"
4970,"Ensuring my teams numbers were hit and morale stayed UP","Upper management was very detached and teams were expected to achieve the unattainable goals which really created a negative work place branch management was great from my experiences. But turnover and performance as a region was sub par not the greatest environment to work in.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","August 23, 2015","2.0"
4971,"I would highly reccomend this bank to anyone interested in working in Financial Services","Working at this bank was one of the best work experiences, as well as one of the best, if not the best work environment that I have ever been in. The incentives were excellent as well.","Core Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2015","5.0"
4972,"Productive, Encourages internal advancement"," this bank has definitely helped my career, I started as a part time teller in 2008 and have worked my way up the chain. this bank endorsed me for my professional licenses.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","August 22, 2015","5.0"
4973,"Read carefully before considering","If you are young and innovative with ideas you might not want to work here. Management is full of individuals with a superiority complex and will take credit for every good idea you have. You merely become a puppet to their agenda. If you like to go to work and keep to yourself and just maintain the flow that becomes short lived as some like to stir the pot. It's a great bank but human resources needs to step in at some point and realize how much talent is being lost. The culture amongst non exempt employees is phenomenal, the best I have ever seen. The bank president is an everyday guy that shares his wealth of knowledge, just wish he weeded out the wolves in sheep's clothing.","Pinnocio","Current Employee","Gest Street","August 22, 2015","1.0"
4974,"Great place to build your skills for advancement in the workplace","inbound/outbound calls via a dialer system called catch to take mortgage pmts. set payment arrangements to prevent possible foreclosure. my co-workers are like my family. we develop a close bond because of the time we spend together at work. the atmosphere is but management could assist better with developing better morale","EIS Team","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 21, 2015","4.0"
4975,"Good Place overall","Aside from some constant reorganization which seems to be common place anymore, this bank is a good place to work overall. Management at least in my division is extremely flexible with work life balance, wfh etc.","BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","4.0"
4976,"Good Place to Start","This is a good place to get started as a full time job. They offer good benefits and the hours are great. Much room for growth if you want to stay in the banking industry","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Tallmadge, OH","August 20, 2015","3.0"
4977,"great place","variety of customer requests and transactions, including, but not limited to: check cashing and deposits, loan payments, product explanations and being able to identify opportunities to refer to the sales partners within the branch.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 20, 2015","5.0"
4978,"Manager","60-70 hour work weeks, very inconsistent. Very misleading and management is very secretive. Although it is stressed that you are in an open and honest work environment it constantly feels like someone is out to get you and stab you in the back.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Michigan","August 20, 2015","2.0"
4979,"Shady business dealings","Bad from the first day as far as compensation and management but the people there were very decent. Never again would i consider spending another day within those walls.","Outbound Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 20, 2015","2.0"
4980,"Great employee recognition","Good employer to gain valuable experience. Good employee recognition and reward/award program. Would recommend for anyone fresh out of college.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 20, 2015","3.0"
4981,"Great job tools, convenient to home, great benefits & advancement opportunities","High stress job, lots of hours, excellent pay, great co-workers, great work place conditions. Good management, can use improvement.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 20, 2015","4.0"
4982,"Great place to work","This is a great place to work. There is room for advancement and management is helpful. They also include you in decisions made. I would recommend.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","5.0"
4983,"Great place to work","There is room for advancement. I would recommend this to others in gaining experience during their career. This is a good place to work","Product Client Service Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","5.0"
4984,"fun place to work","Adhere to all reconciliation and balancing procedures and consulting with customers on bank products and services Routine transactions include balancing accounts, scanning checks, making deposits and withdrawals, receive and verify loan and mortgage payments, selling and redeeming savings bonds, and auditing the branch Handle a variety of financial services as well as accounting systems","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 19, 2015","3.0"
4985,"Great company to work for","Overall the company had a lot of positives to offer. Great benefits, positive work environment, decent management, and efffective training programs.","OFAC Document Review Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 19, 2015","4.0"
4986,"Great company that treats employees very well"," this bank offers a lot of great job opportunities in the banking industry. They are a great company to work for that provide numerous positions that offer fair hours which helps with work/life balance.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","August 19, 2015","4.0"
4987,"II enloyed meeting with companies and decision makers in Frederick.","I really enjoyed working at this bank, I was promoted very quickly from a teller to a personal banker within six months. As a personal banker, I was given the opportunity to work with businesses and decision makers to provide benefits and discounts to their employees. I eventually moved to business banking, after 18 months and I always felt that this bank invested in it's training for their employees and we were able to deliver the best service to our clients.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 19, 2015","3.0"
4988,"Amazing Company to work for"," this bank is a great fortune 500 company to work for, especially if your looking for a place where you can grow. This company really does care about its employees.","Multi Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 18, 2015","5.0"
4989,"A retail job with heavy emphasis on sales and customer service","A typical day includes cash handling, performing customer transactions, interacting with customers in a friendly, positive manner, making product suggestions, and selling products. A portion of the job requires computer use including transactions, company email, and reading updates and company news on our internal web page. This job does have a heavy focus on sales with each employee having to acheive personal monthly goals.","Teller","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","August 18, 2015","5.0"
4990,"Do not!","I worked for this bank for 7 years. The ever changing policies and procedures made it impossible to do my job consistently. The 'goals' were pretty much unattainable, especially since I worked in the drive thru location most of the time. Half of the co workers did very little work, shuffling papers and 'answering' phones to look busy. Wages were laughable. Upper management did not care about employees AT ALL. Many customers closed accounts and walked because of the ever changing policies. Schedules were out usually a few days before that week started, we never knew what we were working until the day before. Schedules were supposed to be out a month in advance, but rarely were. My main concern was with district and regional management. They had no clue what customers needs and wants were, and they simply did not care. All but ONE branch was closed in my town, making it inconvenient for customers to get to. this bank as a whole does not care about customers or employees. If you like working in a circus type atmosphere with no direction or organization, then you would enjoy this job.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","August 18, 2015","3.0"
4991,"Great Benefits-Management Needs Improvement","The benefits were excellent. Competitive salary plus Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Eye Insurance, Pension, 401K program that this bank matches up to 10%, 3 weeks paid vacation and incentives. Management needed a little bit of work. There are certain managers with poor leadership skills and little confidence in themselves. It is very evident by a simple conversation with some of these managers.","Oracle Database Administrator I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2015","4.0"
4992,"Productive work environment","Daily Debriefs. Reports. Business Development. Seasoned Staff. Customer Focused. Employee Engaged. Micro-manage. Weekly Conference Calls. Credit Card focus. Investmen Gaining Market Share","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Whippany, NJ","August 18, 2015","4.0"
4993,"Moderate","Good entry level job in a business field. One month of training is required and helps make a smooth transition. West dundee this bank branch was one of the busiest and short staffed offices.","Teller","Former Employee","West Dundee, IL","August 17, 2015","4.0"
4994,"Family Friendly","Wonderful company to work for. Excel at Job Work/Life balance more than any other bank I have worked for. The only negative is the yearly compensation increases are not competitive with other banks I have worked for and the company still uses Lotus notes.","AVP","Current Employee","Brecksville OH","August 17, 2015","5.0"
4995,"Slow paced work environment","This particular location is not busy. More time is spent not working than working. Co-workers are nice. Only five work in the building.","Teller","Current Employee","Hickory, NC","August 17, 2015","2.0"
4996,"The job has its ups and downs.","I really enjoy the work that I do at this bank. I like interacting with all the different customers that I will see throughout a day. I do not like the hour long commute to work and the work schedule is very oddly done. There is no organization or pattern with the schedule at all. Before I got hired, there were four individuals who quit because of the odd schedule. I would not quit because of that because I do really like the work and my co-workers. Also, I have dealt with a lot worse schedules while being in the military.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Delaware","August 16, 2015","3.0"
4997,"Not for the faint of heart","At the end of the day, the idea is to take accountability for the ill informed decisions, bad this bank policies, or poor judgment of customers. You are told to take ownership, and positively position everything. That includes saying no to refunds (which you have exactly 0 control over). You are encouraged to make conversations your own- but also fulfill requirement x,y,z,1,4,7,9 or else all of your evaluations and scores will be terrible. Scoring and evaluations are currently pretty subject to the person who is completing the analysis Scores are paramount and dictate whether you can do anything but exist in the call center. You are timed as to how long you are in your chair each day as well which I understand but also find awful. If you miss your break, it's gone because if you take it past the allotted time it can great affect your adherence. Constant contact with generally upset, unhappy, irate customers is one thing- the stress of trying to control and change everything that comes out of your mouth is a whole new level of anxiety Management is inconsistent as is support for when you are in the position. I was pretty much thrown on the phone full time after a terrible training experience, and almost was fired within the first month due to misinformation I had been given. this bank tries to make this position tolerable in small ways but in the end- it is what it is. Taking back to back phone calls for 7.5 hours for a company that in the end only cares about one thing with customers who don't care about what you have to say.","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2015","2.0"
4998,"Fast paced environment","Great teamwork environment. Enjoyed working with and assisting my customers. Learned how to coaching other employees. Processed many reports. Passed all audits performed at my location. I believe the hardest part of my job was when someone went negative, I had a lot of compassion for my customers so I had to comfort them and make sure to tell them that it will be okay. As a teller supervisor you wear a lot of hats and have a lot of responsibilities.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Munster, IN","August 15, 2015","3.0"
4999,"diverse in coworkers","A typical day is waiting for each market to come in on time , count the bags of work and make sure the count matches what the driver have on there manifest slip.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2015","4.0"
