"Never Work Here.","Currently work here as an application developer. They simply do not respect your time of home life. They will work you all kinds of crazy hours. I have worked many 20 hour days. Management does not follow this bank's rules and guidelines. They're pretty much given free reign and aren't govern or checked, so basically, you're at the mercy of your manager whether you perform well or not. Minorities have a harder time getting management positions. They are overworking their skilled employees and underworking the people right out of college with no skills. Very bizarre work environment.","Java and Oracle DB Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 18, 2017","1.0"
"Intensive work place","Hard place to work for. As the company grows employee benefits decrease. Not a work life balance. this bank values new employees more than senior employees. It's truly unfortunate","Bank Assistant Branch Manager Prospect Point","Current Employee","Prospect","December 18, 2017","3.0"
"recommend","good opportunity and training was adequate. communication of expectations and work related changes were timely. I think it was over-all a decent place to work.","Remote Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 17, 2017","3.0"
"Hard work fair pay","Hard work fair pay. No obvious path for advancement. Work was very demanding but rewarding. Genuine appreciation was received from managers on all projects.","Software Engineer III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 17, 2017","4.0"
"It was a job","I loved my branch manager but this bank def doesn't care much for their employees. They seem to always be looking for way to put more work on their employees without compensating accordingly. When I was there many people were leaving for other banks and industries because as a bank, they are only looking at the bottom line.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL","December 16, 2017","2.0"
"Good company"," this bank is a great company to work for. this bank offers amazing benefits, good hours, great coworkers, and a lot more. I learned great customer service skills, conducting sales calls, and money management. I enjoyed being able to learn about the banking industry and travel a lot within the region to help out other branches while meeting a lot of good hard-working people. Hardest part of the job was adapting to a lot of change from software to new employees/managers every so often. Overall, this bank taught me a lot skills and I believe it is a great stepping stone that will lead to better opportunities.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Glenview, IL","December 16, 2017","4.0"
"Management issues","In the branch that I worked at it seemed as though you couldn't advance your career. People wanted to hold you back. They didn't want to see anyone succeed.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Martins Ferry, OH","December 15, 2017","3.0"
"Overall","The people were very nice. The working environment was fine. The pace was non-stop. But, working at the call center was not a good fit for my situation. T","Customer Care and Support Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15212","December 15, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Review","I hate call centers, but as far as they go, this bank is a good one to work for. I truly feel that this is a company that cares about its workers. They are very accommodating for many different life events.","Customer Care Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2017","4.0"
"Full Service Retail Bank"," this bank is a great place to work; however, the potential for job advancement is difficult for someone wishing to not work in a customer-facing environment in the Chicago Market.","Officer","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 14, 2017","3.0"
"Great Place to Work","A typical day at this bank would start off with a short meeting about goals and what the focus is for the day. You will get the opportunity to learn as much as you can. Management will hold you accountable for all goals no met and what ever areas you may be lacking. My suggestion for most would be to speak with your manager about your necessary improvements, draw up an action plan, and hold yourself to that plan. That's the best way to succeed. The workplace culture is very competitive because everyone has their own set of goals to meet. The hardest part of the job is the stress that comes with the territory. The most enjoyable part of the job is having the fruits of your labor pay off and be recognized for it among your peers at an annual company wide recognition awards dinner. I LOVED working here. if you can manage stress well and are extremely competitive then this job is great for you.","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 14, 2017","4.0"
"good company to work for","Great organization to work for , management cares for employees and provide good support when needed . Management was patient and honest lot of work and overtime as needed . staff consisted o younger generation and older employees which shgw an adequate balance","Customer Service","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 14, 2017","4.0"
"it was alright","not the best not the worst but pay wise not anything to talk about.health benefits also were horrible and commission structure isn't the best, only good t get your foot into the banking industry","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Lincolnwood, IL","December 14, 2017","3.0"
"Sales and Service","This is a stressful place to work but can achieve goal with practice and learning. As I just started working here so it is too early to comment on other aspects.","Sales and Service Representative II","Current Employee","West Bloomfield Township, MI","December 13, 2017","4.0"
"Relaxing environment","Mainly just data entry. It was very relaxed. I truly enjoy data entry, especially 10 key and that's mainly what this job was. Great people that I worked with. The supervisor wasn't the best and I would have traded him for anyone else.","Data Processing Clerk","Former Employee","Springfield, IL","December 13, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and stressful place to work at","Experience started out great. Opportunities for bonuses, but they were very hard, and sometimes unattainable goals to reach. Started to become very stressful after about the first 6 months. Job security was questionable. Very high turn around rate. Work Life balance wasn't good at all! Great benefits. Learned the value of banking, and managing credit.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Dumont, NJ","December 12, 2017","3.0"
" this bank review"," this bank is a great place to work! My manager was very supportive in everything, however many times the regional management liked to micro manage! It also seemed like they wanted us to work six days a week but still within the 40hrs!","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 12, 2017","4.0"
"teller","I have learned a lot about the teller line. having patiently. no overtime, I like overtime for the holidays. become stressful when balance at the end of the night","Teller I","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 12, 2017","3.0"
"Worst place to work as very lacking in management","I never recommend anyone going to solution architecture group as very poor management and lack of budget forecasting. Very volatile environment and no proper laying out projects or work load distribution","Solution Architect","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 12, 2017","1.0"
"Competitive workplace, nowhere to excel","Tellers would often bicker and get jealous from one another. A lot of pointless drama no matter what branch you're at. Turnover is so high that this bank gave the tellers raises but management shows a lack of appreciation for employees because they come and go. Pay was decent hours are not flexible because the bank is only open so many hours. Very strict policy and procedures because you're dealing with money and personal information of the customers. A lot of pressure to sell and be knowledgeable about products.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","December 11, 2017","4.0"
"Worst culture i have ever workef","Awful. Caustic work environment. Turnover off chart. No matter which state you work in you will hear the same horror studies. If you don't mind hearng 50 times a day how bad you suck you will like it here. I hope you don't mind endless buearocracy.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Buckingham, PA","December 11, 2017","1.0"
"productive and pleasant atmosphere","I loved working for this company they work around family and work schedule always room for advancement managers always wiling to help I would still be working but I want to work closer to home","Compliance analyst","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","December 11, 2017","5.0"
"Sales driven and under-staffed","Most locations are under-staffed and floaters are not sent to necessary branches. Management rides you about sales goals all while reminding you 'not to push product'.","Services Representative","Former Employee","Laurinburg, NC","December 11, 2017","3.0"
"Very productive environment","They keep you moving not just mentally. Detail oriented people need apply. Sales goals are quite competitive along with others in your district and region. True team philosophy.","Teller","Former Employee","Mullica Hill, NJ","December 10, 2017","5.0"
"Work Life Balance","Allows up to one day per week working at home. The culture is relaxed but daily productivity is needed to make your goals. Most individuals have been working at this bank for a number of years.","Underwriting Analyst","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 10, 2017","4.0"
"great start, not as great finish","when I started there was extensive training and the thought of helping individuals grow their finances, after a few months it became more about sales and getting production. main focus is on pushing, instead of financial wellbeing","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Severna Park, MD","December 10, 2017","3.0"
"Never Again","I obviously quit my position at this bank for lack of advanced opportunities that were presented to me. I was constantly over goal each month. Not a great place to work.","Banker","Former Employee","Youngstown, OH","December 9, 2017","2.0"
"Good","Good place to work in, okay management. Monday to Saturday. most holidays off. The pay is better than any other bank. good environment. will learn a lot","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","December 8, 2017","4.0"
"A productive and steady work enviornment","A typical day at work involved a steady flow of calls. I learned a lot about account handling and opening accounts and how to take more calls in a call center setting than I had before.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","December 8, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work"," this bank was a great starting place for me in the financial institution industry. I left my job with this bank for an advancement opportunity within the bank with PFPC Trust Company.","Data Control Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 8, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible management","Terrible management, they put a lot on with little pay, referral expectations is out of this world, you do something good no praise and soon as you mess up the whole world has ended, and there just no respect. Only good thing about being a teller was my fellow colleagues."," this bank teller and lobby management","Former Employee","Clinton, MD","December 8, 2017","2.0"
"Don't get pregnant or have small children","If you get pregnant your days are numbered, and depending on what area your branch is in, don't expect diversity. I was bullied while pregnant, made to lift heavy things and my lunch was my only break.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","December 8, 2017","2.0"
"overall good","Working at this bank was enjoyable with the branch personnel. Fast paced with an emphasis on sales, rather than customer service for beginning employees. Great schedule.","Teller","Former Employee","Lagrange, KY","December 8, 2017","4.0"
"no comments","good bank, very good training and management , workplace culture good, good learning experiences, very busy branches, bank believes in career advancement for their employees.","NJ - Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","chews landing, NJ","December 8, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful work environment","They act like they care about the customers, but all they want are sales. They concentrate on the this bank conversation which centers around clients finances. The goal of this conversation is to get clients to move over their investments to this bank or to sell them a financial service that isn't necessarily needed.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","December 7, 2017","1.0"
"Great place to work","Great training program. The work atmosphere is friendly and inviting. Managers seem genuinely concerned about your performance and agreadvancement. Opportunities for advancement.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","December 7, 2017","4.0"
"Teller","Not the best environment very complicated for part-time employees to do other things besides work. If you are a student make sure to be flexible as they will not be.","Teller","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","December 7, 2017","1.0"
"Na","NA No sharing information about a company I no longer work for you want me information get in contact with them by calling local branch or applying onliine.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 7, 2017","5.0"
"Many times the situation could be stressful with Customer service.","This bank was located in a poor area in the city. Twice while I was there the bank was robbed once with gun and the other a bomb threat. I enjoyed helping people with their finances as car loans, mortgages, opening savings and checking accounts and assisting our customers with day to day financial needs.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 6, 2017","3.0"
"A great place to work. Pay is good and people are friendly. I have learned a lot in all different areas of banking from each department I have worke","A great place to work. Pay is good and people are friendly. I have learned a lot in all different areas of banking from each department I have worked in.","Treasury Management Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 6, 2017","4.0"
"Laid back and Friendly","A typical day at work was opening the branch and assisted customer by opening account, performing teller transactions and etc. I learned how to navigate through a very unstructured guidelines. It taught me to think outside the box in order to execute completion of projects. The culture was somewhat laid back. I would have liked to see more consistency and structure to create a better employee moral. The most enjoyable part of the job was doing the job itself. I loved being a teller supervisor and leading my example.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 6, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible place to work!!","I worked for this bank for 3+ years and the environment is great, but the management is terrible, the expectations are high and unrealistic. The pay is terrible as well, and fun fact this bank employees make the same amount as Aldi cashiers (how?). Oh and if you quit or get fired all paid vacation time has to be paid back. The turn over rate for this bank is the highest in Kalamazoo (another fun fact). So if you don't mind having managers look over your shoulder and punish you for every little thing you do and if you're willing to receive the same pay as a cashier for 10x the work than this bank is the place for you. I wouldn't recommend wasting your time. It's not worth the stress and headache.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 5, 2017","1.0"
"Meh","I worked in a call center in Pittsburgh. The Good: They offer competitive pay. I was making $16.58 or something like that. The turnover is so bad they almost have to. On that note, you can tell the company is trying really hard to make it a good place to work, so maybe it wasn't at the top of it's game when I left, but it's heading in a really good direction. The Bad: You are literally just getting yelled out by customers who can't manage their money and need someone else to blame. What's worse is this bank does not care.","Customer Service Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 5, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to work","I loved my job but I needed more money so I took a banking job in suburbs....Worst move ever. Money does not trump working for a company you enjoy working for.","Wire Technician III","Former Employee","Philadephia, PA","December 5, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank offers ok benefits, but really benefit in the environment. I feel that the environment is great for creativity and motivation. Management creates a collective group effort.","II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 5, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","I was a branch manager for 5 years. It was a great place to work until they had a change in the Regional Manager. I left after 5 years of being their due to that change.If not for that reason i feel i would still be there.","Vice President Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cresskill, NJ","December 5, 2017","1.0"
"Good Environment","I enjoyed working for this bank and would recommend it. Although the pay was not great for me as a single mom, it would be good wage for a second income.","Teller","Former Employee","Warsaw, IN","December 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great financial services company, poor pay","Previous role of WorkPlace Sales Consultant in Dayton, Oh had great management and incentive. this bank changed incentive to poorly focused. My last role I took due to relocation to Naples, Florida. Poor management, poor and changing to worse compensation","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Naples, FL","December 5, 2017","3.0"
"Uneducated Management","If they promote within the people they are promoting are lazy and don't know anything about running a branch, audits, or training people. Managers put their work off on other people and if something that they were supposed to do doesn't get done they blame it on the team.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","December 4, 2017","3.0"
"Great","Great work environment. Lots of opportunity to grow especially if you put in the hard work and effort. Senior leadership lets you flourish in a competitive but fun environment","IB Real Estate Finance Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 4, 2017","5.0"
"Personal Banker"," this bank was a great company to work for. The attitude was relaxed, the sales goals were minimum and management was friendly. Overall, working at this bank was easy and relaxed.","Service Associate","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","December 3, 2017","5.0"
"daily work","I works about 46 hours a week as a part time employee and then I was promoted to a full time employee after work several months do several others job. I was a back up teller supervisors. I did that job on a daily basis before being let go. I feel I was let go because I said something to management about doing some else's job and not be paid for the position","Teller - Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Warren, PA 16365","December 3, 2017","3.0"
"As a corporation its a great company to work for","Its a good company to work for if you are in a right branch. Higher management is very professional and very supportive. They do provide good training when candidate starts as a teller.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 3, 2017","5.0"
"Friends at work","The ladies at this bank would always make sure you are doing well and loved to make work a fun yet professional environment. I would have stayed there long-term if it had not been a short-term contract position.","Teller","Former Employee","Kill Devil Hills, NC","December 2, 2017","5.0"
"Lovely employer and fellow staff, difficult to work as a single income family.","Love my coworkers and the clientele but the income is not enough to sustain myself and children, as a single income household. There is room for advancement and great benefits.","Teller","Current Employee","Aurora, IL","December 1, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","I came into banking with no experience and have learned so much in my 2 years here. I would like to move to the underwriting side of banking but unfortunately that would be relocating to a different state.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Melbourne, FL","December 1, 2017","4.0"
"Great benefits, poor communication","The company treats their employees well as far as benefits and vacation, but they do not communicate well from the higher executives down to the management teams that you see in branches. The execs create extremely unrealistic goals because they are unaware of what it is really like to work in the branches. Then the management teams are browbeaten for not meeting said goals and it trickles down to how they treat their employees.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Virginia","December 1, 2017","3.0"
"Nice company to work with","is a good company to work for. They have great benefits, atmosphere, flexibility, work-life balance and the people are friendly. There are opportunities to move around and potentially upward within the company. I wish there were more companies like this one around.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","E7Y","November 30, 2017","5.0"
"Teller responsibilities are achievable, but skewed.","Although there was a 'typical day' expectation, a typical day was rather rare. Pushing sales and dealing with off-loaded phone calls added great stress to the day's rhythm. Be sure to keep your personal life absent. Diversity is lauded, until it is demonstrated. this bank prefers robots; and that is what is expected. Prepare to be bullied - at great length. Do not share challenges, as they will become obstacles. Smile, be polite, and lie: These are the qualities that this bank prefers.","Teller II","Former Employee","Virginia","November 30, 2017","1.0"
"very good place to work","working with this bank was a great honor for me. I really enjoyed working there. I learned so many new things from that job. this job was really challenging for me but I was able to succeed.","QUALITY ANALYST","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 29, 2017","5.0"
"Great group of people","Typical day at work : Send memos to customers , send checks , key rebates. Run Exception reporting answer phone calls etc. The most enjoyable part of my job are the co workers. A great group of people","Senior Loan Support Specialist II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 29, 2017","5.0"
"Meh","There's ok room for advancement even though they make you feel like there is. The company is really uptight and they say it's for the customer experience but it puts undue stress on employees","REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 29, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced halftime, poor management","the management at the branch I was placed was horrible. I was never trained in the branch. There's no direction or guidance at all. I learned through trial and error. The day moves pretty slow and many tasks aren't that hard but all the inside information, like rules and policies, and branch codes and safety wasn't taught to me and is essential for doing the job. Which makes my job harder. Also the hours were terrible for a part time worker","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","November 29, 2017","3.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work. Just needed a better pay. Managers decisions are ethical and practical. Great place as far as being rewarding. They do value their employees. Loved my Coworkers.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","November 29, 2017","4.0"
"Bad Management","Working at this bank probably wouldn't have been as terrible of an experience if there was better management. My manager claims to care about the feelings and well-being of the other employees but is constantly proving otherwise by her actions.","Teller","Current Employee","Butler, PA","November 28, 2017","3.0"
"Good people but poor work life balance","The people that work for the mortgage company are very good. Positions in management have poor work/life balance as there is no away from the office. Technology is not very good so have to compensate with more time to fix systems","Vice President - Investor Operations Group Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 28, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Great company to start out with and look to advance through out the company. Clients are great but are probably different in south than they are in the north. Management is a shot in the dark because some are great at their jobs and others need some coaching.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Cumming, GA","November 27, 2017","4.0"
"Sales focused","I enjoyed working here with my customers and employees. My manager was helpful and there for support as well. I was recognized often for my work and given the opportunity to move up in the company. I learned allot from my manager and co managers as well. I would like to go back if the opportunity arose again for me.","AVP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Loves Park, IL 61111","November 27, 2017","5.0"
"horrible place to work","This is the most negative place you will ever work. They care about the money and nothing else. The pay is very non competitive and they take pride in their extremely high turn over rates.","Business Sales Service Representative","Current Employee","harford co md","November 27, 2017","1.0"
"Community based work place"," this bank provided opportunities for growth and education within the company. They had several events available to employee involvement in their communities. They also allowed for time off to volunteer in your local community.","Hazard Loss Claims Supervisor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 26, 2017","3.0"
" this bank great place"," this bank is a great place to work and has a very good work/life balance when advocating for it's employee's. this bank also offers wonderful benefits and focus on each employee.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Kirkwood, MO","November 26, 2017","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a quality employer to begin a career with. It may be challenging to receive market compensation commensurate with job titles as you move up in the company.","Senior Finance Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 25, 2017","4.0"
"Nice place to work","Worked from home mostly. Would make phone calls and start entering loan information. I learned this new computer system that was much easier that others. It was most enjoyable. Management was extremely helpful. They were always there to helf. This company is very organized. The hardest/best part of the job was visiting my branches the first time. Everyone was very helpful. I was sad to leave but I needed to make more money The most enjoyable part of the job was the few friends that I met there.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Langhorne, PA","November 25, 2017","5.0"
"underpaid","management will terminate you from pure jealousy. long hours and will cut the opportunity of you making overtime just so management can receive large bonuses.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 24, 2017","1.0"
"Work hours along with work week Monday through Friday. The ability to advance my career within the company.","Pleasant atmosphere within the corporation. Management was great to work for along with employees. Offered training courses to expand my knowledge and provide career opportunities.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 23, 2017","4.0"
"enjoyable place to work depending on location","depending on role job can be stressful. As with any job it depends on the manager to lead, often managers are a revolving door so company often lacked sufficient or appropriate management.","FINANCIAL SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Cinnaminson, NJ","November 22, 2017","5.0"
"Low wages and no work life balance.","I worked more then 40 hours a week and did not get paid for it. My manager did not care about his team and was just overall bad at his job. He was concerned about his own sales.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 22, 2017","2.0"
"Productive & high volume position","Our department recently experienced a change in management. Over the past few years under previous management, there were no promotions, non-competitive compensation, bare minimum raises, hardly no work/home life balance and zero appreciation (from upper management). These situations have led to low morale and very high employee turnover; we have been losing talent to other banks that provide much better compensation. I can only hope things gets better under new management.-","Booker","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 22, 2017","3.0"
"Typical Day","Great work life balance. Learned a lot about loans and how to process. Workplace culture is average. Hardest part of the job is the unexpected that happens at work.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 21, 2017","4.0"
"Decent Place to work","A typical day for me was hosting conference calls with the branches that I was supporting. I routinely traveled to the branches which were located in various markets/states for ongoing training and coaching of the branch teams. My position was eliminated and the assistance I received to find another job within the bank was not adequate or helpful.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Multiple locations","November 21, 2017","4.0"
"Boring","The duties were pretty easy. The people were polite and friendly. The environment was easy-going. There was room for advancement. It was pretty boring working there.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Jenkintown, PA","November 21, 2017","4.0"
" this bank review"," this bank is a premier employer in the Chicago area. A very professional operation and I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to work here. I would recommend this company to job seekers.","Technical Writer","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 21, 2017","5.0"
"Extremely micromanaged","Heavily micromanaged throughout the day. Worked in a 'Universal branch', meaning we did the jobs of both tellers and platform bankers, but were not compensated any more for it. Co-workers were great, but the manager did a poor job of preparing me when I first started and you are put into a sink-or-swim environment. Benefits were ok, but the pay was extremely lacking compared to what bankers at other banks receive. Also, deceptive hiring as they do not tell you about the cold sale calls you will be making. Ok job if you have a salesman personality, but would not recommend for most people.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Southampton, NJ","November 21, 2017","3.0"
"workplace environment","The work environment was ok and manageable. I along with fellow coworkers were having problems with how we were managed. Other than that the workplace was enjoyable. the hardest part of the job I would say is setting up mortages and car loans.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Palm Beach, FL","November 20, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible place to work and they don't care about their employees. High turnover rate. Find any excuse to get rid of you. Worst company .","Terrible company to work for. They don't care about their employees and let you know all the time that you are replaceable. If your successful its never good enough and if your too successful on your bonuses They find a reason to get rid of you.","BSSA","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, SC","November 19, 2017","1.0"
"Corporate environment","Very pushy on sales goals and speaking in a corporate way. Really gave no room for personality. Were never quite pleased with production. Could lose job at any moment from any number of mistakes.","Teller","Former Employee","Kentwood, MI","November 19, 2017","2.0"
"Productive and highly impactful","Very advanced banking institution with great vision for technology and customer service, product development. A big national bank with a community focus.","Vice President Community Development","Current Employee","Wisconsin","November 18, 2017","4.0"
"Fast-Paced, Fun Atmosphere","I loved my job at this bank. The employees I worked with were superior to any other place I had been, and the manager for the branch was truly amazing. There was always a push for sales, but it was always a need based sale. The incentive system was pretty good, but could definitely be improved, as your largest bonus was at the mercy of every client, which could or could not hurt you. Often, any poor reviews were due to circumstance out of your control. However, though there were bad interactions, all of the positive interactions made your day great. Overall, an enjoyable work atmosphere and a strong company to be with.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hueytown, AL","November 17, 2017","5.0"
"Awful","Horrible work life balance, management wants to exceed goals on loans yet gets upset if you exceed 40 hours per work (which is required to accomplish goal). Someone is always watching you. You cannot leave your desk for too long without someone asking where you went.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 17, 2017","1.0"
"Underwriter","Excellent corporate culture, a company with complete integrity. No wonder they win awards every year as one of the best places to work. Excellent benefits and excellent work environment.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 17, 2017","5.0"
"Secure Job but promotions are based on who you know or who likes you","I have always like my job but it got to a point that I was no given the chance to learn new things or advance.. Regional does and assigns who ever he wants better say who he likes. Each employee has a sign and it is stigmatized and It is really hard to prove yourself otherwise after you have a certain level. Love my coworkers , poor management , there is no coaching,","Senior Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","November 17, 2017","3.0"
"Work Life Imbalance","Very typical sales culture of 'what have you done for me lately.' Difficulty keeping branches staffed with quality employees, very high turnover rate inside the locations made hitting goals tough.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","November 16, 2017","3.0"
"Great people to work with","My role as a teller was great because I was able to help many households with their financial well-being but the pay for my job was not consistent with the quality of work I was putting into it. Although we got quarterly bonuses, my hourly pay was significantly less than other tellers from other companies. this bank just recently changed their pay rate and is now starting new hires with no experience more than what I was making when I left after almost 5 years of service. I also crossed trained as a customer service associate. There are opportunities to advance within the company as long as your willing to move around to different branches.","Teller","Former Employee","Seaford, DE","November 15, 2017","3.0"
"Fast paced and competitive","The branch I worked in was pretty slow so I was loaned out to a few of the other branches regularly. It was always fun meeting new people but it is an adjustment. People were very competitive there was always some kind of referral contest at every branch. My manager was awesome but not all are the same.Overall it was fun.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Seminole, FL","November 15, 2017","4.0"
"It's a great place to work, but...","I have worked with this bank for 7 years. I advanced within the company from an entry level position. However, for further advancement, it seems nonexistent. The pay is great to some, but if you live in a big city like myself and have rent, car payment, insurance and other bill necessities, you may have to stretch a penny. The benefits are good, but you get what you pay for. The more money you designate out of your paycheck, the better your benefits are. All in all, this bank is a great company to work for. My passion is just leading me elsewhere.","Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 15, 2017","3.0"
"general","The managers interviewed prospective underwriters based on word of mouth without actually determining if they were a good fit for the position. Bonus program is difficult to achieve as there is not enough work available.","Residential Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 14, 2017","3.0"
"Great Company to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. They really care about their employees and you're not just a number. The bonuses they provide are awesome as well.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Montgomery, AL","November 13, 2017","5.0"
"Enjoy My Job","I love my position within this bank but I'm keeping my options open to career advancement and better opportunities. I just want to see what is available to me.","Credit Administrator Analyst - REO Department","Current Employee","West Chester, OH","November 13, 2017","4.0"
"okay place to work","the job was very cut throat every man for themselves. they only looked out for management and treatly the tellers as if they were secondly when the clients met with us first. I felt very little working for them.","Teller","Former Employee","University Heights, OH","November 13, 2017","1.0"
"great company but too much work load"," this bank is a great organization, but senior management is out of touch with the demands and day to day at the branch level. Senior Management places more work load on Branch Managers to avoid overtime of other branch staff and have so much reporting requirements that it has created a micromanaged feel of an environment.","AVP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 13, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Very strict with referrals and a tough job for tellers. Handling large amounts of cash can be very stressful, and with good management this bank is a good bank to work for.","Teller","Current Employee","Vero Beach, FL 32960","November 12, 2017","1.0"
"Branch Manager","Supervisor of two Branch Offices. Opening protocol to established every morning for employee and client safety. everyday operations to be monitored. making decisions on a manager's level and safeguarding the bank.","Community Banking Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 12, 2017","4.0"
"good job","great work from home program. It could be opened to 5 days. The management is good but not a lot of room for advancement. The salary band are good but the raises could be more.","Analytics Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fast, Fun, and Friendly Enviiorment","Multi Cultural environment with a melting pot of knowledge. Company is well versed in Industry changes and updates and makes insure all employees are up to date as well.","File Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 10, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place to work","Healthy work environment. Managers were always available to assist or answer questions. Excellent Benefits and a good salary. Consistent in providing excellent customer service.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Keyport, NJ","November 10, 2017","5.0"
"Good starting job","Worked here out of college. Good place to start and you will learn a lot about money management. Can be boring and slow but typically very low stress. Good work life balance, you get 15 vacation days off the bat and 10 paid holidays.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","November 9, 2017","4.0"
"Work culture","I worked at this bank after a recent merger with RBC. The this bank culture was much different. Several of the tenured employees from RBC seems to really have trouble with this change. Also, PCG was new to Alabama. There were some growing pains with getting this line of business rolled out successfully.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Madison, AL","November 9, 2017","3.0"
"Challenging","Could be more room for opportunity and also clearer communication when it comes to how you will be paid. Also vacation days you really have to take them when they let you based on the allotted time available. So you cannot use it as you need it.","Business Banking Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 9, 2017","5.0"
"it is a good company","j have been doing mortgage loans for 2o years i need a change. they have plenty of customers to speak with and try to help save money on thier current mortgage.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","New Berlin, WI","November 8, 2017","4.0"
"Company is still under going changes that I do not agree with.","For many years with this bank Wealth Management I felt accomplished and very proud to work for a corporation that cared about the employees and clients. Unfortunately, the company changed policies and management where I could no longer be a part of the undesirable changes.","VP Senior Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Erie, PA and Naples, FL","November 8, 2017","3.0"
"Not very flexible","decent pay with commission but without, pay sucks. as a collector , you can make decent money, unless there are staffing issues then the department as a whole suffers.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 8, 2017","4.0"
"Great","Great Job wasn't there long enough to really enjoy it. they really invest into their employees and want them to succeed. Fast paced and really want you to well in sales","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","November 8, 2017","3.0"
"Decent Compensation, Not Much Else","This was the type of job that gives you training, and seemingly plenty of it, yet when you actually get to the implementation it is vastly different. The scenarios given and the training provided does not, realistically, give you any sense of what you will be doing on a day to day basis. Once training ends, you are essentially on your own and any questions you ask can be answered any number of different ways depending on who you ask. It is rather haphazard and not recommended.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 8, 2017","1.0"
"Good people and good opportunity for advancement","Lots of room for advancement. Pleasant working conditions, good managers and co-workers. No micromanagement of employees. The hardest part of the job was the technology.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 7, 2017","4.0"
"Not a bad employer","Overall it's a good place to work with decent benefits. Most roles are low-stress. The biggest draw back is there no career advancement unless you know someone. You can be in the top two applicants numerous times for new roles but will always loose out if the other person knows someone and they usually do.","REPORTING ANALYST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 7, 2017","4.0"
"stressful","Worst place to work. Stealing from customers by lying to them. Putting pressure on the employees. No work life balance. very stressful place to work at.","Banker","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","November 6, 2017","1.0"
"Sales, not typical banking","This job would be ideal for someone who is interested in selling a product rather than making an impact and forging relationships. Not pleasing to those who would rather do something along those lines.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Maryland","November 6, 2017","2.0"
"A company that cares about their employees","Under my own guise, I work at my own pace with accuracy of work being top of mind. The culture is friendly, motivating, and relaxed. The balance of work and life is the best I've ever been a part of.","Operations Analyst - Data Entry","Current Employee","Bay City, MI","November 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great company, bad pay","Across the board, retail banking salaries are low. The work environment is fantastic. There is comprehensive training for the banking products, however they seriously lack on teller training. One quick transaction could cost you your job.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Canton, OH","November 5, 2017","4.0"
"Burnout, poor work / life balance","The fraud organization at this bank is a never ending series of management, direction, and organizational changes. Stability is very uncommon therefore no one has the chance to develop into the role before another reorganization unfolds. Work life balance is very poor unfortunately - unrealistic expectations at the executive level and no staffing support leads to long hours, frustration, and burnout. There are lots of managers but very few (in any) leaders in the fraud space, I cannot say this is how other areas of this bank operate as I have never worked outside the fraud space.","fraud","Current Employee","PA","November 5, 2017","1.0"
"na","business is customer focused. satisfaction received when a customer is approved for a mortgage. Ability to work from home. Great benefits. Management is supportive.","Senior Exception Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 5, 2017","5.0"
"Not at this time","A very typical day at worked can be very stressful . i just wish at my office we could worked more has a team .The hard part of my job is when I have to cover the lobby by myself it very hard for me because i feel i am doing disservice to some of my customer . The most enjoyable part of the job when my customer give me a thank you note for helping them.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","November 4, 2017","5.0"
"The hardest part of my job","I did not always know how or when the mail was going to arrive to be processed. It made the daily work flow hard to plan and many days I had to plan on the fly with my team to get the work completed.","Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 4, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced, but overall good company","The only issue I had at the branch I worked in was the manager. She would stand behind each employees desk one at a time. When an issue would arise,she wouldn't get involved. She would go back to her desk,put her feet up on the desk and drink her coffee. Would tell others to handle it. Her boss even told her she doesn't treat her team members respectfully. She was dismissed.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2017","3.0"
"I'm here","It's a nice place to work lacks in pay and health insurance but makes up for it with time off and environment. Once again the pay could be higher seeing as though this job is repetitious and stressful at times","Help Desk Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to gain experience"," this bank can be a great place to work if you are looking for advancement in a specific area (Retail Management) or are willing to relocate to a couple major cities. The commission setup is difficult to make work depending on what area you work. It can be a very stressful job because of quotas that change depending on what is lacking in the area","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Marietta, GA","November 3, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work. The atmosphere is what you make it. Will succeed by using processes In place. Incentive compensation is very fair. The culture is great as well.","Branch Sales Manager","Former Employee","Logan, OH","November 3, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Wonderful place to work and would recommend this place to work for any one. Great benefits and great staff and groups of people to work with. This a definitely #1.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 3, 2017","5.0"
"Challenging and exciting place to work.","Great management and co workers motivated to deliver excellent customer experience. Strong focus on doing what is right for the customer. Fast paced, interesting, challenging environment. Good growth and learning opportunities. Management communicates well with employees. Excellent benefit package.","Senior Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Burlington, MA","November 2, 2017","5.0"
"Productive","good management and work culture. opportunity for advancement, but they sometimes hire from outside or look over some older employees for younger employees who are more talented.","Consumer Credit Risk Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 2, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work","balanced day, sometimes busy, sometimes not. the compay employees great people. I learned a lot while i was there. I'd recommend this company to anyone who asked about it.","Loan Closing Analyst - Commercial","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","November 2, 2017","4.0"
"Loan Officer","Fast paced and very exciting to provide mortgage solutions to current customers. It was very rewarding saving clients thousands of dollars with new mortgages.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 2, 2017","5.0"
"loved it","Loved working there, sadly I had to relocate, my manager was amazing and the entire team! Everyone was always supportive and it was a true family atmosphere","Services Representative","Former Employee","Plainsboro, NJ 08536","November 1, 2017","5.0"
"It is alright","a lot of resposibility, Little training, low pay. management is hit or miss. Benefits are great and the vaction time is phenomenal. Would recommend better training and better pay for the company.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","November 1, 2017","3.0"
"Management","I loved this job. I like to help others learn things. In this role I had the opportunity to teach others and help them grow within the company. Very nice environment in this department.","SENIOR CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 1, 2017","4.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is the best company I've ever worked for. They put a great deal of effort into employee morale and creating a positive workplace. Plenty of room for advancement if you're willing to work. Excellent work-life balance.","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 1, 2017","5.0"
"Branch Banking","Very high sales expectations and the products change constantly. A lot of employee turnover causing staff shortage constantly. Strict business dress code.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 1, 2017","3.0"
"Leadership/Talent","This company struggles to find a strategic direction and follow through on its strategic objectives. This is due to its weak leadership and inability to attract and retain talent.","STRATEGIC PLANNING","Current Employee","New York, NY","October 31, 2017","2.0"
"Typical job","This job dealt with a lot of trouble shooting and customer service which develop the platform of A+ customer service. Show me how to relax with speaking on the phone and in front of people.","Centralize Customer Service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 31, 2017","5.0"
"Impossible","A financial advisor with this bank is an impossible job. You drive around to branches trying to help people who really have no intention of investing. The referrals come because the branch personnel are pressured to make referrals.","Branch Investment Advisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 31, 2017","1.0"
"Very Fast paced environment.","Management team was very dedicated to the environment of their employees. As in all aspects of banking some customers could be very demanding. Overall good experience.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","York, PA","October 31, 2017","5.0"
"Not rewarding","The most enjoyable part of my job is interaction with the customers. It is a very stressful position and the working hours make the work-life balance nearly impossible.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","PA","October 30, 2017","4.0"
"Pay and Management could be better.","I have been with this bank for a little less than 2 years. In that time, I have learned a lot from this bank. Their training is excellent and the support system is great. However, the pay is very low for all of the duties and expectations. It is also difficult to advance in your career if your branch/location is short staffed. There is rarely a conversation of your future within the company.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago","October 30, 2017","3.0"
"Good company to work for","Good company to work for. However not much opportunity for advancement. Hire managers and promote bankers to managers with no management/leadership experience,","Private Client Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Vero Beach, FL","October 30, 2017","4.0"
"typical day"," Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service displaying data entry skills.  Established new customer accounts including checking, savings, lines of credit.  Examined checks for identification, endorsement, and fraud.  Identify and refer sales opportunities with customers on bank products and services in order to meet quarterly sales goals","Professional Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 30, 2017","2.0"
"Great Working Environment","I am very pleased and honored to be working here at this bank!. I plan to retire here. I have been employed in the Customer Service field for more than 30 years. I enjoy assisting my customers on a daily basis. My position here allows me to meet people from all walks of life. I enjoy my customer interactions every day. this bank is a great place to work and has a lot of great people employed here!","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 30, 2017","5.0"
"This is a glorified sales job","You are required to sale products to the consumer whether they need them or not. Whether the products are beneficial to the consume. The banking industry is not like it used to be. This would be a great fit for slimy car salesman.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 29, 2017","2.0"
"None","Not a lot to comment on. The atmosphere was tense. Managers were not always well educated in the areas they managed. If assistance was required, it was difficult to get assistance.","Senior Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 29, 2017","3.0"
" this bank was a productive place to work."," this bank Financial Bank is a good place to work. It helped me, I had good experience working at this bank. I had a good working relationships with my colleaques.","Teller Banking Representative II","Former Employee","Trenton, NJ","October 28, 2017","5.0"
"good company to work for","decent pay good benefits and great people. the computers sometimes did not work correctly but that happens everywhere. the training could be a little better","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chestertown, MD","October 28, 2017","4.0"
"Contractor to this bank through Cognizant"," this bank is one worthy client to whom i have worked for past few months and work life balance is well maintained as well. I work as a contractor to this bank through my employer Cognizant","Test Lead","Current Employee","Los Angeles, CA","October 27, 2017","5.0"
"Best Company I Ever Worked For","Due to marriage and relocation, I had to leave this bank. If I would have been able to stay in Pittsburgh, I would still be working there. All aspects of this bank from management to work/life balance were excellent. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to use critical thinking skills to solve complex data issues early in my career. The hardest part of the job was having to leave due to marriage/relocation.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2017","5.0"
"Best Company I Ever Worked For","Due to marriage and relocation, I had to leave this bank. If I would have been able to stay in Pittsburgh, I would still be working there. All aspects of this bank from management to work/life balance were excellent. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to use critical thinking skills to solve complex data issues early in my career. The hardest part of the job was having to leave due to marriage/relocation.","Consumer Marketing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2017","5.0"
"n/a"," this bank is Great to work for i had a wonderful experience my first 2yrs there.They could use some management from with in the company, Management could be much better.","Branch Service and sale associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 27, 2017","3.0"
"Busy","Very good management at the branch I worked at, as well as very consistent workable hours. There was not much down time, and there was room for advancement if finance is your career goal.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 26, 2017","4.0"
"Smart bank","If I lived in Pitt, Cleveland or Chicago, I'd work for them in a heartbeat. I enjoyed the culture, management and the work. They get that success grows from customers and employees.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 26, 2017","5.0"
"Fast Pace","Working at this bank had it's challenges but for the most part was exciting with meeting new people everyday.Management was friendly and approachable. Workplace culture could use some work I never really got involved but at times favoritism could play it's part. The hardest part working on weekends but it was never a full day so one learned to adapt. I feel that the pay should have been more due to the nonstop atmosphere of work.","Teller","Former Employee","Martinsville, NJ","October 25, 2017","3.0"
"Loved it","Management was great. Training was formal AND paid. People who worked their were lovely and very helpful. Go in, get your drawer. Count it. Help Customers. Count Drawer again. Lock it up, and clean up. Simple job, and I loved every minute of it.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","October 25, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work depending on the job and department."," this bank is a great place to work depending on the department you work in. Recently they started to focus more on quantity than quality in certain department which lowered the moral among the team often leaving them stressed.","Credit Workout Analyst 1","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 25, 2017","3.0"
"What I learned","I learned many good skills at this bank and the banking industry. The benefits are great. this bank has taught me more financial responsibility personally and allowed me to advise others on the skills I learned.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Canal Fulton, OH","October 25, 2017","3.0"
"Fun environment / great staff","I worked pretty much 40+ hours a week with a great staff. The hardet part was staffing issues came into place with openers and closers for the branch I was working at. I enjoyed the people I worked with as well as the customers that came into our branch. The hours were steady for each week as well.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","LaGrange Park, Illinois","October 25, 2017","5.0"
"Great work place to learn many new skills","While working at this bank it was a great learning experience,and many great skills learned. Great leaning classes to update your skills. Great management that are willing to work with you.","Operation Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","October 24, 2017","5.0"
"Young atmosphere","Terrible work life balance...Buddy buddy system. Not what you know its who you know. They promote from outside instead of inside. They were hiring team leads from off the street and being trained by the agents","Customer Service RepII","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 24, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and fast paced environment","Productive and fast paced environment. I was active lead teller for 6months.Very nice coworkers but poor management and always short staff. Enjoy working with people.","active lead teller","Current Employee","Euclid, OH","October 24, 2017","3.0"
"bank environment","the job as teller was enjoyable the management was lacking. there was vacation time. i didn't like how we weren't able to get overtime in the branch. they forgot to give me my raise for 7 months.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 24, 2017","2.0"
"Nice place to work","The job for me itself was difficult as to why I'm no longer there. Some people were very nice and helpful and as any place some were not. The management was very nice and did try to help. I learned a little more with computers there. I ha checks come in that you had to figure out the problems with and then have them fixed. I did enjoy some of my time there.","Adjustment Specialist","Former Employee","Pgh PA","October 24, 2017","4.0"
"N/a","Hard place for a balance life. Not a very good connections with other departments. Good place to bank, and a good place to get experience. the people doing the managing are good, they just following the compliance rules.","Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 24, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and","it is a good bank, people are friendly. Many cohesive meetings. Budgets are in place to hardworking tellers and other branch staff. Corporate people are easy to obtain an appointment with.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 23, 2017","5.0"
"no the best","Depending on what region the branch is in depends on how the everyday life will go. They will try to help you build your career. Not the best when it comes to compensation.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Wintersville, OH","October 23, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and fun workplace with great benefits","Working for this bank was one of the most awesome jobs I had ever had. A typical day at work was fast paced and balanced. I learned how to balance my work in a timely manor. Management at this bank were very supportive and helpful. The most enjoyable part of the day was walking in this bank and seeing all the smiles the representatives had to offer.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","October 23, 2017","5.0"
"Great Benefits, Poor training","They get you in with the great benefits but have poor training in place for new hires and for new systems that are updating. Very little to no advancement if you have no degree even with knowledge and experience.","Support Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 23, 2017","3.0"
"Part time teller","One of the lowest paying banks around. It is also far behind with technology and leveraging it to process transactions.","Bank Teller - Business Banking Center","Current Employee","Annandale, VA","October 22, 2017","4.0"
"Care Sales Environment","Production and goals are what drive growth I understand, but the push and focus on numbers and sales at this bank are by far the worse I have ever experienced in my 9+ years of working. I have been in banking for 6 of those 9 and this company is horrible with the pressure. Every single day is littered with emails and conference calls about NUMBER NUMBERS NUMBERS. Your inbox will be cleared the day before and the next day you come in you see 100+ emails with every single branch flaunting about one account here one credit card there. We are literally coming in everyday to scam people into banking products PERIOD. We are forced to act as used car salesmen on a daily basis. Bonuses aren't even worth the effort and nearly impossible to hit them","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 22, 2017","2.0"
"revenue oriented","They seem to lose sight of their employees and are too focused on just making revenue. Frequent late hours with little notification. Seems to be a lot of bullying and favoritism within the company which doesn't allow for qualified employees to advance their careers.","Backup Teller Lead","Current Employee","Berlin, MD","October 21, 2017","3.0"
"Never know what to expect","I was hired in July of 2016 and on January 12th of 2017 we were all informed via a phone call that they were eliminating the Financial Specialist program as of April 21st. Poor planning. Poor management. They don't know what they want or are doing. I worked with a base salary plus commission","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Englewood, OH","October 20, 2017","3.0"
"Terrible Pay for Tellers","This bank should be ashamed of what they pay their Tellers. Tellers work with money and that is the most important thing in the bank besides the customers. And they work with the customers so that makes them work with the two most important things in a bank and they only get paid $9.82 an hour. That's awful!","Cashier","Former Employee","Kansas","October 20, 2017","1.0"
"Training is good","Management was out of touch. Very stressful with meeting goals. They hold you accountable for variables out of your control. Call nights and staying late","1st Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 19, 2017","2.0"
"Very competitive","Very focused on sales. Lots of coference calls about what you are doing wrong not right. Lots of good people work there and help make the job a lot better.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","October 19, 2017","3.0"
"decent place to work","1 decent place to work. good benefits. has a pension plan. two types of 401k and can participate in both. if not in a major city or willing to relocate, promotions are difficult to obtain","Branch Teller","Former Employee","Newberry, FL","October 19, 2017","4.0"
"Check Encoder","Encode the checks and deposits and check for balancing if needed. Always willing to help others when needed. Offered to help in other areas when needed.","Check Encoder and Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2017","5.0"
"Producttive and fun place to work"," this bank provides employees the room to grow and advance and bring your own personality to work as long as it coincides with their customer service requirements. A place where you can call home and stay for a long time.","Customer Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hyattsville, MD","October 18, 2017","5.0"
"Typical bank","Nothing new. Its a bank job and can be a good place to hone your customer service skills. No flexibility on hours and you don't get the best pay. Still ok place to work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Exton, PA","October 18, 2017","3.0"
"The hardest part of the job","The hardest part of this role is the on-the-job training experience for handling the sales and service sides of a branch store. You attend 3-5 day training workshops periodically to learn all about sales. However, there is not much preparation for handling scenarios in which you would need to provide services to customers.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","October 17, 2017","3.0"
"game room nice office","A typical day would be answering incoming calls from customers about there banking account working there I have learned to do different things all at one time the management there is great they are very caring and understanding the hardest part of the job to me is having to explain to customers where they may have went wrong on there account but the best thing about the job is getting to know customer that you never meat before and getting to know them from just a conversation","Customer service","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 17, 2017","5.0"
"stressful","the company is all about sales. Your life doesn't matter there is no support for new hires, employees are rude and not helpful, management doesn't care. unless you go in with prior this bank experience you are pretty much set up for failure.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA 19103","October 17, 2017","3.0"
"Fun to work","I have enjoyed working there and the place that I worked that I learned a lot about this and their management was good. Sometimes I get under pressure and I managed to get by the deadlines.","Data Entry Associates","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is the most underhanded company to work for","Because of the high rate of turn over, you are usually left to do the job of two to three other employees, but you are never compensated properly for it. this bank does not want you to have overtime on your paycheck, yet most days you may not get to take a lunch or be able to offset that over time. this bank lays out rules and policies that only apply to certain people when it benefits them. Management is an absolute joke. If you ever try to leave the company, even if you are in good standing with your coworkers and regional managers, those managers will try everything in their power to ensure you don't get hired anywhere else if they can help it. I know from personal experience. Not to mention sales goals are basically shoved down your throat, and if you don't meet those goals, this bank won't fire you for not meeting the goals, but they WILL fire you for not doing your 'job'. The sales pushing reminds me a lot of Wells Fargo, and if this bank is not careful, they will end up on the same chopping block that Wells Fargo has. I would never recommend this company to ANYONE.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","October 17, 2017","1.0"
"Long hours no management support"," this bank is the only bank I have ever worked for that did not require dual control to open or close the branch. Often times you were there by yourself all day.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","October 16, 2017","2.0"
"Work life Balance","Work life Balance is not balanced to well. The majority of my weekends I would often find myself having to put my family to the side to satisfy this bank and any additional free time / family time i would have to commit to this bank related activities.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","October 16, 2017","3.0"
"a lot required for little return","As a bssa you are required to exceed sales and have many goals which aren't reasonable based on your branch. Pay is low for the load work you take....","Branch Sales Service Associate","Current Employee","NJ","October 15, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","I really like my job I came with no banking experience but the training is very helpful I was able to earn a promotion in less than 6 months off being hired. They have a rule that you keep each position 1 year unless you have a written recommendation from your manager. My coworkers are great and very helpful and supportive. I have met several people who worked for the company who are either retired or quit that told me to stay it's a great place to work.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","October 15, 2017","5.0"
"Great benefits but poor management","Upper management has been degrading the quality and compansation of the job. Difficult to move up and raise are less than 1 percent. Bonus have difficult to come by and over the past 3 years have halved in the amount they pay out while manage have denied that they have.","Default specialist sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 14, 2017","3.0"
"Grea work environment","Recommend - friendly atmosphere, good work/life balance, tuition reimbursement, ability to develop career path and develop additional skills. Pleasant place to work!","Legal Secretary","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 14, 2017","5.0"
"Rocky start, terribble management","The training process was lengthy and frustrating. You were paid your reimbersments quickly, IF your manager approved them in a timely manner. Once, finally in my branch, the poor management continued and was validated by other employees. There was a lack of communication over the managers where abouts. She would come and go for hours as she pleased. We were not allowed actual breaks because of such a short staff. There was no extra coaching or help given after training, even though it was brought up to the branch manager as an issue. I personally felt demeaned and pushed aside by the branch manager.","Teller","Former Employee","Akron, OH","October 13, 2017","2.0"
"Good full time job while in college","While in college, this was an ideal job. The flexible scheduling mixed with the busy workplace was productive. However, despite popular belief, this job is predominantly sales. Goals are set high and are difficult to meet unless you really know how to talk. You have to be willing to learn, as the coaching is there. I would only recommend to those who are willing to learn to strategically sell - and you must be a people person.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","October 13, 2017","4.0"
" this bank - Good place to work","Very Challenging, motivating, and been blessed to work with great people. this bank is in growth market and looking to grow, so activities and sales are demanding. Good and diverse culture.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","NC","October 13, 2017","4.0"
"nice office to work in","I had a great supervisor and fantastic clients. I was only Peak Time so my hours were few and after 41/2 years I found a Full Time job with full benefits.","Teller","Former Employee","Bloomsbury, NJ","October 13, 2017","5.0"
"its a job","Its a good place to work at if your good at making sales. I'm not a sale person so this is not the best fit for me. Customer service I'm good with its just a matter of being nice to ppl. Westfield is the worst place to be a teller just fyi.","Teller","Current Employee","Westfield, NJ","October 13, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","the job was very faced paced learned a lot about cross selling and how to sell to people doing their grocery shopping and having to compete with a tradition branch that is in the same shopping center","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 12, 2017","4.0"
"review","all of these companies to the forefront can need more work with communication with executive that pushing a none realistic deaf tone bar and from experience it does not make the work place a great place to be around","Detail oriented sales professional","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 12, 2017","2.0"
