5900,"Friendly people to work with","I have played a huge part in my position as a team player. I have assisted other workers in projects, assisted other workers to get the work load at a set pace. My reviews have been outstanding from my supervisors. I have learned many new jobs at my department and fulfilled my supervisors expectations of me. The enjoyable part of my job is working with other co-workers who make the day go by smoothly by good attitudes and a friendly work area. My management has been there for me, to help me in decisions of my future.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","First Avenue Operations Center, Pgh Pa","April 3, 2014","4.0"
5901,"no life, expectations too high","I am what's called a 'switcher.' They have unrealistic goals you have to meet, called referrals. I love working with customers, but just the company has some tough expectations on their employees. You have to make everyday commitments and my manager looks down on you if they aren't met. My branch stays short handed and I see why. Glad I'm leaving next week. No matter how much you do, it's never enough. The pay is not much for the job and knowledge you have to have. I'm going somewhere else for same pay and less responsibilities. The customers are surveyed on their experience. If too low you have to be on coaching. If you like stress, never having a weekend off, and never seeing your family then this place is for you.","csa","Former Employee","Indiana","April 3, 2014","3.0"
5902,"Great First Step","Tons of opportunity to start. Salary restriction. Opportunity to advance diminishes.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Kentwood, MI","April 2, 2014","3.0"
5903,"Cooperative team","The various departments work hand in hand so the work gets done smoothly","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Branchbur, NJ","April 2, 2014","3.0"
5904,"Good experience under Banking also experience under Merging banks","always multitasking, generating ideas to increase sales, managers very friendly. Very limited option to value education and match this with compensation.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Des Peres, MO","April 2, 2014","1.0"
5905,"Engaging Environment"," this bank is a company that is innovative keeping with the technology to service today's clients. This a great company that is growing and building upon its brand.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Duluth, GA","April 2, 2014","4.0"
5906,"I felt it was a great privledge to work for such a large company and learn so much about the corporate world.","I was able to implement the company policies well, I understood them and the need for them provided the government restrictions. I enjoyed the people I worked with and the outside vendors very much. The job was time sensitive, but I was able to complete it and do a good job. I won several awards for accuracy as well as productivity. I received a great deal of daily information that I still use today.","Home Loan Closer Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2014","4.0"
5907,"Friendly atmosphere","Great place to work. Employee involvement. management was caring","Short Sale Negotiator","Former Employee","cleveland","April 1, 2014","5.0"
5908,"HORRIFIC in Birmingham Alabama","DO NOT go to work for this bank in Birmingham, AL in particular the Birmingham West Region it is the most unethical and horrific work environment I've EVER worked for in my 10+years in bank management. The Regional Manager for B'ham West is beyond horrible and is why you will CONSTANTLY see positions open in the Birmingham/Tuscaloosa area, there is always approx. 20%-30% vacancy in positions in the Birmingham West market because of the regional manager and the unethical manner he will force upon employees to manipulate their sales results. DO NOT GO WORK FOR this bank in Birmingham, Alabama....DON'T DO IT!!! this bank is a great company but the Birmingham market operates under its on rules that are wrong.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","March 31, 2014","1.0"
5909,"Great work/Life balance.","I feel that no matter what the difficulty or issue is outside of work they make time for you to balance it. Co-workers will work with you and it makes the job a lot less stressful knowing what is expected of you coming in and that goals are set to obtain and thrive.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2014","5.0"
5910,"Changed banking and placed of work","-good pay. -expensive medical insurance options. -ok other benefits. -no life -work balance for in-store branches. -huge pressure for sales","Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","March 29, 2014","3.0"
5911,"this bank has a great development program and offers great opportunities for hard working individuals","A typical day at work involves supporting 5-7 Senior Bankers through prospecting, cold calls, financial modeling, and creating pitch books to increase our market position in the southeast. Other day-to-day responsibilities include client interactions to provide products/services or solve issues, deliver Term Sheets/Commitment Letters, monitoring the deal process from execution to closing. I've learned that having a winning and can do attitude is important in this business. Being positive and open breeds success. More importantly, that building lasting relationships with both clients and co-workers is critical Management is key to the success of the team. However, in order for managers to be effective in their role, they need to have empowered employees who not only hold themselves accountable but also management. The Management team that I've worked for has had a tremendous amount of industry knowledge and had a great deal of success in banking. Being a Senior Associate supporting several Senior Bankers 'co-workers' is a great opportunity to learn and gain experience but also to build a personal relationship with your co-workers. My co-workers are a thoughtful group of people who are passionate about their role, clients, and ultimately winning but also share that same sense of passion as it relates to the team setting in the office. Each person wants to see the other person succeed and has always offered advice or ways that they could help an individual advance or accomplish a goal. The hardest part of the job is saying No. In an environment that is fun - more...","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 29, 2014","4.0"
5912,"Great Co-workers","I work with a lot of great people. There really is no typical day, each day is different. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that in working with such great people, we can all learn from each other different aspects of our job.","Sr Loan Closer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 27, 2014","4.0"
5913,"Good atmosphere for mid-market bank."," this bank Mortgage has a good management team and a great understanding of the market. They stay on top of new products and programs and provide a lot of support for their loan officers.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","March 27, 2014","4.0"
5914,"this bank Investments - the good, the bad, the ugly","Work / Personal life balance was amazing - flexible hours, work from home ability, etc. Cant beat it. As with most companies, this bank's health insurance has taken a nose dive. The only options now are a high deductible plan or a higher deductible plan....sad. Upper management at the investment department has changed over the past couple years and not for the better.","Vice President","Former Employee","cleveland, ohio","March 27, 2014","4.0"
5915,"Great job if you're looking for part time job or","This is a great job if you're looking for a part time job or retired. It's not a great job for a single mom or even parents looking to make a decent amount of money.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2014","3.0"
5916,"great place to work","management not around a lot and part timers had to work every Saturday.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","South Lyon, MI","March 26, 2014","4.0"
5917,"Management did not make you feel as if your work was good enough even though we received praise from the business groups I serviced.","Maintain over one thousand Windows servers. Responsible for working with business units to provide correct servers for the application. Maintained several applications that provided important audits for the bank which provided reports necessary for successful audit.","Senior Technical Platform Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2014","3.0"
5918,"customer service","answering customer calls, dealing with financial accounts and products.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2014","3.0"
5919,"this bank status employment","Hey guys I applied for a Postion with this bank. I was extanded the opportunity after I took the language test and I haven't heard from them since and I just checked the status and it said no longer inconsideration and I was told the date for training and all. Any feedback will be great.","teller","Current Employee","chicago","March 25, 2014","5.0"
5920,"Great Place to work","Employees and managers are warm and friendly. Flexible with appointments and family. Opportunities to learn something new every day.","Teller","Current Employee","Shepherdsville, KY","March 25, 2014","5.0"
5921,"not fun","The most enjoyable part was being my own boss. I really didn't learn anything the was just a temp. Job not my field.","maintenenance","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 25, 2014","1.0"
5922,"Co-Workers","Typical day at the job is dealing with customers and trying to get all of our referrals with the customers that come into the branch. I learned a lot while at this bank. I learned how to be a role model and a leader within the work place. I also learned how to deal with customers on daily basis and give them the five star treatment. My Teller Supervisor is a great lady and anyone that has her as a manager would feel the same way. She motivates us to be the best we can be at the work site. The hardes part of this job is dealing with angry customers and trying to get all the information such as referrals done since this is a slow branch. The most enjoyable part is dealing with appreciated customers and building new relationships.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington DC","March 25, 2014","4.0"
5923,"Fast paced enviorment","Overall, this was a basic office enviornment with a chance to progress within the company. The management had an open door policy and I liked the pace of this job.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2014","3.0"
5924,"Overall great job","Reviewed appraisals. set values, collected property related data via internet + othe sources. Fielded loan officer requests via phone and e-mail. Colaborated with management to exceed management expectations.","COLLATERAL REVIEWER","Former Employee","Remote, worked from home office.","March 24, 2014","4.0"
5925,"Great Atmosphere","Processed checks worked in retail lock box department. Very fast paced.","Payment Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 24, 2014","5.0"
5926,"no career growth","As a customer banking teller and mentor, my primary goal is to create a welcoming environment in the branch, build rapport and provide outstanding service to the bank clients and new employees. I am responsible for performing accurate account transactions which mirror the sales process (Opportunity Management, Needs Assessment, Present/Pitch, Fulfillment, and Follow Up) in my daily work to create a positive client experience.","Customer banking teller and new employee mentor","Current Employee","Cedar Knolls, NJ","March 21, 2014","5.0"
5927,"Great working team that works together to meet our branch goals","I really enjoy working with this bank. I work mostly with the operations of the branch to make sure we stay in compliance with all the regulations that the bank has to follow. I feel like this bank is going to a more sales driven bank and my passion is with operations. I enjoy keeping up with all the reports I do as well as helping customers and maintaining the operation level needed to run the branch.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Raleigh NC","March 21, 2014","5.0"
5928,"love the interaction with clients and co-workers","I truly enjoy my co-workers and helping the clients with their banking needs."," this bank BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Venice, FL","March 20, 2014","3.0"
5929,"Pushy sales for little compensation","typical day includes servicing all customer accounts while trying to sell a this bank product.","Teller","Current Employee","Wake Forest, NC","March 20, 2014","3.0"
5930,"A night at this bank","Come in at 4 assist the receiving department to prep the work for proof encoder. Correct and balance customer accounts to ensure they received the correct amount in their account. Encode when needed.","Operations Senior Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2014","5.0"
5931,"Senior Account Executive","My day typically begins by working on scheduling, and follow up with Pre-planned appointments for the day. This is usually represented by about 90 percent Self Sourcing, and some Company Leads. I then spend about 1-2 Hours max reviewing my Pipeline Report for my existing Loans I am working on, and communicating directly with my Processor in follow up with my Clients. By 1pm, I am out on a direct Route I have established for myself, meeting and greeting with my Realtor base of around 20-25 Agents within a given week. I continue to build their Loyalty, and pull in Business for this bank. I cultivate multiple relationships within a given transaction from the Borrower, to the both the Seller, and Buying Agents all the way to the Closings with the Title Company. I usually average 4-5 Applications Per week that convert to 5-10 Closed Transactions Per Month. I love my job, but I simply need a new challenge in Sales.","Senior Account Executive","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 19, 2014","3.0"
5932,"Nice call center work environment","Collect on past due accounts, assist with floor walking and escalated calls, assist with updating collection projects.","Senior Team Lead","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 19, 2014","5.0"
5933,"High paced workplace with little room for advancement","Daily routine consists of managing the workflow production floor of over 50 employees in a high paced environment. I have learned to multitask duties to obtain optimum performance off employees in order to meet customer deadlines. Hardest part of my job is to gain the confidence of my fellow employees which takes time as well as learning to use the correct people skills with each individual employee. Most enjoyable part of my job would be each day gaining more knowledge of what I do. Example learning more of the system and trouble shooting problems. I believe the more empowdered you are the strong you are for your employees.","opertions work lead 1","Current Employee","itasca, illinois","March 19, 2014","3.0"
5934,"Do not understand work/life","A typical day is expected routine. I enjoy to satisfy the client but tough to get vacation schedule needed, even request in 6 month advance.","Operator Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 18, 2014","2.0"
5935,"A Productive And Growing Company That Feels Like A Second Family","A typical day at work is coming into a descent size work environment where you are around professional experienced individuals that are very friendly and very helpful when needed. There is a lot of training involved due to different changes within your position or the company What I really like is how your managers go to bat for their employees when certain departments have escalations in regards to the mortgage loans that you are currently working on. this bank treats their employees like the professionals that we are to where we aren't strapped to our chairs or have to ask to get up from our desk. It's a great work environment and time really flies due to you staying busy. This company is constantly growing and I have repeatedly recommended it to others, and I always continue to do so.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 18, 2014","5.0"
5936,"Great Company","Great company. I've truly enjoyed working at this bank. Good corporate culture, very team oriented. The benefits and pay have also been good.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Riverdale, MD","March 18, 2014","5.0"
5937,"Great Team atmosphere","People treat you like family genuinely care about how you are doing and offer to help if there is anything wrong","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 18, 2014","5.0"
5938,"A typical day for me is described below","I open the branch, make sure the tellers have enough cash to handle the needs of the day. We have a sales meeting where we set our daily sales goals and how we are going to achieve them. I provide quality customer to my customers. I coach my tellers so they can achieve the desired results as well as making sure they are providing quality customer service. We have a wrap up meeting to see how everyone did and what we can change to achieve the goals we set in the morning.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Bloomfield, MI","March 18, 2014","4.0"
5939,"Customer Service","A typical work day would be assisting customers with hew accounts, making deposits, and withdraws.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 17, 2014","3.0"
5940,"Great Company","Great Company to work for! Work life balance and training are first rate.","Regional Sales Service Support Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 17, 2014","5.0"
5941,"Please see resume.","Trust Officer responsible for fiduciary management of over 100 accounts comprising of investment management, custody, trusts, estates, and retirement accounts. Participated in sales effort, which included initial contact with prospects to discuss trust and estate planning needs. Prepared comprehensive asset reports for clients in order to identify estate and financial planning needs. Assisted clients with the funding of trusts and handled the administration of wills and decedent's estates. Worked closely with local professionals to source new business as well as bring in local professionals to assist with client's estate and financial planning needs. Developed relationships with local professionals in the Fredericksburg area including attorneys, tax professionals, accounting firms, financial planners, insurance specialists, Realtors, home health care providers, funeral home directors, hospitals, nursing homes, probate and circuit court clerks and area commissioners of accounts.","Trust Officer","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 17, 2014","5.0"
5942,"Large company and easy to get lost in","Your just a number. Easy to not be noticed. Round hole in square peg.","METRICS and ANALYTICS SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 16, 2014","3.0"
5943,"Productive workplace with great compensation.","Most enjoyable part of the job are you this bank BANK customers.Although the job does require you to push products that may or may not fit every customer.","FINANICAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","fredericksburg, va","March 14, 2014","4.0"
5944,"this bank is a company that provides great benefits to their customers and employees.","At this bank we provided all financial services to Customers, from Retail Banking needs, to Mortgage and loan services, etc. I learned the importance of building good relationships with customers so that they will consider the company as their first and primary source for all financial needs, services, and products. Management consisted of hardworking, dedicated individuals who strived hard to make this bank one of the best companies to work for; and provide great financial services and products to consumers and businesses My co-workers were also very hardworking, team players that were aware of this bank expectations and motto; these employees represented the company well. I was very proud to be part of that team of individuals.","Default Services","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 13, 2014","4.0"
5945,"Productuve Workplace","Sending car titles to either customers, insurance companies, credit unions, or dealerships once the loan has been paid in full. No question is a stupid question. Know where your work is coming from, how to do it and where it goes after it leaves your desk.","Collateral Associate Clerk I","Current Employee","Consumer Loan Center Pittsburgh, PA. 15222","March 12, 2014","4.0"
5946,"Great place to work","best consumer, and business banking in the market. Work consists of daily quick start huddles, where the goals and objectives of the day are laid out, following with a focus daily on one or two sales and service areas. Working with all levels of management was very easy and all management seemed to be hands on.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Columbus Ohio","March 12, 2014","5.0"
5947,"Fun workplace with valuable life skills","Excellent management. Good, hard-working employees. Opportunity to earn valuable and insightful financial tools that can be both used in and out of the workplace. Primarily accountable for the efficient execution of the customer experience, and realization of growth goals set for the branch, as well as, ensuring that our customers experience excellent service and satisfaction in all contacts at the teller line. • Contribute to ensure that the branch can satisfy its growth and revenue plans through the attainment of all sales referral goals established • Ensure excellent teller operational performance through adherence to and compliance with all policies and procedures • Products knowledge includes checking accounts, savings accounts, this bank Virtual Wallet, basic lending and other consumer banking products.","Teller","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","March 12, 2014","4.0"
5948,"this bank Mortgage, the newest division of this bank.","• Typical banking hours, 8-4:30pm. • Thoroughly educated on operations management. • Strong team environment among peer employees. • Pro: Steady pipeline. • Con: Software mis-management.","Mortgage Operations Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","March 11, 2014","3.0"
5949,"Great place to work","Great position for just starting. Pay is not the best but the people are easy to work with. Hard for advancement based on company rules.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Jamesburg, NJ","March 11, 2014","4.0"
