"great workplace","fast paced and fun always learning new functions, continued learning process. I have learned a lot about banking in my time here. They care about the employees.","Commercial Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 27, 2017","4.0"
"Great company to work for","Worked with great people who took pride in their work and professional conduct. Enjoyed getting to know the customers and being able to help them. this bank did a great job boosting moral and acknowledging hard work and successes. Benefits are also very good.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Warren, PA","April 27, 2017","5.0"
"High Turnover","Due to high turnover and an inability to hire enough qualified employees to accomplish the workload, it makes for a stressful atmosphere to work in. It is a good company overall, just poorly managed at the mid to low levels.","Senior Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 26, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and relaxed environment","Fast-paced, call center with high call volume. I learned the software used while the management is friendly and welcoming. The culture is relaxed and family-oriented.","Multi-Channel Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 26, 2017","4.0"
"I love this bank","I Loved the interaction I had with my customers on a day to day. My co-workers and managers always made the day much more fun. The managers always appreciated your time and effort that you put in to the company. The only thing that I did not like was the pay. The pay did not match the work and made it very hard to make ends meet. Other than the pay I loved working for this bank they are and will forever be family.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, PA 15301","April 25, 2017","5.0"
"Neutral","I can not review this company at this moment as I still hold a position at this institution. My review is neutral and experience depends on different factors.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Lodi, NJ","April 24, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and challenging work environment with friendly people","Working as a personal banker and Accountant assistant with 5 years of experience learnt a lot new accounting techniques and dealt with lots of new faces in challenging work environment.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","April 24, 2017","3.0"
"Pay Plan is the worst","Quarterly Pay plan is terrible, it's paid 45 days after the end of quarter and if you are not employed at that time you lose the whole payout. It seems like they try their hardest not to pay it out.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Clarkston, MI","April 24, 2017","1.0"
"Great Company but Regionals suck","Great Company but Regional was very weak when it comes to Team management and motivation. Overall the company was great. Loved the CEO and Upper Management overall. I believe message comes wrong when it comes to Regional managers Regionals need to grow within the this bank not from WELLS or other cultures...","Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 24, 2017","3.0"
"Good work environment","Good place to work. Fast based culture and good people all around. Stressful environment at peek intervals and there is complexity here. However, management is very engaged in what is going on and support.","Unit Manager","Current Employee","Pit","April 24, 2017","4.0"
"Nice growth opportunity","The job is not my dream job, and I originally started working there out of high school part time to just get through life. Now, 6 years later I've been promoted a few times, gotten a lot of awesome life experience, and all around I've had a great time working there. Like i said, this wasn't my career goal, but the connections I've made, and the things I've learned are great.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 24, 2017","5.0"
"Room to grow. Low pay. Micromanaged.","Very low pay for the work that you do. Duties and responsibilities change everyday. Too much paperwork. Personnel changed constantly so you always felt short handed.","Teller Lead - Gahanna Branch (Universal)","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 23, 2017","3.0"
"Ok","NICE manganment. Nice offices. Good compensation. Good personel. There are areas of oppurtunity. The branch needs to be given a little more power to make decisions.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Lithonia, GA","April 23, 2017","4.0"
"Depends on the People","The company is pretty great, when I first started working at this bank I enjoyed it very much. As time went on we got new people and it became similar to high school.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Avon, IN","April 22, 2017","4.0"
"Poor Working Environment","There is such a high turnover rate that nobody knows what they are doing. If you are a newer employee and have a question and asked multiple people you will get a different answer from each person. Branch reps call in constantly because they get very little training and they don't know what they are doing. Customers are constantly angry because they get incorrect information from employees. The management is extremely poor. The coaches and mentors are even worse. This experience not only has me looking for a new job, but will also have me looking for a new bank.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 21, 2017","1.0"
"Friendly environment","Very Friendly environment and Professional co-workers. I enjoyed working with them.Also every body was very helpful. If anybody asking for any help, somebody step in right-way.","Quality Assurance Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 20, 2017","5.0"
"Overall great place"," this bank pays well but closes a lot of branches so good people lose jobs. Overall I think this company was a great place to work. The advancements were available if you want to drive great distance.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Lewiston, MI","April 20, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I enjoy working at this bank. I have worked with a large variety of people at all levels and have gained a ton of knowledge. this bank is big on community and that makes working there enjoyable.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 20, 2017","5.0"
"Great work enviornment","Learned a lot, got along with the team and got the job done. Was able to work from home permanently and it was productive. We had our meetings over the phone.","QA Lead","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 20, 2017","5.0"
"Good place to work and good people to work with.","I enjoyed working at this bank. Worked with a lot of good people. Unfortunately I was only a contractor and my contract ended. I wish that I could have been hired on as a full time employee. I know I would have stayed with them for as long as possible.","Genesis 10 Contractor","Former Employee","Lenexa, KS","April 20, 2017","4.0"
"Great company!","I have been employed by this bank for 2 years and like any company, we have transitions; no company is perfect and all transitions are not horrible. Honestly, it's up to the individual employee to determine if they will have a great day. If someone finds it difficult to see the good in any situation, they will not be satisfied anywhere they work In general, this bank has been good to me because I have been good to them. Although I have a lot going on in my life, I still manage to come to work with a positive attitudes. You get back what you give and if you are willing to give your best, others will see you shine and great things will happen for you and those who shine with you. this bank may not be for everyone, but I am doing the most with what I have with this bank and when it's time to transition to something new, I will still be proud to tell anyone that I've worked for this bank.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 19, 2017","5.0"
"Productive, fun pace to work.","The workplace culture is very calm and enjoyable. Coworkers are willing to help you along the way. Questions forwarded to the management team are answered in a timely manner.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 19, 2017","5.0"
"Do not like long term employees","Once this bank took over bank N in November 2009 and me being a long term top performing manager for 18 years calling off work only 6 days in my life, I met with my new manager for the second time. He let me go because he felt that I lacked management skills.","Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 19, 2017","1.0"
"Great !","I loved my time with this bank! The people you work with everyday are great. The company is different and cares about the employees and customers. If I wouldn't have moved would stl be there.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Auburn, IN","April 18, 2017","5.0"
"Great Place to work","I enjoyed working for this bank Mortgage. Had great management, team environment, and I felt they were very understanding of work and family life balance. Can be stressful sometimes, but overall, great place to work.","Liaison","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 18, 2017","4.0"
"A workplace to be proud of as an employee","A diverse workforce that employees feel valued, respected and proud of the work that is achieved daily. The company creates an environment of teamwork, integrity and quality of life. Great employee benefit packages for employees and great quately incentive plans.","Vice President","Former Employee","Beltsville, MD","April 18, 2017","4.0"
"Childish environment","This company has so much potential and where 1 manager wants to care for all, 5 want to create and foster an environment of immaturity The whole universal model theyve implemented in branches in which a personal banker does the job of a teller and a sales agent as well as an assistant manager yet only gets paid for one of the titles, is the most unsafe model EVER. in the span of a few months a few branches (INCLUDING where I worked at before transferring) were robbed at gun point I am on my way out and wouldnt recommend working at any branch that has this universal model but overall i think the company means well and its just filled with too many people who care very little about others and just want to do whatever they can to be liked by the higer ups.","Service Associate I","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 18, 2017","3.0"
"Terrific commercial bank","I am grateful I began my career at this bank. I worked with terrific mentors and developed a deep understanding of financial markets. The culture is very team oriented.","Commercial Credit Advisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 18, 2017","5.0"
"Fun Workplace","Great place to work the atmosphere was good as well as the co-workers. Management really helped out with any questions. The rewards program is awesome.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 17, 2017","4.0"
"Great company","It was a great place to work with co-workers and a manager (and actually other managers as well) there to give you support. The training was not as good as it should have been and on-the-job-training was hard to do with everyone with a client and not having someone to help you. That slowed me down a bit. My branch was Universal, meaning you worked all aspects of banking. Teller, platform, and lobby. Great concept, but hard to do in reality. However, those that can be persistent and can close sales, you will make a boatload of money. I loved helping customers. I didn't like trying to sell to customers unless I knew it would help them out. Banks are a business and I hate I couldn't be that person they wanted me to be, but they supported me and gave me all sorts of help in trying to make me a better banker. I have no one to blame but myself. Geat company with good pay and benefits and time off. I would never have left if I could have succeeded the way they (and I) wanted me to.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Greenville, DE","April 17, 2017","5.0"
"Not Dependable Place to Work","Management conducted an unorganized projects. During the project was changes was not planned. In the middle of the project they laid off staff during the Holidays.","Infrastructure Project Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 17, 2017","1.0"
"no good","I think that a few this bank's are great and wonderful to work at but others are awful huge turn over rate and never enough staff to work at the other branchs we were always going from one location to another. never a steady routine","teller","Former Employee","Pike Creek, DE","April 16, 2017","1.0"
"Great company but work environment is not good.","The company is a great company. They embrace diversity. However, depending on the Branch, the management and employees can be very challenging. The environment can be full of gossip, back biting and judgement. It's too bad because the company is a really good one.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","April 14, 2017","3.0"
"Good Company"," this bank has been a great company to work for and is constantly changing to adapt to the new style of workforce. Work from Home options are beginning to take place more frequently.","Continuous Improvement Engineer","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","April 13, 2017","4.0"
"No pay raises","They change your entire job. no chance for advancement. lack of communication. Decision makers have no idea what job you do. constant threats of discipline for mistakes","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 13, 2017","2.0"
"They gave me a chance to prove myself.","This is a good bank with decent products. I was able to move up from a teller to a branch banker position within 1 year. this bank is a very conservative bank. That being said, you never have to worry about a customer service scandal ripping your customer base away from you.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Northern VA","April 13, 2017","4.0"
"Great benefits, not so great managers","Culture is very typical chain down management but the benefits are great. Vacation and pay are good but the people at the bottom are not always treated the same as 'higher up' positions are.","Management Trainee","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","April 13, 2017","4.0"
"Benefits are good. Free Parking at our loction. Flexible work schedule. Distance from home and work are nice."," this bank as a whole is a nice company to work. Benefits 401K, paid sick days, paid vacation days and holidays, HSA, and education benefits. Management needs training on how to respect and treat their co-workers who are not their peers.","Commercial Transaction Coordinator","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 12, 2017","3.0"
"Professionally yet detached","I liked this bank - I didn't see much chance for advancement and they offered little benefits. There was test office moral, however, little understanding during pregnancy as far as morning sickness, etc.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Team orieneted, hard work but paid off","I enjoyed working for the company. I started off with a great manager that was willing to always help when needed. Then ended my employment due to the new manager being too involved in personal life as opposed to his employees hitting numbers","Loss Mitigation Negotiator III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"friendly"," this bank is a very easy company to work for. the environment is very friendly and fast paced. If you love helping people with their finances this bank is the place for you!","Teller","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Hostile Work Environment"," this bank's management in my particular branch was incredibly mediocre and created a hostile work environment. Though I did my best to learn the skills necessary to be successful, it seemed as if my manager wanted me to fail.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Eldersburg, MD","April 11, 2017","1.0"
"Large organization with opportunity for advancement. Pay is not that great.","Working for this bank gives you a lot of opportunity for internal advancement and helps you diversify your skills and experience. Also, they have offices in several states so you can move around the country within the job.","Senior Associate - Retention Group","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Management","The management is supposed to be there to help their employees but at this bank they only help themselves and no one else. You are supposed to feel like you have a best friend while working there but all you get are back stabbers.","Teller","Former Employee","Sellersburg, IN","April 11, 2017","1.0"
"Head Teller","Working at this bank is just like working at any other commercial financial institution; fast, high energy, interacting with customers, making referrals and knowing the company's products and service seeing that the teller is basically the face of the business.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Boynton Beach, FL","April 11, 2017","4.0"
"Best Place To Work","This was the best job I ever had, the only problem I had was that our compensation was extremely low for what we were doing. Their safety procedures were great","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 10, 2017","5.0"
"Solid company, positioned well in the industry","Overall a nice place to work. A leader in the industry. Would recommend as a place to work. Seasoned management willing to adapt to changes in the industry.","Strategic Sourcing Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2017","4.0"
"Every now and than new challenges","It was fast paced job and learned how to deal with different kind of people and their needs. Management was very flexible but also kept us on our toes by giving different challenges. Overall it was fun place to work.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 10, 2017","3.0"
"structured and routine","I started as a teller for this bank and with this company i grew as much as i could until i had to move. I loved the customer interactions and all that i learned with this company.","Business Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2017","5.0"
"Productive fun work place","I love my work place it's really nice good place to work. Management is good they give opportunity to people by looking your performance. Love my supervisor","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","April 10, 2017","5.0"
"production oriented","all about the numbers not a caring workplace. does not offer incentives or discounts of any type, just work your 8 hours and go home more like robots not people","Operations Analyat 1","Former Employee","NC","April 9, 2017","3.0"
"Productive Fun Work Place","Learned a lot about banking. It was a great experience; however, for all the money Sales and Service Reps bring to the company through sales; the pay was too low; there was no where to go within the company if you worked in store; and a terrible work life balance; you work just about every weekend. The hardest part of the job is that you were required to sell a certain amount of products that a lot of customers did not see the value. This would be great experience for someone straight out of high school.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Maryland","April 8, 2017","3.0"
"Great Company","Great place to work, room for growth and building your career. Lots of perks for employees, from free accounts to discounts on loans and education reimbursement.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","PA","April 8, 2017","5.0"
"management","Good company to work for to start off, the pay is good and there are several incentives but management is very unprofessional they lack good communication in several areas.","customer service consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","April 8, 2017","3.0"
"Management by Chaos"," this bank Mortgage had an unusually top bottom way of managing...very prone to elitism and favoritism. The atmosphere was not conducive to enjoying work and everyone seemed to feel they were at risk of job loss.","Technical Writer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 8, 2017","2.0"
"Transitional Issues","Compensation/Benefits is poor. Advancement opportunity is there but Compensation does not follow this bank is going though a system transformation and Job security is at question There has been a turnaround lately of quality workers (Subject matter experts). I have felt comfortable there for many years, Not so much as of late","Loan Credit Workout Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 8, 2017","2.0"
"Way to much micro-managing","Can't start processing until you are issued work each day; usually right at your start time. If you start and are not signed in you will be terminated. Have to take specific breaks, whether you are in the middle of something or not. You are given vacation time, but are limited to when you can use them, forcing you to turn days in at the end of the year.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","April 8, 2017","2.0"
"Great people Latest Technology","I really enjoyed myself working here at this bank. Great team. Great people. Latest cutting edge technology. Flexibility. Career opportunity.. Work life balance.","Database Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2017","4.0"
"If you like feeling that you are not good enough then work for this bank","Where do I start. Backstabbing people everywhere. Its best to just keep your head down and do your work. No such thing as loyalty. Everyone is just looking our for themselves. Horrible pay.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","April 7, 2017","1.0"
"Great people, great culture","Great people at the firm with a very strong culture. Has the NY wall street work ethic with the Midwestern DNA, which is unique at a firm and hard to find.","Analyst","Former Employee","New York, NY","April 7, 2017","5.0"
"Fun and Productive"," this bank offers great incentives when you reach your goal, and offers strategies on how to achieve these goals. They offer great benefits and allow you to work from home.","Quality Control Specialist","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","April 7, 2017","3.0"
"Horrible","Working there was horrible. I never had been so stressed in my life. You are a machine to them and they don't care. You have to work forced overtime which they have the right to take back. If you live close to their I guess that wouldn't be a problem but if you commute back and forth from the city it can be quite time consuming. They are a 24/7 operation yet there is no flexibility. Everyone talks about everyone and the only way to move up is to best friends with a supervisor or manager. Turnover was high when I was there at about 35%, I left three years ago and I 've heard its higher than that. As people come in the door people are going out.","Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","April 6, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to work, but compensation could be better.","Typical day at work is ensuring your customer's financial well-being is taken care of as well as they have all that they need. Daily operations of servicing accounts and dealing with all type of people and cultures, adjusting to customers needs and manners.","Service Specialist","Current Employee","Mount Laurel, PA","April 6, 2017","4.0"
"Great company for learn new things","A typical day at work is fast. I verify the income for the underwriters and sometimes have to help in some of the underwriter duties. I verify all types of income from military, retirement, self employed and wage.","Verifier of Income for Underwriter Analyst II","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 6, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","Typical Day: Fast pace What I learned: How to manage my time wisely. Management: Great Person always willing to work with me. Workplace Culture: WE are all different and are allowed to express that. Hardest Part Of The Job: Getting everyone to work together as a tea The most enjoyable part of the job: Being able to go home at the end of the day knowing you have accomplished what you set your goall for in the morning","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Bethlehem, PA","April 6, 2017","5.0"
"Banking is the same anywhere","Banking was fun when I first started but more and more it became mostly about pushing clients into opening accounts and applying for services that were completely unneeded, simply for the fact that each employee has to reach a certain number of accounts on a monthly basis. The job is more about reaching goals and hitting certain numbers rather than actually getting to know your clients and really following them through into the directions they need to go. Many times if you didn't reach your goals at the end of the month, you would have to pull an all-nighter making phone calls to clients with a nice savings account and beg them to come in and turn some of that cash into a frozen long-term account. It was dreadful.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","April 5, 2017","4.0"
"Fine","Was able to learn and grow. Advancement available if desired. Technology is growing with the times. And customer service is priority.Benifeits are desirable such as health, life, dental insurance as well as retirement options","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Greenfield, IN","April 5, 2017","4.0"
"expect to be sales people","Want you to cross sell and push products on a constant basis. Want you to cold call customers to sell products and services. I do not feel that is a teller's job. That job is for management.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","April 5, 2017","3.0"
"Best team i had.","I had an amazing team, learnt a lot.Amazing Manager. Wonderful experience. Very flexible timings and one of the best leads I had at work.Definitely an amazing work place.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Farmington Hills, MI","April 5, 2017","5.0"
"Depends on what you do!","It's not a family oriented culture like it was when bank N was the company, they took care of their employees and now that it's this bank they only take care of the Executive.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 5, 2017","1.0"
"Too busy for training","head first dive into commercial property management, be sure its a right fit prior to taking it on, good people, company and team dynamic is difficult to maneuver for new employees.","Real Estate Services Coordinator","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 5, 2017","2.0"
"good work life balance","great work life balance and good for starting off in banking. Hours are not bad a typical 9-5 work day. All work is usually done within the office hours.","FINANCIAL SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Edison, NJ","April 4, 2017","5.0"
"Great diversity, strong support by management"," this bank is a great company to work for. This has been my first 'adult' job starting out and the tools they give you to learn the material is fantastic. A typical day at work starts at 8:30am and if you close, ends at about 5:45/6PM. Management is fabulous and how the branches come together as a team is fantastic.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","O'Fallon, IL","April 4, 2017","4.0"
"Great company,Great growth environment within the company.","Excellent benefits,friendly environment,great opportunities to gro with company and achieve your desired position.Fun activities and great management .","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","April 4, 2017","5.0"
"Never enough","You can never do enough at this job. Always require more. Compensation is terrible. They call it needs based selling but they want you to product push everything to everyone.","Business Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Northern Nj","April 4, 2017","3.0"
"resolve customer bank issues","resolved issues with bank card transactions. helped with troubleshooting online acces helped with refunding for overage helped to guide customers on the right account types for them","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 4, 2017","2.0"
"Overall, not the worse place to work.","I've worked in both the retail and operations of this bank. They provide you the tools to meet your goals. Its your choice to participate in employee engagement opportunity which they do provide. I participated in several this bank outtings and enjoyed my time to meet people in different departments. Always great to put yourself out there and network. Overall, not a bad place to work.","Detection and Investigation Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 4, 2017","4.0"
"A horrible company","While working at this bank I experienced a lot of different changes. When i originally applied I was told my job wouldnt be focused on sales. When i got hired in about a month in thats all they focused on and my job was even threatened if I didn't pick up my sales.","Full time Teller","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 3, 2017","2.0"
" this bank","If you're looking for a place to work, this is it! They offer great benefits. Its very hard to advance. They offer great quality training. The culture varies depending on you job","Loan Officer","Current Employee","Towson, MD","April 3, 2017","2.0"
"Not Bad, Not Great","Training is mediocre and a lot of times you are just thrown into your position with little to no help from another branch employee. Pay is just OK, benefits are decent.","Teller","Former Employee","Taylor, MI","April 3, 2017","3.0"
"Good benefits and okay pay","Overall nice but not enough pay for me with all the stress on sales goals and tracking sales. Management and staff are nice and very professional and willing to help you advance but you have to want a career selling.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","April 3, 2017","3.0"
"Unpleasant work enviroment.","Uncomfortable and overly demanding work environment. Human resources unpleasant to deal with. An environment that did not promote internal promotions.","Senior Financial Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 3, 2017","4.0"
"not a good place to work","I would rather not say a whole lot of negative about this company. but i will say to use it as a stepping stone and get out. take your experience elsewhere.","Workflow Coordinator","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","April 2, 2017","1.0"
"Felt like a lot of turnover in 1 year","As an underwriter, the work life balance is not comparable to larger corporations unless you are hired to work from home which many underwriters do at this bank.","Mortgage Underwriter I","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 2, 2017","4.0"
"Great Company","Good company that promotes diversity on all levels, strong foundation of customer service and client interaction. Large institution with a small town feel.","Workplace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","April 2, 2017","5.0"
"The most work balanced company to work for.","the management was wonderful they helped you strive to better your self. The culture was wonderful but the hardest part of the job was meeting the dead lines.","Liquidation Credit Analyst III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 2, 2017","5.0"
"okay place to work","If you are not a favorite they do not care about you. They do not have your back and for the most part it is like being in high school. I loved it at first but as time went on, I became miserable.","Assistant Branch Manger","Current Employee","multiple","April 2, 2017","1.0"
"very competitive/ sales oriented","I was part of a bank that was acquired by this bank. Subsequently, I left this bank. The bank is great for people that need to be managed constantly. this bank is very rigidly structured and you know exactly how to arrange your desk and what should be worked on at what time of the day. If you are in need of structured guidance, this bank is the place for you.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","April 1, 2017","3.0"
"Awesome establishement","A wonderful working environment for those who love working in banking institutions. It is definitely a great working environment with wonderful co-workers. Most enjoying part of the job is the people and the working environment.","Scrum Master","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 1, 2017","5.0"
"Awesome place to work!"," this bank was great to me. Earned incentives, management was always caring and understanding, the culture was contagious with all positivity. Nothing waste difficult to accomplish, management always gave employees enough time and gave us the tools to reach our goals.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Robertsdale, AL","March 31, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company to Work for","Overall this was a good place to work but due to moving I needed to find something closer to home. My manager was fantastic but the cons is that the departments didn't work well as a team combined.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 31, 2017","3.0"
"I didn't want to leave","Some of the greatest people work at this bank. By now all the former bank N way of thinking has been weeded out or brought to it's knees. I didn't want to leave, but change came.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 31, 2017","4.0"
"Worked for this bank a long time things change time to move on","Originally this bank was a great place to work, things change ( people, ideas, ect. ), met a lot of great people in my time there long gone now, like a lot of Companies out with the old in with the new.","Operation Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2017","3.0"
"Licensed Branch Financial Sales Consultant","• Spread the this bank Brand though exemplary customer service which includes lobby management, customer interaction, and local area events. • Maintained branch book of business through the bank N Conversion, integrating the customers into true this bank customers • Provide outstanding financial advice that allows clients to meet their lives' goals, though a variety of different products including banking tools, mutual funds, annuities and insurance products. • Increased customer penetration in all areas including business banking, retail banking, investments, mortgages and other electronic services.","Licensed Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Canton, MI","March 30, 2017","3.0"
"Great place to work","This company is a great company to work for, they really believe in their employees. The only opportunity for them maybe the pay. The company show a lot of value in their employees. Great with the community.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Olney, MD","March 30, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company","Good manager team, life and work balance. Everyone will help you achieve your goals and will help you grow withing the bank. if you work hard you will make it far in the company","ACCEL Consumer and Small Business Associate","Current Employee","Passaic, NJ","March 29, 2017","3.0"
"great","collections sucked but this place was great! I met the best friends. I always felt supported to do well. There was always training. Always intervention before you're in trouble. police comes into company parking lot to run plates and give tickets while you're' working. they'll tow you.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 29, 2017","5.0"
"Good work environment","Although the pay could be a lot better, the work environment is very good. Employees work together to provide an outstanding customer experience. I would recommend this company.","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","Erie, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Dealing with problems","Your are dealing with individuals who have encountered banking issues. Whether it is a matter of an overdrawn account or problems accessing their account on line you are the first person people call.","Call Center Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","State College, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Financial/ Sales","Working for this bank is an in store environment is not the typical banking work environment. You do a lot of sales and selling products. Mostly customer interactive and pushing this bank products","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","March 29, 2017","3.0"
"Decent Job","Job is okay there's a lot of room for advancement. The pay can suffice in the beginning but you'll eventually make more as long as you switch departments. If you like taking calls all day and sitting down this may be the perfect fit for you","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Good Job","Good people to be around when I was at my branch in Philadelphia. The hours were challenging but I enjoyed my time there. The days were exciting and the idea of reaching my sales goals always helped me.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 29, 2017","4.0"
"Good company. Fabulous management","Financial management group is the best team ever that I have work for. Job work life balance is superb, compensation and benefit not bad at all. Fabulous management group and excellent job culture","Senior Oracle Database Administrator","Current Employee","College Park, MD","March 28, 2017","5.0"
"sit at desk on phones all day non stop collecting long hours","get on ur computer get everything brought up an ready for calls weekly meetings daily huddles inbound and outbound calls. collecting for their mortgages payments if past due set up repay plans or get them further assistant. hardest part is sitting in a chair for like 10 hours. some management is more helpful than other earn monthly bonues","Consumer Support Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 27, 2017","3.0"
"Management","Management wants to tell you what you need to be doing, instead of helping out when you need it and there is a definite lack of leadership at my branch.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Hershey, PA","March 27, 2017","1.0"
"Good Company","Good Company but just like most institutions very sales driven. Good work / life balance and 'Bankers Hours'. Good for family life but there is an expectation of production.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Statesville, NC","March 27, 2017","4.0"
"Overall pretty great place to work.","Overall this bank is a great company to work for. There really isn't a 'typical' work day which can help to keep you engaged and make you want to keep going. Management for the most part does what it can to assist you in reaching your goals and ultimately getting where you want to go. The people are great that you work with and it is one of the things that keeps me coming to work everyday. The hardest part of the job is working with so many different personalities and working on your employees development while trying to work on your own at the same time.","Customer Service Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 27, 2017","4.0"
"Good community investment program","Regulatory environment has changed banking for the worse. Lack of local decision making and reduction of commissions and bonuses have created an undesirable appetite for high performing sales people to remain in banking.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Raleigh-Durham, NC","March 26, 2017","3.0"
"Very helpful","The entire staff was amazing and helpful. They would push you to do sales, which I would never have expected for a bank teller. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. If you ever had a question they would go above and beyond to help you.","CSA - Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2017","5.0"
"overall a great place to devlop skills and experience","Processing loan transactions throughout the business day. I have learned there are many components to reviewing loan transactions, The management is quite involved with assuring the best delivery to external and internal customers, The workplace culture can be fun and enjoyable with monthly activities. The hardest part of the job, sometimes lack sufficient training time. The most enjoyable part of the job, is the opportunity to move within the company to another position, depending on your acquired skill set.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 25, 2017","4.0"
"Good work life balance","Bank hours. Systems are like going back in time to the stone age. Management is clueless in what is going on. Anyone from tellers to Divisional management are miserable at their jobs.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Florida","March 24, 2017","2.0"
"Work Hard","Long hours, you have to learn how to listen and understand what the clients require. They get very aggressive and expect things from you, you cant give them. But still be successful and handle it proffessionaly. Very stressful sometimes but if you concentrate and stay focus you will get used to it. The staff are very polite and nice to work with.","Fraud Analyst - Card Loss Prevention","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 24, 2017","3.0"
"This company concentrates on more selling/retail of products over customer service!","Very stressful high pressure tactics over sales and not enough compensation for employees and a lot of favoritism toward some employees when it came to time off. I did meet and develop some great relationships with some of the main customers. Some of the things you were trained to do were constantly changing and the even how you were compensated were constantly changing.","Teller","Former Employee","Edgewater, MD","March 24, 2017","3.0"
"very challenging","This was a very nice place to work which allowed me to experience and share many technical issues/problems and solutions. I was here as a consultant but would love to come back as an employee.","Technical Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 24, 2017","4.0"
"Entry Level Job","This is my first entry level job and it has been a great experience. Great job stability along with compensation for a recent college graduate. Would recommend to anyone wanting to get into finances.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","March 23, 2017","4.0"
"Good company to work for","Many opportunities within the company for career advancement. Culture and management is great. I have learned a lot and met a lot of great people. The downside is that a lot of opportunities are centralized to states like PA.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Clarendon Hills, IL","March 23, 2017","5.0"
"Stressful Work Environment","This Job was very stressful as it required you to be on the phone all day. We used an automatic dialing system, so the calls never stopped, and most of the conversations were argumentative. This job was a collections job, so you were calling customers to pay their debts to the bank.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2017","3.0"
"Great Environment","A typical day at work starts by reviewing my email inbox and checking my voicemails. After that, I determine what pressing issues need addressed and prioritize my work. I have learned an extensive amount about loans, lines of credits, trusts, estates, and wills. I have dealt directly with clients and internal employees.","Fiduciary Trust Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2017","4.0"
"sucks the life out of you","Nothing close to a work life balance. Realtors are the worst calling you 24/7. the over time you work you are not compensated on, they are coming out of the 2nd lawsuit for violation of this as we speak","Loan Officer","Former Employee","SW PA","March 22, 2017","1.0"
"Great place to advance, too much micromanaging","The base pay for the work load is way too low. What is initially expected of you can change within months, if not weeks. They lack diversity in management positions.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 22, 2017","2.0"
"Uncaring, no compassion, and hard work for low salary","This was something that I had to honestly think about before doing my review. I worked for 12 years for this bank and was a Teller Lead for 5 of those years. At first I absolutely loved my position, helping the branch and fellow team with audits, trading the tellers to learn and grow and helping our customers Somewhere along the way in the last year or so heavy product pushing, sales, sales , sales and all about numbers took over. The teller leads are doing the job of a manager but getting paid like a teller and if all your tellers are not performing then you are not either. It became tougher and tougher and the hours and time that you put in, along with the 100 things you have to maintain and balance are not worth it!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","March 21, 2017","2.0"
"Okay,,, for short term"," this bank hou are in as changed over the years that I have been there. If school and need a job while you are getting an education, this is a great place to work as the staff at branch level is usually very nice. But with advancement opportunities being limited I would not recommend it for a career.","Banking Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","March 20, 2017","3.0"
"A focused work environment","A typical day was visiting my business customers and determining if their accounts were in order and reviewing their current products to see if they are best serving their needs. I would try to visit at least 8-10 bank customers per day and always make time for cold calls . The hardest part of the job was to convince the customer that they needed more of anything. Goals were tough for everyone to achieve based upon your area. this bank was the most technologically advanced company I ever worked for. You had to be on your game and computer literate to keep up with their technology . this bank was ahead of their time.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Stroudsburg, PA","March 20, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","Horrible Company to work for, this bank is so disorganized and doesn't have the client's best interest at heart. Their polices are a joke and they don't offer adequate training for their new hires.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 20, 2017","1.0"
"great bank for customers","the banking industry has changed from service to retail. I believe we lost the value of customer service by making the bank a retail store. without talking bad about the company or this bank I rather keep my comments to my self.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to get into banking","Work/life balance was great. Enjoyable atmosphere, and a great way to network with regular customers. I worked on both the teller side and the banking side of the branch, and enjoyed both aspects of branch banking.","BRANCH FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Sharonville, OH","March 19, 2017","4.0"
"Always looking to help you learn and advance"," this bank is a great working environment, fun staffed and they are willing to help you progress to reach your fullest potential. My only wish is that the pay wasn't low for the job required.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","March 19, 2017","5.0"
"Good for home work balance and benefits","I have been with this bank for 16 years and they have good health benefits and when my children were little a good home work balance. The flexibility for family is great. There is always something new to learn and the management team is willing to help you move forward into other positions. The most enjoyable part of the job is the flexibility. The hardest part of the job are the audits.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 19, 2017","3.0"
"fast pace work place","send and receive calls try to get people to pay on there loans. get people set up for modifications. set up payments. set up ext. set up payment arrangements","Defaulter Loan Specailist 1","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 17, 2017","5.0"
"Financial Specialist","Developed new investment client base while prospecting current book of bank clients as well as conducting investment seminars. Key Achievements: Garnered recognition as a top revenue producer in Philadelphia/South Jersey/Delaware region. Completed first quarter 2012 as top revenue producer within Philadelphia market.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 16, 2017","3.0"
"Work life balance","Poor work life balance for managers of this bank in the Northern MI area. Managers and employees are expected to produce high sales results in a low income area.","AVP","Former Employee","Cheboygan, MI","March 16, 2017","1.0"
"Nice place to work, nice people and culture","Nice place to work, nice people and culture. Very conservativ product offering portfolio, more than most other firms I have worked for in the past.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 16, 2017","5.0"
"Good Bank Poor Management"," this bank is a great place to bank, I still bank with them. One of the lowest paying banks to work for in Traverse City, with a company who prefers to hire outside the company then promote within. Upper Management have good insight and promote the brand well.","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Traverse City, MI","March 16, 2017","3.0"
"Fun, problem solving position with room to grow.","Working with customers to ensure they have an exceptional experience brings me great joy. This position has enabled me to grow and develop new skills.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","West Dundee, IL","March 15, 2017","4.0"
"Good work environment","Learned about Real Estate, Appraisals and Evaluations. Entered information regarding properties. Review pictures of properties when applying for HEIL or HELOC","Real Estate Services Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2017","4.0"
"decent","not very flexible in work hours, high expectations for employees to open accounts and recruit new clients in a very low income/dead area, low pay with high expectations","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Freeland, PA","March 15, 2017","3.0"
" this bank","Good company to work for. Good benefits and fair pay. Company has a professional atmosphere. Good management, managers are open and will to help employees grow and develop.","Teller","Former Employee","Glenside, PA","March 15, 2017","3.0"
"Do not waste your time working in this bank Customer Service Dept.","Rushed training, management is cutthroat. If your really good on the phones in the first day of training outside of the classroom they keep you, otherwise forget ever moving into the role of Customer Service Representative. The Customer Service Management claim they are experts in whether your going to be bad or good on the phones the first day and if you are slow learning the 15-20 screens you need to know, they cut you immediately. Also you can't get the vacations you asked for because your last in line so new training classes are not going to get requested time off. They also ask you to open a new bank account one week into classroom trading, don't do it. If they cut you, close the account immediately. Also there is no accountability at the whole company as there is no complaint resolution, except for a call center. If you have a problem with management or they treat you unfairly expect more of the same as upper management rubber stamps lower management decisions. Not a good company to work for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 14, 2017","1.0"
"great place to work","great place to work right after college. this bank will invest in your training and development unfortunately your pay will not reflect your training. Best advice learn all you can and find a job with a competitor.","Treasury Management Officer","Current Employee","New York, NY","March 14, 2017","5.0"
"you have fun at work","I had a blast working with office I was at. We treated each other like family. No one was bossy when the Manager was out of the office. We knew what was expected of us and we got the job done.","Lockbox Operational Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","March 14, 2017","4.0"
"My Experience at this bank","My experience was great. This is a great company. They are very informative and detailed in regards to their training. I really enjoyed my time there.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Blue Ash, OH","March 14, 2017","4.0"
"A positive experience","I only worked at this bank for a short time before I moved abroad but my time there was enjoyable. The co-workers were helpful and pleasant to work with and the bank manager recognized hard work.","Retail Banker","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 14, 2017","4.0"
" this bank is a fantastic place to work. The culture is becoming more and more progressive. Work life balance is a top priority as is Talent Development."," this bank is a fantastic place to work. The culture is becoming more and more progressive. Work life balance is a top priority as is Talent Development. this bank continues to be competitive and I only see the Bank growing in the coming years.","Project Manager II and Omnichannel Strategist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2017","5.0"
"Good benefits decent growth","This company sold my division to BNYMELLON. this bank was a good company with good benefits and decent pay. They take sufficient care of their employees and contractors.","Investor Services Unit Manager","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","March 13, 2017","3.0"
"Fast paced, lots to learn quickly","If you want to work for a bank, the ACCEL Program is the best way to get into a management role. You have to learn a lot really quickly and you will have a lot of mentors your first year","ACCEL Retail Development Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 12, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","My main job was to handle all money transactions from customers and sell products. When not working with customers, I was required to use online learning tools to learn more about my job.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 12, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Great Place to Start but bad place to work"," this bank allowed me to get the adequate training that I needed to get started in the banking industry. I would recommend the company to anyone getting started but not a good place to work overall. Lots of Micromanagement.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Erie, PA","March 12, 2017","2.0"
"was a great place to work","I had a great experience at this bank , I had great management we opened up daily at 8:30 and closed at 5:30 each day , first thing in the morning we opened our cash drawers and counted our money , opening the night drop vault ,then we checked in all of the commercial night drops, opened the doors for business , I enjoyed my customers very much , and working in close contact with the other tellers I became very close to them it was like working in a family. When I first became a teller it was all new to me so some of the things were a little difficult but with repetition I learned how to use all the machines , I would say up selling was my hardest learned skill I did well with it but it was difficult,","Teller","Former Employee","Plymouth, NC","March 10, 2017","5.0"
"Job details","The company is a great company to work for the is opportunity to move forward. The pay coud be better but advancement is there as well the bend are also great get them right away when you start.","Consumer Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fun and professional atmosphere.","Customers were the focus point of the business. I made many great relationships with my customers and enjoyed interacting and servicing their financial needs.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 9, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company to start with"," this bank is a good company to start off with if you are entering the banking industry. Unfortunately there is a lot of 'politics' in this company. In the position that I am in now (Intl trade service analyst) I am not payed nearly enough. I do my daily responsibilities and they add responsibilities of another department. There are a lot of changes in corporate right now and things are a bit messy.","Full Time Trade Service Analyst","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 9, 2017","3.0"
"Great benefits"," this bank was a great place to work. They have wonderful benefits and many ways in which to advance in the corporation. I would recommend this bank to anyone wanting to get into the banking business.","Client Care Representative","Former Employee","Carmel, IN","March 9, 2017","5.0"
"Changing enviornment","The job has changed a lot recently. To keep it short and to the point, the company is a decent company to work for, but there are a lot of limitations to advance.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Marietta, GA","March 8, 2017","3.0"
"not able to write review review","not able to write review..................................................... I have had a great experiences at this bank.. culture with people are great , management is awesome","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 8, 2017","3.0"
"Not the best","Not an employee first company as they strive to be. Upper leadership is lacking as well as pay and opportunities for growth, this is regardless of your skill set","Mortgage Servicing","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2017","2.0"
"Technology leader and promotes work life balance","I enjoy coaching sales employees to be the best they can be and provide our customers with financial success. I also enjoy coaching and leading the management teams to empower them to be great coaches.","Sales and Service Support Manager","Current Employee","South Bend, IN","March 6, 2017","4.0"
"great work place","I loved working at the bank. i got t meet a lot of different people. i also was able to do some networking while i was there. the days there went by pretty fast as long as you had something to do. the staff there for the most part was awesome","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Exton, PA","March 6, 2017","4.0"
"Interesting but enjoyable work atmosphere.","The hardest part of the job as with any csr position is handling the irrational customers. Sometimes situations cannot be resolved with only one interaction.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 6, 2017","4.0"
"Thumbs Down","Company does not compensate well for all expectations. They expect you to do the work for 3 individuals and only want to pay you for 1/2 of 1. If the compensation was greater it would not be so bad.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Martinsville, NJ","March 6, 2017","3.0"
"Fun great people","Very challenging job not much to really say about the job. It is great if you don't have a family with small children. It is very high passed you must be sure you pay attention to detail. You must remember your customers and who they are. I have learned all kinds of things working at the bank.","Customer Service","Current Employee","North Huntingdon, PA","March 5, 2017","5.0"
"Good Workplace","Exceeds Requirements: Managers and co-workers have commented on high levels of accuracy and work productivity. Takes pride in work and strives to improve work performance. All memos, reports, forms and correspondence are completed on time with no errors. Outstanding: Has less than a 1% error rate on work product. Accuracy is excellent. Quantity of work produced is outstanding.","Direct Communication Sales Representative","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","March 5, 2017","5.0"
"Productive","You are always busy and never have a slow day. There are times that there is more work than people to do. Other areas in departments will help out if needed.","REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15212","March 4, 2017","5.0"
"Produce results","Grows branch revenue through acquisition and share-of-wallet growth of consumer and business households. Manages, coaches and executes a proactive client experience within an omni channel environment. Provides solutions and advice to improve client financial well-being. Leads effective problem resolution Responsible for acquiring and retaining talent through the coaching and development of employees. Coaches employees to achieve performance and activity expectations. Assists in the performance management process for all employees. Manages operational, human capital, repetitional and business risk through adherence to established policies and procedures. Exercises sound decision making to identify and mitigate potential risk","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","King of Prussia, PA","March 4, 2017","4.0"
"Commercial Banking","Excellent places to learn cost controls, and standard operations but the excessive pushing to promote sales is a negative espically when people have a negative outlook on the banking industry, Management was also not very upfront with employees on sales goals and would randomly change goals last minute which is extremely disheartening.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","March 4, 2017","2.0"
"good money","was instore so its completely different from traditional bankin there a lot of money to be made here if you have the drive and willingness to work for it","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Township of Howell, NJ","March 3, 2017","4.0"
"Fine place to work, friendly and warm people to work beside","A typical day is talking to the public about the company products, up-selling company products and at the end of the day providing a good service for people who are interest in use the company for personal and business use.","Support Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 2, 2017","5.0"
"Good Place For somone Looking for Part-Time","Wonderful Place too work. They do have a work life balance within the company. But i do believe this job are for good part time people who are not exactly what they want to. Great Benefits.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Hamilton Square, NJ","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work","I had a great tine working for this bank all supervisor were great and nice environment to work, nice facility. great pay and benefits nice lot for employers parking.","Bilingual Consumer Support Associate","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great company to work and grow as an individual and team player.","At this bank I succeed through relationship building, customer outbound calling, and walk-in customer interaction. I am proud to work with my investment team to build knowledge and provide exceptional customer service.","Licensed Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great Opportunity while pursuing my degree","This was a great place to earn while in college and also meet leadership from across departments in the bank. At the time we generated the most revenue in the bank. We were a highly prized department.","Coaching Assistant","Former Employee","Beachwood, OH","March 1, 2017","4.0"
"What I Learned","Learned how to process, pre-underwrite (DU-LP Seasoned), and package and submit my loan up-coming loan fundings. Gave me an understanding of how FDIC Mortgage Banks work and operate.","Supervising Manager","Former Employee","Gig Harbor, WA","March 1, 2017","5.0"
"Not bad","Not bad if you like big companies. New talent and job structure is a bit confusing to understand. Meager annual raises, but improved vacation time off. Medical insurance seems to be pretty standard and rather affordable. Can move up or around after one year, but as mentioned, the new structure makes it confusing and can lead to large discrepancies in salaries for the same job","Senior Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2017","4.0"
"Fun workplace with great management and structure","I love the culture at this bank. The work/life balance is something you don't see all of the time. They value the employees and understand that a happy employee creates a comfortable environment and in turn satisfies customers.","Employee","Current Employee","Belvidere, IL","February 28, 2017","5.0"
"Was a great place to work","Daily monitored Cash Account Balances and Securities Balances, reporting to management and back office on any overdrafts and follow up to clear overdrafts and breaks on securities I became very good at multi-tasking in order to meet hourly deadlines. I don't think any parts of the job were hard, but sometimes overtime became excessive. The most enjoyable part would be clearing a break and finding a solution to prevent the same types of breaks in the future.","Supervisor of the Reconciliation Department","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work","Was extremely happy working for company. Advancement is always a possibility as long as you are not working for the actual branches. Branches of bank are less and less important.","Call Center Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2017","5.0"
"Overall Good Place to Work","12-14 hour days in this bank's Securitization group. Management very interested in your career growth. Friendly workplace. Strong training program","Asset Backed Finance","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 24, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work but needs improvement","I have been here for 2 years and I have had the opportunity to move up. It is a great employer however there are areas that need improvement. Management on the retail can be difficult and moving up can be challenging.","Mortgage Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 23, 2017","4.0"
"fun workplace","Best job to have while satisfying client needs. But the manager there was very weird and iffy. Always kept asking questions that do not pertain to the job and making a lot of excuses.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","February 23, 2017","4.0"
"Not work/life friendly","May be good atmosphere for less seasoned employees. Not a professional environment for seasoned individuals. Good for just out of high school building a career.","Consultant I","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 22, 2017","1.0"
"Excellent company to work for that focuses on talent development and work/life balance","I have completely enjoyed my time with this bank. They have maintained and excellent focus on work/life balance and encourage every employee's development. They provide ample opportunity for learning and volunteering. Management is fair and respectful, and also concerned about each employee's development and job satisfaction.","Operations Production Support Specialist - Senior","Current Employee","Nova Place","February 22, 2017","5.0"
"Streessful work enviorment","The branch i was at was hostle but the people are nice in thier own way the hours are reasonable but in terms of hours they expect so much from the workers for very. Little benifit","Full Time teller","Former Employee","Bordentown, NJ","February 21, 2017","3.0"
"Loved the work/life balance","Management style changes with every new manager, some good and some terrible. I enjoyed the diversity of customers and employees. I think the hardest part of the job was when customers would get upset when asked for their ID. We only ask to help prevent identity fraud, so it is a protection we are trying to provide.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","February 21, 2017","4.0"
"A Changed Bank","Used to be a great place to work. I no longer am there, but so much has changed and I feel that they no longer value their employees as much as they did in the past.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","February 21, 2017","3.0"
"Great Place to work"," this bank is great for a work place to learn and grow with. You will learn a lot about banking and to grow with a team. Meeting other co workers from other branches makes you value the company you work for. this bank is a great work place for single mothers and they are a huge supporter of our military and even the LBGT community.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","February 21, 2017","5.0"
"N/a","Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.Assist Small Business clients on policy and procedures to make banking easie Answered telephone inquiries on banking products including checking, savings, credit cards, loans, and lines of credit Communicate with service partners to efficiently assist with problem solving and service request by providing accurate information efficiently to conserve time Continued education on current banking products and services through online banking.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2017","3.0"
" this bank Review"," this bank is a great career starter. Although our branch is located in a small town its a good way to gain experience when it comes to skills and building relationships with our customers.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Sudlersville, MD","February 21, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","Love the work environment a typical day for me was verifying that funding was cleared to be submitted to the following parties. I reviewed all the documentation from the title company and the borrower, buyer and seller.","Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and enjoyable","Strengthening relationships with customers while helping them make the most of their finances. Continual learning about new banking practices and how to help customers.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","York, PA","February 20, 2017","5.0"
"Interaction with customers","Servicing customers with financial issues as well as selling them different products. I learned over years to love people and interact with them as far as there financial needs is concern. The hardest part of my job is not being able to resolve their financial issues because of fees restrictions and have to tell them that I could not assist them by refunding fees. I enjoyed most to be able to resolve any financial issues that were within my parameters. To see them leave satisfied and happy with my services.","Universal Banker II","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","February 20, 2017","3.0"
"Productive but corporate heavy","It was a great place to work, but the corporate presence was too much. They want you to migrate business to the ATM's but then see reports of lesser traffic to the teller line and feel as though our job is not good enough.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Erie, PA","February 17, 2017","5.0"
"Job security A+. Compensation D-","Some coworkers are professional and respectful than others. Their policies change all the time, hence you tend to make a lot of mistakes. Some employees do not get compensated for working overtime, and also do not get compensated annually, but are expected to work overnight.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 17, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to grow","Great place for advancement and great training program. Great for anyone looking to balance work and family life. There are plenty of opportunities to grow and make extra money with overtime and bonus checks.","Business Banking Senior Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 17, 2017","4.0"
"same as other review about this bank","The same as the other review the I submitted regarding this bank and the call center that I worked in. Fast pace environment. Learned a lot about banking. Enjoyed working with customers and resolving their problems.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 16, 2017","4.0"
"Supervisor for a call center for customer calls.","Answered calls for customers regarding their account as well as products and services the this bank provided. I learned a lot about banking. The hardest part of the job was the volume of calls the call center took daily, The most enjoyable part of the job was helping customers.","Customer Service Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 16, 2017","4.0"
" this bank","It was nice working from home with the banking industry. Talking to customers and solving the problems of every day calls. Online banking tech support.","Consultant at Corporate Care Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2017","5.0"
"third shift job","Had to key in various checks to accounts during the night so the customers accounts would be credited with their money by the next banking day. very routine schedule","Lockbox area","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2017","5.0"
"good job enough incom for any single person and simple environment .","friendly people good management nice workplace culture and good system to learn how can you developing your skills fast working and successfully achieving the company goal with time to enjoyable in your department operations .","Express Employment Professionals","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 16, 2017","5.0"
"Wish I stayed","I've never had a job where I left and I regretted it not even a month later. I had to leave because I unfortunately wasn't getting paid enough. The staff, managers, and regional managers are absolutely amazing. Always very helpful, very nice and understanding. Not only did this job give me the opportunity to meet amazing people, but it gave me life skills that I will carry on with me for the rest of my life such as leaning how to balance a check book, manage not only my bank account, but large amounts of money as well. It taught me security and how to be careful with bank account information, how to apply for a loan, how to manage a loan, how to apply for a credit card, how to manage credit cards, mortgages, how to apply for one, what's expected when applying for a mortgage, the process, etc. The hardest part of the job is watching out for scam artists. Some people aren't as nice and honest as you think. Customers will come in trying to be someone else with fake IDs, you will run into TONS of counterfeit money, but learn how to catch it, and managing thousands of dollars all at once. You definitely have to learn how to keep track of it at all times. There's a lot of security and procedures you have to learn in case of a robbery as well, but as long as you know what you're doing at that moment, you will be fine.","TELLER","Former Employee","PA","February 15, 2017","5.0"
"great place to work at","good place to work at the training part is very exciting !!!they send you to a hotel and give you a free stay ! great transition","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Cape Coral, FL","February 15, 2017","3.0"
"It is an ok type of a company","The work experience isn't great but not bad either. Being banking domain there is less flexibility and workers have to put in more than 100%.There is no freedom of thought , the processes aren't flexible.","Informatica Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 15, 2017","3.0"
