"review_title","review_verbatim","role","status","location","date","rating"
"Great place to work for most","I have really enjoyed working here, the only issue is in career advancement. There are some traditional routes that work for some, but anything outside the norm is extremely difficult no matter what level of performance or participation you have.","Branch Sales and Service Associate II","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","March 27, 2019","4.0"
"It's a job","You go in five days a week do what you need to then leave, the employees are jerks, and the manager does nothing to keep them from being one. If the employees were more respectful it would be a decent place to work.","Cook","Current Employee","San Antonio, TX","June 2, 2022","3.0"
"Stressful","Banking as a whole has become an awful industry to work in. Large corporations still using old school tactics to bring in sales. Corporate yuppies don't understand that pounding pavement to attract sales is not an effective sales method. Furthermore, the manager is tied up in meetings all day that get in the way of managing, which leaves little time to get anything done. ","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Florida","June 1, 2022","2.0"
"Micromanaged and very little room for growth","I worked for this bank for about 10 years and every stop was a non existent budget for raises, positions that continue to expand with compensation to match. Find a better company if growth and development are your thing.","Executive Client Relations","Former Employee","OH","June 1, 2022","3.0"
"Stressful environment ","Core service consultant. This place is essentially a phone factory where management offers little assistance and expects associates to take back to back phone calls all day.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 1, 2022","1.0"
"Productive ","It is a good place to work with management who cares to see you succeed. Some banks micro manage but this one doesn't. this bank also really cares about your benefits ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 30, 2022","5.0"
"Every year they cut your pay","Every year they expect you to work 20% harder for 20% less. There is no future of growth for you as an MLO. Management makes poor decisions, but you as the employee shoulder the burden for it. They don't hire the staff when the market is hot, and they then overcompensate by hiring too much, and don't see the market changing. Currently, their idea of fixing the market downturn is for you to call dead end phone numbers of existing customers in their data base. Then the Master Plan is to automate MLOs out of their jobs as much as possible to assure future cuts in MLO pay.","Sr Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 29, 2022","2.0"
"I learned a lot on the job It was a good experience."," Working the evening shift was a plus for me at the time I worked in their corporate office working on various bank documents. This helped me learn more about how the banking business worked, more about how checks and other items were recorded and verified. I learned how the bank process is handled. I had no problem with My manager or supervisor. The workplace was culture. The job was easy nothing was hard about the Job. Working as a team player and keeping busy. ","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","8800 Tinicum Blvd. Phila.PA. 19153","May 28, 2022","4.0"
"I have a lot to say about this company but it's pointless â€¦","poor management and your work like balance is never going to be 'a balance ' but I'm just one person but this bank isn't all bad /amazing benefit are good .","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","May 27, 2022","1.0"
"Worst place to work","No work life balance. Outdated systems. Extreme Micromanaging. They watch you by cameras and then open investigations based on assumptions. You don't have control over your branch and no ability to waive fees for good clients! If you need to step out of the branch and have worked over 40 hours they still make you use your occasional absence! The Regional Manager could not even understand that goes against Florida Law! this bank wants you to just be a micromanaging robot! Clients are just another person and they say they are about relationship building but their actions do not show it! I received a job offer for 20k more with a much better Financial Institution that truly values their employees and clients! ","Sr Branch Manager","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 27, 2022","1.0"
"It'll do, but it kind of sucks","When I started at this bank I was really excited and energized. I had heard a lot about the opportunities this bank offers. That part is true, they have a lot of different departments you can train in and growth opportunities. The downside is you do have to stay an entire year in your current position before you can apply for a different one. So if you hate the area you're working in you better be able to suck it up for 12 months. They do their best to have life/work balance and are big on employees quality of life. However, if you work in a physical branch, you will not be trained. I moved from the care center to the branch and was put in an office for 4 months to train myself. I made countless mistakes every single day due to lack of resources and training. They use outdated software that is extremely hard to navigate and crashes constantly. I got fired for something small, it was my fault, but a writeup may have been a good first step as I had never had a red mark. The people I worked with were great but you could tell how much they hated their jobs. The end of my career with this bank I was extremely burned out and stressed. If you want to be overworked and work 6 days a week twice a month, this bank would be for you. ","Banker","Former Employee","Paw Paw, MI","May 26, 2022","2.0"
"Productive, inclusive but lacks work life balance","Everyone does their share here although some managers believe in micromanaging. You only have to stay in each position for a year and you can move around and apply for a new position as much as you would like. My only 2 complaints are with the pay; while they increased the base pay for all positions, positions like tellers supervisors and people who are both bankers and tellers have sales requirements but receive no sales pay. Also the hours are getting worse it makes work life balance hard for those who have small children. Maternity, 401k, stock options, and tuition reimbursement along with other benefits are great.","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Delaware","May 26, 2022","3.0"
"It was okay. ","Okay place to work at. Seems like all they cared about was sales. It paid the bills. Work life balance was okay. Not a job I was completely thrilled about. ","Service Representative","Former Employee","Gloucester City, NJ","May 26, 2022","3.0"
"Don't work here","I have been with the company for 6 months and been without a manager for 5 months. I have to learn the banks systems by myself with no help from upper management. Don't waste your time with this company. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Asheville, NC","May 26, 2022","1.0"
"Micromanage and demeaning ","Worked here for 3 months as a Sales Rep because that's all I could take. Managers micromanage you. You can't even go to the bathroom. If you do, they'll ask where you were for so long (3-10 mins). I remember during training, someone asked are we allowed to take a break to go to the bathroom. One supervisor said do it on your scheduled break time. Taking calls back to back with people screaming at you and they don't let you take a break to decompress from it. This place is horrible for your mental, physical and emotional health","Sales Associate","Former Employee","Remote","May 25, 2022","1.0"
"Good job. ","Good place to work. Great benefits. Flexible schedules. Great managers. Could offer more opportunities to advance within lines of business. But overall a good place to work. ","Processor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 25, 2022","5.0"
"They 'customer service' their own employees","The pay is nice however the stress is almost not worth it. Half the time you don't even know who your manager is. They are getting so big that they can't properly service their employees and you just get pushed around. I've heard that they will escalate issues too many times and nothing is ever done. ","Customer Care Center Rep","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","May 23, 2022","1.0"
"You are just an underpaid Robot","They expect the world, with repetitive, duplicate documentation using sub standard computer systems that are always crashing. No work/life balance unless you are Management. They feel that they can command your life 24/7. Schedules set, but that is all fake since once you plan on the schedule set for you, they change it at a moment's notice despite anything you may have planned. If you refuse to 'fill in', they lump you as a non-team player. Management commits you to work areas and times they have not asked you ahead of time. Lunches are always interrupted, so if you want to have the time you are allowed, you have to actually leave the premises and turn off your phone.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Maryland","May 23, 2022","1.0"
"Company seems great, but my branch wasn't. ","I had high hopes with this bank. Poor management within my branch contributed to a terrible work environment. Too much gossip about new people. Managers lie because they don't know the answer. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","North Carolina","May 22, 2022","2.0"
"Stressful place to work . Over worked and undervalued ","You are overworked and underpaid and not appreciated at all. Management is terribly and there is always miscommunication between managers. Such a stressful job. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","May 22, 2022","2.0"
"Pay is good ","It a ok company to work for but they are not organized I wish it stayed bank B because once it become this bank they changed a lot but the pay is better I will say that's the only thing that's better than bank B ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","May 22, 2022","3.0"
"No Comment ","Typical Banking profit over people mentality. Better you do the more overwhelmed other areas are and then leads to great worker morale. On top of that the better one does the more incentive one makes but less they have to dole out for next quarterly making it harder to make said goals.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 21, 2022","2.0"
"The bank of the past"," this bank tries so hard to be a bank of the future but has terrible systems in place filled with service issues. Multiple locations have gone cashless yet atm always have service issues, new system still has a lot of bugs to work out and staffing is always a problem due to a high turnover rate. They expect you to drive sales but do not properly train you or give you proper product knowledge. The variety in products/ services is not competitive enough with the market and customer service department is even long wait times for the internal lines. The check in process for clients is completely awful and most customers complain about it yet it is enforced tremendously.Management gets to do whatever they want and regional manager doesn't really care about what's actually going on in the branches. This is a great place to work if you like to be swamped with clients and have a bunch of meaningless tasks to complete you barely have time to do.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","May 19, 2022","2.0"
"Got me through Covid, But still not satisfactory ","I'm grateful to this bank for getting me and my family through covid, and the benefits ( HSA, PARENTAL LEAVE, VACATION ) are nice, but ultimately due to some poor changes in incentives, branch hours, staffing and pay, i wouldn't call this bank a great company to work for. ","Branch Banker and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 18, 2022","2.0"
"Good Start to banking career, burned out quickly ","Great place to learn and start your bank career. Lots of support from team members if you needed it. Downside was politics and playing favorites which I feel is most bank culture at the branch level. Really depends on management and there willingness to mentor you ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Georgia","May 18, 2022","3.0"
"Branch Manager ","1) Overworked, expected to work 6 days a week, work life balance is a joke in retail banking. 2) Sales quota doesn't reflect branch location and traffic. this bank approval criteria for lending services is extremely rigid, that doesn't work in a low to meditate income area. In addition managers have to drive small business in addition to other duties. 3) operations is outdated! Complete waste of productivity. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 17, 2022","1.0"
"Productive, great learning experience, enjoyable job","I really enjoyed my time with this bank Financial Institution. I had an outstanding manager that I learned a lot from! A great place to work, with great compensation and benefits!","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Willard, OH","May 17, 2022","5.0"
"Poor management ","Regional manger hires his friends from previous competitors and makes them managers. They are lazy, incompetent and arrogant. Turnover is high, training is horrible","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia County, PA","May 17, 2022","2.0"
"Overall a good company","This company has plenty of opportunities for advancement. It's just getting past the managers that have a chip on their shoulders. The micromanaging and the attitudes were overwhelming. ","Business Banking Specialty","Former Employee","Remote","May 16, 2022","4.0"
"Great company, poor senior managers"," this bank (mortgage) is an all right company to work for. I love that they promote working remotely, and so far all of my direct managers have been great! However, my senior managers have not been. They only care about reports and numbers, and not the actual employee. If you're blessed to work here & have a great frontline a manger then you'll be fine. Oh yea, getting hired on is like you're working for the FBI. The hiring process is strenuous and doesn't even align with the job and environment of the company.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Remo","May 16, 2022","3.0"
"The hardest part of the job is keeping up with the change in policy and procedures it can get to be a little tricky","The hardest part of the job is keeping up with the change in policy and procedures it can get to be a little tricky. When there is an issue with the employee especially one that has given years of service to this bank they should have More of a voice than what they have when it come to Disciplinary action","Senior Teller","Former Employee","Montezuma, GA","May 16, 2022","1.0"
"Good place to work ","If you can self manage while working from home, you can be very successful. However, if you can't, then you will fail rather quickly. Management is great, except for one person, however minimal interaction with them makes this job very satisfying.","Manager","Current Employee","Remote","May 14, 2022","4.0"
"Great way to start but limited room for growth","I found my time within the Investor Reporting Department to be full of learning opportunities and really appreciated my coworkers and management in their enthusiastic willingness to teach me as I worked. I would highly recommend you start your career with this bank. ","Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Remote","May 13, 2022","5.0"
"Great place to work if you are hard working","I have been at this bank for only 2 months but I can confidently tell you it's a great place to work. They actively look to promote from within, as well as they are incredibly supportive. It is FAST PACED LEARNING so be prepared for that. If you get overwhelmed, tell your mentors, they are incredible and want you to succeed. I happen to work very late hours and I didn't feel that was significantly expressed to me when I accepted the job, but the pay and benefits outweigh the unfortunate working hours. ","Lending Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","May 13, 2022","5.0"
"Really cool","I liked working here it was fun and got good experience and got paid well enough for the hours and got some really great experience and it was fun lol","Investment Banking Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 12, 2022","5.0"
"Micromanaging, no work life balance","Branch manager role. Micromanagement to the core. Report after report of things you aren't doing correctly. Audits are conducted through the cameras. Absolutely no cell phone tolerance. Branch managers are business bankers- cold calls to prospect businesses and held accountable for achieving business goals alone (no bankers open business accounts) and held accountable for achieving consumer side as well. Incentive pay out only happens when 50% of your bankers achieve their goals, not if the branch is 100% or above or if you achieve the business goal that you are held personally accountable for. under-staffed and no applicants. Expected to conduct weekly meetings with every employee to touch base their goals - with no staff. Depending on branch size, bankers expected to call 800+ calls to consumers and branch managers expected to conduct consumer and business calls to be at target. this bank is in the middle of switching programs to make it 'easier' - it's not. Expected to have 5 star customer service, write monthly action plans, and call surveys conducted on the branch for feedback and now additional calls to bad surveys to be invited back to be surveyed again. Phones must be answered on 3rd ring, even in front of clients at your station, expected to deliver offers to the client in the same interaction while delivering exceptional customer service, within a 'timely' (2 minute) manner. Corporate drives through your branches drive thru's and times their wait time while surprise visiting your branch. Anyway, good benefits. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Merchantville, NJ","May 11, 2022","2.0"
"Great coworkers, fair pay","As long as you have a good manager, this is a great place to work. Everyone is super helpful and fun to work with. We do have goals to meet each month which gives me a challenge but I enjoy that. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Millersburg, OH","May 11, 2022","4.0"
"Great company but horrible upper management","great company to work for but everyone is competing against each other....sometimes management told you one thing and then damned if you do and don't. its a country club place... mickey mouse house club.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 10, 2022","3.0"
"Great Work Culture ","I love work at this bank they hold strong core value and actually follow them. They are big on employee development and a innovative company. They take customer and employee feedback and in corporate it into there procedure. The pay is great as well. I love this bank ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","May 10, 2022","5.0"
"Terrible","Horrible place to work. Awful management and even more awful culture. Truly a miserable experience. Just enough pay to make other places less appealing not enough pay to make for a decent life. All around demoralizing and inhumane work environment. ","Consumer Loans Recovery Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 9, 2022","1.0"
"Poor Retail Lending leadership has led to a mass exodus of top talent. No signs of improvement. ","Since the current leadership in the Retail Lending business has taken over the business environment has suffered greatly. The majority of the experienced product management talent have all left over the last year as a result of poor leadership and recent leadership decisions have made thing worse, especially in the card business. If you're considering a role in retail/card proceed with caution. Average pay, a difficult management team and low morale make this a challenging place to work. ","Senior Product Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 9, 2022","2.0"
"Do not take FA job at the branch","Bankers and tellers are forced to provide you with so call referrals. 99% are bad, so they can get management off their backs. The book you are given has been picked by all the old time advisors and you are left with the lower level clients. Compensation is also poor if you can not meet your goals. ","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Eatontown, NJ","May 9, 2022","1.0"
"Management is super toxic.No confidentiality, hard to get vacation requested. ","Sales pressure. Goals are unrealistic.Pressured to sale credit cards is insane.Constantly driving to Milwaukee for meetings that could be done virtually.Can't sit down. You get to work 8 + hours on your feet. ","Service Associate","Former Employee","West Bend, WI","May 8, 2022","2.0"
"Not a good place to work. Goals are way to high and pay is very low compared to other banks. "," Not a good place to work. Goals are way to high and pay is very low compared to other banks. However the benefits are somewhat good. But management looks everything that you do and criticizes your work. I would not consider this place if you are thinking about going into the banking industry.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","May 7, 2022","1.0"
"Lots of contact with home office in PA and everyone was super to work with!","Loved working here and would still be there if they had not moved their offices back to Pittsburgh. Now they have come back to Texas!!! Management was terrific. What we was needed to do the job was provided.","Staff Assistant to Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 6, 2022","5.0"
"Good company","If you do your part they will definitely take care of you. They do offer a lot of advancement if you put enough effort into you job. Was very happy while employed with them ","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Lancaster, OH","May 4, 2022","3.0"
"Great Company because of Trainers & Management","The Trainers, and the training scheduled classes were really informative and live real day to day experiences.The only thing is when you were asked to get work done(overtime) and were not paid for it.","Mortgage Loan Processor Remote","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 4, 2022","4.0"
"Used to be decent, now a total nightmare ","Managers do not care about you, they treat you as a number. Compensation for goals were taken away yet you are still demanded to meet those goals. Corporate is a joke, they could care less about the little people. Expect to leave late and work every weekend since they barely hire people. Good job if you want to put a paycheck before your mental and physical health.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Troy, MI","May 3, 2022","1.0"
"Retail Lending business environment continues to suffer under current leadership team (Especially in Card) ","Over the past 3-4 years the work environment in this bank's retail lending world has suffered greatly due to it's ineffective leadership team. As a result the work environment has become toxic, especially in card for both the product team and business partners. Lack of leadership experience, poor strategic vision and the careless approach to managing employee relations and growth has lead to a mass exodus of much of the top talent. As a result of an weak and inexperienced leadership team it is nearly impossible to accomplish the goals that are set and it has begun to negatively impact business in a major way. Under current leadership, especially in card, not a great environment to work in. ","Product Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 3, 2022","2.0"
"Descent job, work hard to meet goal","It's was a great company to work. You really have to perform in order to be considered for a promotion. There is a lot of training courses you can take to develop skills","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 1, 2022","4.0"
"Over the last few years this bank has gone political","When I joined this bank it was a rock solid company, not sure what happened but every year they have lost focus. We do not promote internal employees and if promoted internally you do not get a raise for up to two years after the promotion.","Vice President Treasury Management Systems","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","April 30, 2022","2.0"
"I enjoyed assisting customers and my colleagues but pay is horrible and hours are long.","A great place to help customers, stable job security. You will enjoy 3 weeks of vacation and paid federal holidays, The pay is horrible and you can expect to work 6 days a week. You. Can look forward to working 9 hours day with a 30 minute lunch if you want a day off during the week. The Goals are not realistic. If you are lucky enough to meet your goals your compensation not worth all the hard work. Please review your paystub and make sure you receive the base pay negotiated because there's no work like balance in this position. ","Branch Banking Relationship Officer","Former Employee","Owings Mills, MD","April 29, 2022","2.0"
"Productive and fun place to work ","Very dynamic working place. One of the best place to work. Advancement opportunities there if you want. Co-workers are very co-operative. Overall a good bank to work. ","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 29, 2022","5.0"
"Best Company I ever worked for!","Best company I have ever worked for! We even have career counseling to help you decide what direction to go and moving up is extremely easy if that is your goal.","Detection and Investigation Analyst St","Current Employee","Remote","April 28, 2022","5.0"
"Great managers","I appreciate the team I worked with. Everyone within the organization that I had the pleasure to work with were helpful. We had great managers who genuinely wanted you to succeed. ","Senior Training Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","April 26, 2022","5.0"
"I worked on the southside location Bronzeville","I guess I got lucky my location my branch manager was the best she was really cool and good to work with our regional or district manager was a guy and he was pretty laid-back they definitely expect you to do your job and expect 100% from you but what job doesn't it was a really good work environment never had any complaints I got lucky","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 26, 2022","4.0"
"Micromanagement","Management is not supportive and leans toward micromanaging. The environment is not supportive and I don't feel as if I have learned all that I can. Branch operations is not the way to go.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Michigan","April 25, 2022","1.0"
"Not bad...","I worked at a downtown location so I had weekends off. This was nice and gave me a sense of work life balance. My branch manage and his boss seemed to care more about delegating work than doing any himself... The assistant branch manager is what made working there worth it.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 25, 2022","4.0"
" this bank Leadership is Male Dominated","If you are a woman working at this bank, you'll have less opportunity than your male peers in many groups. Leadership often took credit for subordinate's work. Leadership watched the clock and if you needed to leave 'early', even if you had worked 9-10 hours, it was frowned upon.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 22, 2022","3.0"
"Productive and inclusive","Great coworkers, management is struggling but getting better every day. Training has been an issue but management is really trying to make it better since some senior people have been moving to other teams.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 22, 2022","5.0"
"Experience ","Working at this bank is a great experience but management is poor. My Colleagues are very helpful.Training no s excellent, pressure to achieve your goals are consistent.","Branch banker","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","April 22, 2022","3.0"
"Pretty good salary and benefits ","Salary is higher than most customer service jobs. Benefits are good however they cannot pay me enough to deal with such rude people. The trainings could have been so much better but i feel as though we were rushed through everything to get us on the phones. There's a huge lack of communication amongst the mentors. Some say to do a job one way then others will tell you something else. You are very micromanaged ","Lending Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 22, 2022","2.0"
"Disappointed "," this bank wants you to believe that they truly value you as an employee... Management could use a dose of reality checks your general well-being is never considered. When I first started working for this bank tellers were given incentives for teller referrals, they took that away and didn't compensate appropriately. I'm very disappointed with this company I loved my job in the beginning and at the end I was drained and extremely unhappy. ","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Murphy, NC","April 21, 2022","1.0"
"Great Starter Job ","It's a great company to work for if you are going to school for something else or if you want to get your foot in the door with the banking world. You can move up easily but only if you are wanting to stay in the retail banking (customer facing and customer service) roles. The corporate or back office roles might require a different entrance into the company. Otherwise, go for it!","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Ahoskie, NC","April 21, 2022","5.0"
"All work no fun and hardly any breaks.","Lacks inclusion. Employees are expected to work 7 hour shifts with only 30 minutes break. They don't care about their employees. We are treated like machines. No set schedule either. My schedule changes every week so you can't make plans. Overall I will not recommend this Bank as it's treats it's employees unfairly.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","April 20, 2022","1.0"
"Really exciting and interesting work environment where you learn a lot","Everyone there is so kind and willing to help. This was my first internship experience and everyone is so welcoming and willing to help. I would highly recommend.","Asset Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 20, 2022","5.0"
"You can move up within the company, management and support is horrible","The call volume is really high, management is horrible, the call flow is so high that you can't take a breather, and when you try to reach out to support it was hard, no one wanted to take the call. I had to leave.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Ohio","April 20, 2022","3.0"
"No Work life balance and horrible pay","Does not pay well at all. Long work hours post pandemic. Incompetent managers. Very cheap company. The pay does not match the work demanded. Benefits are nice but that's it.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Washington, DC","April 19, 2022","1.0"
"Good pay","The expectations are very high. It is a stressful environment. Customers can be very brutal. They expect a lot from you immediately. If you have tough skin, you could work here. I personally just am too sensitive.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2022","3.0"
"Great Culture","Good Company with great benefits. They offer competitive healthcare, and both 401K & Pension. However they are little conservative on the base pay scale, as competitors offer more. Because their base pay is low, their incentive program is really great, as top producers can earn a lot. The drawback to that is that you loose a lot of new employees to competitors because it usually take a while to get your self establish and start performing at a high level to get the big incentives. ","Business Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","Charleston, SC","April 18, 2022","4.0"
"An Alright Job","The only benefit that I should say that this company has is that the benefits are pretty decent. The pay could be better. Management is ridiculous and feel like you get no help from anyone. All about sales and numbers, not about employees.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 18, 2022","2.0"
"Working remotely was very convenient with decent pay ","Customer support training was minimal. Worked with customers and didn't feel like I had learned enough basic information. Management support and management that focused on job performance we're separate and this was frustrating. ","Customer Service","Former Employee","Remote","April 17, 2022","4.0"
"Training is clearly non-existent overall","Starting out, I thought it may be a decent place. I quickly learned that there is zero training overall in all departments. You call for assistance for things, get 4 different answers, no consistency at all within the company. Sick time is plentiful but when I had employees that called in for a week at a time, there was nothing I could really do aside from also do their job on top of mine, so I had to work from home most days. No breaks at all, could hardly use the restroom. Work here if you want to work yourself to death.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","April 16, 2022","1.0"
"Great Benefits but so much cold calling","I really enjoy working for my branch! My coworkers and I respect one another. I enjoy working with our customers even with the occasional rude client here and there. However, they push cold calls a lot and some of the sales goals just don't seem attainable. They offer great benefits and I do feel like I am paid adequately. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Avon, IN","April 13, 2022","4.0"
"Overall pretty stable job","Too much waterfall like project and not following agile methodology. Also career advanced seems difficult. Based on the market, recently they have made a change to increase salary of workers a lot more than the past and hope they can keep this up","QA Software Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","April 13, 2022","4.0"
"Employee at this bank","Unless you were a favorite in that branch or if you have kids you are treated differently people who have kids are allowed to call in whenever they want to or leave whenever they want to. Also some people are allowed to break policy over others again if your favorite you get away with it","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Logansport, IN","April 12, 2022","1.0"
"Supportive work place with growth opportunities and amazing work life balance ","Always feel appreciated in my work. However the pay does not fairly reflect job responsibility and requirements. Great vacation and PTO incentives. Benefits could be better, but they seem to be competitive across corporations. ","Retail Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 12, 2022","5.0"
"A lot depends on your own mental attitude","Day in the Life, taking calls from regular consumers about ckg and savings, debit cards, overdrafts. Online banking calls: unlock, explain to people what a browser is or how to close a window. Time goes fast, calls are varied. Worst part is daily reports about how you take too long by so-many-seconds on average, per call. You just have to enjoy helping people and realize you're doing just fine. Sometimes that's harder than others. ","Customer Service Rep II","Former Employee","Illinois","April 11, 2022","4.0"
"I used to love this job, but things have gotten tough.","I started at this bank a few years ago and moved up pretty quickly after snagging a few promotions. I used to love this job, but find it getting harder everyday to get up and do my best. I feel like since the merger in 2021, we've been on a very difficult path to recovery and not much is being done to help the front line staff answering customer questions and complaints. We went from being busy (1-2 minute call wait times) to exceptionally busy (customers are waiting 30 minutes to an hour before an agent is able to help). Since the turn of the year, this has not been getting better. this bank has tried to help some of these people by raising the minimum wage company-wide. While that did help some newer people, a lot of us got stuck with little to nothing in terms of a rate increase. While it MAY get back to normal in the next few months it has been pretty terrible from October 2021 to the current date. I am getting very demotivated and am seeking other opportunities outside the company. Other jobs are out there that pay more for this type of work.","Financial Services Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","April 11, 2022","3.0"
"Good place to work.","Great place to learn new things.Supportive in learning new technologies.Lots of free online training.Good payUnrealistic goals sometimes.Management wants to be agile but still hard dates for deliveries.Overall its aged company though. ","QA Architect","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2022","4.0"
"Productive and exciting workplace ","This job has been a great position during the pandemic to work at and I had a good time with my staff and managers. I support anyone that wants to work here","Teller","Former Employee","Normal, IL","April 11, 2022","5.0"
"Fast-paced, poor work/life balance but good people","Days are fast paced with too much time fixing problems resulting from poor leadership communication. Co-workers are wonderful but can only maintain positivity so long. ","Project Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2022","3.0"
"Good place to work, bad pay","They need better training and pay. They seem to pay less the more I worked there. Their transition from bank B was not easy and I feel like they could have communicated better to employees but especially the clients.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","April 8, 2022","4.0"
"Good Life/work Balance "," this bank is a good company to work for. They care about life/work balance and allow flexible start times. Employee Engagement is also important to the company.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2022","4.0"
"Great job especially after the new raise for tellers! ","Great place to get your foot in the door especially after graduating highschool. It offers all the office type work experience needed to excel in any other type of office job setting with good pay for all entry level positions. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Saginaw, MI","April 6, 2022","3.0"
"Good Company Culture","Lots of room for growth, however internal candidates are only given the opportunity for 10% raises. The compensation leaves much to be desired: I've actually heard a number of people I'm different lines of business leave the organization for better pay and then return to this bank using their current salary with the other organization as leverage. ","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Remote","April 6, 2022","4.0"
"Do not recommend ","Training is not clear, once on the floor, what was said in training is now completely different from what you'll actually be doing.QA also rigid- dinged for items that you were told were the correct way/steps when in training.","Hazard Insurance Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 5, 2022","1.0"
"Nice place to work","It is a very good place to work to start up and have a start up career. Also a good college student job because of pay and hours. Customers can be iffy","Teller","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 5, 2022","5.0"
"Decent place to work but lower on salaries"," this bank is an all right place to work. They heavily focus on technology. Some managers were terrible and straight up rude to employees. Compensation is okay.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2022","3.0"
"Productive and fun place to work. Compensation is lacking."," this bank is a great place to work in terms of workload. Not so much at first but getting better now. Coworkers are great but the work can get a bit boring and repetitive.","Compliance Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 30, 2022","4.0"
"Great benefits but...","They need better training and pay. They seem to pay less the more I worked there. Their transition from bank B was not easy and I feel like they could have communicated better to employees but especially the clients. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","March 30, 2022","3.0"
"Good pay redundant paperwork","The pay is good. It is hard to get some days off due to the only one person out of the branch policy. A lot of having to input the same info into different systems to receive proper credit. A lot is expected from you in a day but there never seems to be enough time to get it done. ","Teller","Current Employee","Pensacola, FL","March 29, 2022","3.0"
"The this bank Board needs to reexamine the Leadership!"," this bank has turned management into a team of babysitters that only recognize what the team is doing wrong. Never a 'good job' or 'great progress' and more importantly 'THANK YOU'. Leaders address those who are not performing individually. I am sick of hearing how the team failed when I meet all of my goals! The majority of people are working long hours, training is practically non-existent or sporadic at best, we are told to reduce errors and take our time and the next day to pick up extra work and get it done faster (while constantly training due to turnover because we have no formal department training program). Can't you manage the company while retaining and keeping your employees semi-happy at their workplace? Also, it is sickening to read what the Executives receive in yearly stock options/bonuses, your yearly salary is already more than my whole department combined! I understand the dynamics and responsibilities on your shoulders but you have turned extremely greedy while watching the staff figure out how they are going to feed their family/or pay for parking on their meager salary. I will obtain my degree in 2 months, I doubt my manager even remembers, and like some others, I am looking for a job that appreciates and rewards me for my work ethic and loyalty as well as my desire to assist others while independently striving to grow myself. Audios!","Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2022","2.0"
"Slow paced","Slow Paced, good if you're in one of the lending teams. Less Devs with lot of agile people which is self explanatory as a mid level bank. Low compensation ","Software Developer","Current Employee","Remote","March 28, 2022","3.0"
"Could be a great environment with better management","Abysmal management that on morning meanings would tell us 'Sometimes the best work is work we don't get paid for'. Horrid work/life balance, decent pay but not for the amount of stress","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 28, 2022","1.0"
"too much work accountability for the pay range","As a Manager you need to work 45 hours weekly and overwhelming amount of job responsibility unrealistic task to complete . The compensation for management is not equitable for the responsibility.","Senior Branch Manager","Current Employee","Wil","March 26, 2022","3.0"
"Trading was stressful and triggered my anxiety","I wouldn't recommend this job unless you have previous banking experience. In my training class it seemed the ones with previous banking experience caught on a lot faster. I've worked with a few work from home call centers before and this was the most tedious and stressful one of all. I understand why they offer benefits and free accounts because they know the job is stressful.","Customer Service Representative work from home","Former Employee","Work from home","March 25, 2022","2.0"
"It had a great training program but in the branch was very different","Great training program that got you excited for your role. However the real life day to day in branch was not the same. High goals and high pressure even if not putting customer needs first","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","March 23, 2022","4.0"
"Internship Experience ","Everyone was nice and encouraging. It is a very relaxed position and you will need to take initiative in taking more tasks. You are on your own most of the time.","Treasury Management Sales Officer","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 23, 2022","3.0"
"Good place to work","You really have to take charge in wanting to advance and make sure you are open about it with management. this bank offers the tools and resources to make this possible as well. ","Branch Service Representative","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 22, 2022","4.0"
"No complaints ","Haven't been here too long. Just started a few months ago but no complaints so far! Good environment and 6wk training before you are moved on to banking floor. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Maryland","March 21, 2022","4.0"
"Not professional no work ethics ","They go by referrals for me which makes it unfair. They teach those whom they only like so no room for advancement. Feels like you're in a marketplace than in a workplace even managers yell across the room & being sarcastic. They said they have the volume but management only holding their work to show they have the volume. Look somewhere else this is a marketplace!","Lockbox Clerk","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","March 18, 2022","1.0"
"Remote Loans /Customer Service","I did not like the fact that new employees coming on got a better shift while new employees are stuck with there shift and not offered bids etc. This company also likes to up-train for different departments and not offer pay increases. I also noticed new employees got offered what employees whom had been with the company for a couple years were getting. All right company to work for.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 17, 2022","3.0"
"Decent place to work ","Call centers are call centers. I just hate back to back calls. Nonetheless the benefits were well. I liked being able to have a free checking account. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 15, 2022","4.0"
"All about departments ","Great place if you are in the right one, it really depends on the people in your department and the department it self. Work is what you make it take pride in your work.","Account Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2022","3.0"
"It's descent ","They want you to do more work without the added compensation. You'll work 2 Saturdays a month at least. Staffing is usually an issue. A bunch of pointless things ","Banker","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","March 13, 2022","4.0"
"High paced sales organization with ever-changing methods","Aggressive goal set for management that seems to only increase with time. Goals are built off prior year's accomplishments, so if you blow it out of the water, be prepared to have increased goals for years to come.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","March 13, 2022","3.0"
"Disorganized and not taking talent seriously","I've been at this bank for half a decade and have held more than one role at a mid-senior level. Each year I have seen more than 40% of teams turning over and spent a significant amount of work time recruiting for open roles. However once we get people hired, often we don't have work for them to do or they end up with busy work that isn't challenging. this bank isn't a culture where business results are prioritized enough, doing work tasks and having meetings is and the result is that they're falling behind in offering modern customer experiences. I am really disappointed in my experience, I expected to learn and grow and what I found is that management doesn't take the talent they have seriously.","Senior Strategy Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 12, 2022","2.0"
"Fast paced but monotonous ","My role as a teller is fast paced, the branch is very busy. Management feels out of touch with teller needs. The schedule changes daily and you're frequently stuck working beyond your scheduled shift time but even when you give advanced notice that you need a day off management makes you feel like it's a big deal and doesn't seem to want to work with you. Customers are super mean to new employees who are trying to follow policy for protecting customer accounts. The pay is higher than anywhere else in the area, and they do offer benefits, vacation time, sick time, etc. I would say this bank is a good company, there's plenty opportunities for growth, but I don't believe in my current branch that I have the tools I need to be successful and I don't want to stay long term. Turnover rate is high for a reason.","Teller","Current Employee","North Carolina","March 11, 2022","3.0"
"Great benefits ","The company is great and the benefits are even better. The hours are long and it's hard to balance work and home life. The workload is stressful and the pay is not enough for the amount of work and stress that is put on you. ","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 9, 2022","4.0"
"Conversion Nightmare","As a former bank B employee of 10+ years, I was very happy. When this bank bought out bank B I was hesitant but excited for something new. This conversion has been the most poorly constructed business plan I have ever witnessed. The training was insufficient and left thousands of employees clueless as to how to perform their jobs efficiently. I lost benefits that were important to me, including paid time off. The job roles we were placed into did not align with prior roles and responsibilities. The stress level is unreal. Multiple employees have broken into tears weekly from the stress. Imagine starting a new job as a banker. You've been a banker before so you have a general idea of responsibilities and expectations but it's still only your first day and you've not had any hands on experience with new systems, polices and procedures Now imagine everyone around you is in the same boat. Not one person knows these new systems and it's time to open the doors on a Monday. You have a line of customers with questions that you don't have the answers to. That want to service accounts but you don't know how. That truly need you to help them but you can't. That is what this process is like. My advice, stay away until they figure out. 5 months in and there are still so many issues to resolve. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Georgetown, TX","March 8, 2022","1.0"
"Decent company, compliance is a joke.","The compliance officers make it extremely hard to do your job. It's one thing to be thorough and another to nitpick and pass the buck, which they like doing.","Advisor Direct Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 7, 2022","3.0"
"Micromanaging ","Your are just a number with this company. The company is still getting on their feet after a big merge. However, the pressure on accomplishing sales goals is ridiculous. You are constantly being watched and babied. There is no peace of mind at this job. Management is terrible.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 7, 2022","2.0"
"Sourcing Loans and investments","Team approach, once the goals in my area were completed I was able to work with other areas and mentor train younger less experienced officers. We all worked toward the same goals","Commercial Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 5, 2022","5.0"
"A great WFH start","An amazing first wfh position to get used to structure. Calls are back to back, no bonuses. Amazing team leads. Room from growth within the company and a great career coaching program","Choice Banking Rep","Current Employee","Remote","March 4, 2022","3.0"
"stagnant and stressful","Very stressful. Have to deal with horrible customers and unable to disconnect line for disrespectful customers. Doesn't help those who have a life outside of work. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 4, 2022","1.0"
"Strong focus on diversity and inclusion. ","Overall this bank is a great company to work for depending on your department or location. They offer great benefits and wonderful PTO. Their focus on diversity and inclusion is inspiring and refreshing. There are many departments and areas for opportunity to branch out within the company. Staying away from the Retail Banking side in the Detroit Area may be a good idea. This area is full of unrealistic demands and no appreciation for effort or work completed even if it is/ was above and beyond. Pay could be better.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Michigan","March 4, 2022","2.0"
"Quick advancement","They seem to care about your future with them and offer advancement to other departments. Pay is not great for all the knowledge you need. Most the advancements are lateral with no advance in pay. ","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2022","4.0"
"Fun place to work","when i started we didn't have a manger so new employees were trying new employees. And then when we got a manger he didn't hold he accountable for their actions ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 3, 2022","4.0"
"Terrible Onboarding/Training experience ","Minimal training provided in a group virtual setting. The people in my group were hired for business banking and they definitely didn't seem qualified. Most didn't pay attention and were super disrespectful to the trainer. They couldn't grasp most of it and only 2 weeks of training they put you on the phone all but yourself before you even know how to use the systems and tell you to figure it out. Their 'in the moment support' requires you to wait long periods of time for someone to get to you which leaves the customer on hold forever and creates a terrible customer and agent experience. In the moment they have no time to explain what they tell you to do and you can't stop taking calls to ask. The calls are back to back with no break to document or look around. As soon as the client hangs another is in your ear. Craziest experience I've ever had. I've always been a top agent working virtually in customer service and NEVER seen anything like this. I was left no choice but to quit. Please protect your peace and don't put yourself through this.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2022","1.0"
"nice","all depends on coworkers they can make or break the day. small teams helped motivate staff. team activities and challenges helped keep the day interesting ","Business and Consumer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","February 28, 2022","4.0"
"Lots of changes ","Lots of changes happening with the acquisition of bank B. Feels very messy with everything going on. Seems like a fire drill consistently. Will be good in 3-5 years. ","Banker","Current Employee","Phoenix, AZ","February 27, 2022","3.0"
" this bank ","Just horrible. It's stressful. Management is under-appreciated. Everyone points fingers. No one makes any money. I never got a raise. Customers are meanâ€¦. this bank just wants you to push credit cards on people as old as 100 years old. Horrible. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 26, 2022","2.0"
"Positive work environment","Good training and support team. pay was certainly fair. stressful job in general, but that goes for most call centers, I would think. management and coworkers care about you","Credit Card Customer Service","Former Employee","Portag","February 26, 2022","4.0"
"Probably the worst banking job I've ever had","While I worked there, I was part of a small bank they had acquired, and they kept the same salary I had. Great, but when my performance review came, I was denied an increase since I had already reached the 75% percentile, and regardless of my job performance I was already earning the maximum allowed. Their salary was not competitive at all.They also ended up closing a lot of offices in the area within a few years of the acquisition. Even though they always referred to it as a 'merger,' it was quite evident that it was a hostile takeover.","Financial Sales Associate III","Former Employee","Somerville, NJ","February 26, 2022","2.0"
"Trained for one job but ended up doing a different job","This company literally set me up for failure. I was supposed be crossed trained on multiple jobs but was only allowed to be a teller, so I never was allowed to put the training in to use, therefore the rare times I was allowed to do my actual job, I had no hands on experience. The company puts great emphasis on selling products to get commissions, which caused an environment that was overly competitive and coworkers who were supposed to train me on jobs that relied heavily on commission would not let me train because they did not want me to get the commission and/or credit for the 'sale'. The environment was hostile, especially at certain offices. (I was a floater) I was there for 2 years and was very unhappy for the most part. The teller training was great, but there was a lot of overnight travel, usually for a week at a time, but the hotels were nice so if you like that kind of traveling it's nice. All in all it was a terrible experience and 2 years of my life that i consider wasted. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Bay City, Frankenmuth, Mt Pleasant, Essexville, Saginaw.","February 25, 2022","1.0"
"Productive job","Inbound calls back to back. Stayed busy throughout the day. Managers were very helpful along with my coworkers. Room to move up if you choose to. Left due to the location","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 24, 2022","5.0"
" this bank is the worse bank I have ever worked for!! Its horrible pay and management I would never ever ever return to this bank. "," this bank is horrible worse job a huge waste of my time. I didn't feel supported by management or upper management. The pay was low and the moral was even lower. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Belleville, MI","February 23, 2022","1.0"
"Great Training and Development Programs"," this bank's ACCEL program was a great opportunity to learn about retail banking. Felt supported by my managers and received great training. However, the branches themselves were often under-staffed resulting in long hours.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Wisconsin","February 23, 2022","3.0"
"Horrible place to work ","Working in the credit card customer service area of this company is a joke. Absolutely zero 'work life balance.' Because of the pandemic we work from home. Any time you need a new keyboard, mouse, headset or any other equipment they provide replaced, they do not pay you and they blame your internet service provider. The team leads and group leads are also a joke. They do not help when you need assistance with anything. They do not report that you have Covid or have been in contact with someone who has it, as that is their JOB. They do not follow any company policies. The most helpful people that work for them would be the HR investigating team. ","Credit Card Customer Service","Current Employee","Remote","February 22, 2022","1.0"
"Strong work/life balance culture","My experience as a software developer lead working here is pleasant, most of the people in the company are helpful and friendly. It is recommended to give it a chance if you are looking for a software developer role.","Software Developer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 20, 2022","4.0"
"Sales, sales & sales ","Management needs improvement. Company focus is sales, they use the word relationships, but it's sales and you are reminded everyday, each teller is expected to provide 3 leads per day, sometimes I only had 3 customers the entire day. I did not like having to offer older more vulnerable senior adults products that were not good for them or not needed.","Teller","Former Employee","North Carolina","February 19, 2022","3.0"
"Cool People but stressful","I enjoy the people at this bank, made some lifelong relationships, but the environment is stressful a lot of the time and you often have to follow strict work schedules due to schedule adherence rules.","Retail escalations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2022","4.0"
"Did remote work as an intern, wasn't given too much work to do so it was mostly chill.","Did remote work as an intern, wasn't given too much work to do so it was mostly chill. I was apart of the development program where I worked on a team with other interns and we did various projects for the team that were not too difficult. The skills learned for the job were decent but specialized to the work this bank needed done.","Technology Intern","Former Employee","Remote","February 19, 2022","3.0"
"Great place to enhance and learn new skills","Typical day involves managing and resolving tickets, working on projects, communicating with customers and internal partners, attending scheduled/unscheduled meetings.A lot of repetitive tasks as well as unusual issues to resolve daily","Platform Support Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 18, 2022","4.0"
"Standard bank ","This job was a standard bank job. Worked as a customer service Rep in one of the branches. The branch was not that busy so difficult to meet the goals they wanted. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Acworth, GA","February 17, 2022","3.0"
"Would not recommend ","Very stressful and high quotas expected. They listen to all calls and you have to be perfect and they will fire you for nothing and at the drop of a hat.","Credit Card Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 16, 2022","1.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank has great benefits and work life balance- overall a great place to start your career with growth opportunities. Management is very easy to communicate with. ","Branch Banker III","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 14, 2022","5.0"
"Stressful, stressful, and stressful. "," Constantly nagging managers, harassing clients to invest and opening credit cards they don't want or need, and making cold calls to clients everyday","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Spring Lake Heights, NJ","February 14, 2022","2.0"
"Regular Bank Teller Job ","I liked working in my community but management sucked. Advancements are solely based on favoritism and it's quite blatant. Managers are always on you about meeting goals but stand around and don't help you unless they absolutely have to. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hazleton, PA","February 13, 2022","3.0"
"Ok work environment. Slowly starting to implement telemarketing and these calls are just a step above cold calling for appointments,","If you work in a shopping center like I do, you are a teller and a telemarketing salesperson. In spite of the heavy teller traffic, you are judged strictly on sales goals and telemarketing numbers. The calling pressure is so great it tempts people to fudge numbers and report successes that are not really there which of course allows management to justify continuing high-volume calls. 50 per cent of the job is telemarketing, 40 per cent teller work and 10 per cent opening new accounts.If you do not mind working until 730 at night (starting at 1030am) and don't have an issue making 150 cold calls a month this job might be right for you. If not, stay away!!!","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 12, 2022","3.0"
"Great employees ","Great employees enjoyed working with fellow peers. The hours were long and thd business day became very stressful. Management was minimal to none. They do have great benefits. ","Teller","Former Employee","North Carolina","February 11, 2022","3.0"
"It's okay ","Good pay. The bad thing is they want the whole branch to be universal tellers which then can cause conflict when it comes to goals. Everyone's fighting for the same customer","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Dallas, TX","February 11, 2022","4.0"
"Decent benefits and pay","Decent benefits and pay, flexible schedule, high volume of work, very fast paced environment, roles and responsibilities between departments not clearly defined","Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 10, 2022","2.0"
"Supportive Inclusive work place with good work life balance","The company has pretty good paid time off/benefits 401k matching etc, and great coworkers and management. I have worked in branches and in call centers and I felt supported by my managers in both. I also feel there is room for mobility and advancement as long as your work hard and and make your intentions clear. The only downside is the pay could be better but i think the pay is pretty standard for the industry as well.","Call Center Representative","Current Employee","Maryland","February 10, 2022","4.0"
"Many opportunities for advancement","Great place to work with many opportunities for advancement within the organization. The company seems committed to diversity and inclusion programs and community involvement.","Banker Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","February 9, 2022","4.0"
"Tellers are great","Tellers were great to work with upper management seemed to be out of touch with reality and expectations. Manager would throw employees under the bus so to speak over ridiculous policies. ","Teller","Former Employee","Wintersville, OH","February 8, 2022","4.0"
"Productive, great work environment.","Great environment to work,big on TEAM WORK.Easy career advancement and training was fun.You learn a lot everyday as long as you stay focus&productive.","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Pasadena, MD","February 5, 2022","5.0"
"Not a bad place to work, but definitely room for improvement.","Not a horrible place to work, but they're driven by stats & analytics. Not the actual person. I personally hated getting company performance emails that showed quarterly profits in the billions, yet there would be pay freezes or lateral moves in pay for what should have been a promotion. ","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 3, 2022","3.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for. ","The salary is low compared to other banks, but the work life balance is excellent. this bank culture is top tier. It is a positive work environment and the upper management really care about you.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Camp Hill","February 1, 2022","5.0"
"N/a","Company was under-staffed. The transfer into digital branches was a terrible idea that only angered customers and upset employees. Lack of advancement ","RRT","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 30, 2022","3.0"
"Fun workplace, limited room to grow"," this bank is a banking service and mortgage provider. It offers its borrowers perks like interest rate discounts, cashback rewards and more. While it doesn't operate in every state, this bank lets you manage your mortgage payments online. It does have credit score requirements for some of its loan products","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Niles, IL","January 27, 2022","5.0"
"not bad","pay needs to be more, needs more room for growth, more family time is needed, overall something different everyday and not bad to work for. good benefits","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Illinois","January 27, 2022","4.0"
"Burnt out, they just extended my branch hours. ","While some companies are decreasing their branch hours for more of a work life balance this bank decides to increase the hours. My branch is now open a hour longer instead of 5 we close at 6 weekdays. And we added weekend hours! I are already burnt out with short staffing issues as well as overworked so this just makes it worse. There is no work life balance and I dread coming into work each day. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Colorado","January 26, 2022","1.0"
"Increased min wage","Management was unreliable around holidays, constant short staffing in branches (but good for the people that grew professionally and into different roles), company support at the beginning of COVID was great but decreased over time.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","January 26, 2022","3.0"
"Good company","overall good company but very stressful job, done with one call and next automatically comes in no down time to notate previous calls-overall good co ","Consultant","Former Employee","Delaware, OH","January 26, 2022","4.0"
"Most exhausting, depressing job ever. Not sure if it was my location, or this bank as a company. In my experience, this was the worst job I've ever had. ","Horrible & lazy management. Throws NEW employees in without correct training. Hypocritical management, not understanding of anything. Manager & ABM sit around doing nothing while putting entire workload on new staff & disagrees to help. Would never recommend this place for anyone. Mental health was not considered when talked about. Going into work I physically felt sick everyday knowing I had to deal with the stress. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Salisbury, MD","January 25, 2022","1.0"
"A good place for a new developer to blend in","If the job title is Software Dev Associate, beware that it's really a QA analyst role. This company hires contractors to do the real development work. It's very hard/impossible to move up from this role, forcing you to leave the company. Other than that, it's a good place to work with friendly people and good benefits. You'll have access to support and learning materials.","Software Developer Associate","Current Employee","Remote","January 25, 2022","3.0"
"Cool place to work","Cool place to work. Glad I had the experience and would recommend it to anyone whose just starting in their career path. I have nothing bad to say about working for the place","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","District of Columbia","January 24, 2022","5.0"
"This company is very fair when it comes to compensation and performance expectations. Management is great and empowers you to achieve your goals.","Great job, however, you must have a great attention to detail and good confidence when it comes to speaking. Goals are clearly set, and you depend on yourself to get them done. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","January 23, 2022","5.0"
"Good company to work for; one of the better-managed top banks; on a careful growth track","Management supportive, not intrusive; good, ethical and competent co-workers; the culture was a 'can-do' type of attitude; relaxed, non-hierarchical structure and tone; everything is based on problem-solving. You must care for your clients/customers. ","VP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 22, 2022","5.0"
"Stressful working in Brecksville, Operations Unit. Heavy workload, low pay rate. ","It's important to know your worth. You must be self-motivated and confident in your abilities. Be willing to walk away from employment with this bank as soon as you realize opportunities for advancement are not as great for you as they are for others. this bank's Brecksville unit of operations treats employees as though they are children and not professionals, by the way, they micromanage employees. A meaningful plus to employment with this bank is having an opportunity to participate in the community outreach volunteer programs when you join their Employee Business Resource Groups (EBRG). ","Loan Support Specialist II","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 22, 2022","3.0"
"Fast Paced Environment With Supportive Staff","Fast paced job in retail banking. Many physical branches closed so traffic is high with people that still prefer in person banking. Job entailed running withdraws, deposits, and accepting payments. Always needed to offer a financial product to customers with every transaction. A monthly quota had to be met. ","Teller","Former Employee","Marion, OH","January 21, 2022","4.0"
"Great culture fun place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank. The people, environment and culture were all wonderful. However, compensation is mediocre at best and raises never exceed 2% regardless of performance.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 20, 2022","4.0"
"Love working from home ","It's a good company to work for benefits are good and they promote work life balance. Not happy with the hours but that's just due to me having smaller children but the work is fun and enjoyable","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 19, 2022","5.0"
"Excellent bank with an incredible work life balance","I've worked for this bank since Summer of 2020 and they have adapted to the virtual environment with a desire to satisfy their employees just as much as their consumers. ","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2022","5.0"
"Relaxed, very good time off with pay, and most departments have a team atmosphere. ","I just wish they paid more. It doesn't feel like there is much incentive for being a dedicated employee. There is not much monetary reward. The raises are minimal, even with great reviews from your manager. ","Processor","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2022","4.0"
"Terrible management. ","Maybe it was my location, but working at this bank was bad. Manager never wanted to help or teach me new skills. They basically throw you into the water and expect you to know everything day 1. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 18, 2022","2.0"
"A great job to get your foot in the door but there is no progression!","Being a Universal Banker for this bank was my first official job as an adult and I must say it is a great starting point so that you can truly understand what you need from your employers in the future. I learned so much about the importance of financial well-being and received extensive practice on how to handle all type of customer interactions which is a bonus for my future career path. The negatives of the job would be the compensation, the in-store branch hours provide no work/life balance and lastly, the constant changes in protocol and technology made it extremely difficult to keep up with proper procedures when it comes to helping customers. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","January 17, 2022","3.0"
"I have always enjoyed to work in this bank. Nice people ","Nice people, good benefits and a lot of opportunities to learn something new.I have always found help my colleges. And there is a great company culture.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Green Spring, VA","January 17, 2022","5.0"
"Not for the weak ","Calls are non stop. Metrics are high. Pay and benefits are great, but the stress will make you burn out. Managers are nice and helpful, but there will be some situations where you will not know what to do to help the customer. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 17, 2022","3.0"
"Nice company to work for. When I was there the incentive pay was really good. "," this bank Is a good company to work for. They are very adamant about theirs employees learning the consultative conversation. The incentive pay was good when I was there. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","January 16, 2022","5.0"
"No no and no","Call center is extremely busy and there is zero time to breath. They trick you and tell you your getting promoted but with no extra pay but it'll be good for the experience. Don't do it ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","January 15, 2022","3.0"
"Very busy place, no work life balance","It is insanely busy ok if you like being stressed out not very great managers, very stressful! No work life balance. Also clients can be very rude because of staffing issues","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Florida","January 13, 2022","2.0"
"Not a decent place to work for the long term. Theirs no work/life balance. ","The only positive is that it's remote. Other than that, just run. Morale is low. There is no work life balance. Call Volumes are high because of the new bank acquired.","Customer Service Representative CCC","Former Employee","Remote","January 13, 2022","1.0"
"Good company and good work culture ","There is lot of opportunities to learn and grow. Good work life balance and people are knowledgeable of the processes and products. However there is less transparency.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2022","4.0"
"Don't do it","Having to deal with the people that come into the bank is the worst part of the job. They constantly are yelling at you and trying to tear you down. this bank treats you as less of a human being and more a robot who is supposed to come to their every call and do absolutely everything they want no matter what or you're a terrible employee. I once had a family accident where a family member was in a car accident and taken to the hospital, I left 15 minutes early (at the end of the day , no customers were coming in and no work needed to be done) I got written up the next day after they said it was okay for me to leave. ","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","January 6, 2022","1.0"
"Solid","Great work life balance. Good amount of time off and holidays. Other benefits are okay. Advancement can be slow but there are opportunities. Okay pay, after a few years they do pay more pending good reviews","Business Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 4, 2022","5.0"
"Work life balance doesn't exist! ","Management knows and is completely fine with the fact that all employees are overworked. 50-60 hours a week at minimum is not only welcome but expected. Vacation? Yea right your work laptop is with you and you'll still put in a few hours a day. Training did not even slightly prepare you for your job. ","Fraud Detection and Investigation specialist","Former Employee","Ohio","January 3, 2022","1.0"
"Great environment ","Loved this job. Just outgrew the position. Overall a wonderful company to work for. The change to hours of operation is the biggest downfall. The place begins to feel like a family for sure.","Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville, IN","January 3, 2022","5.0"
"Great place","Good place to work but hours need to be changed! Even Saturday need to be rotated for all employees. We have our life outside of the company. Overall great place to work","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","December 29, 2021","5.0"
"The job was not enjoyable. Micromanaging was a major pain point. ","The work is tedious. The account holders are rude. My manager was never available when needed yet somehow micromanaged my every move. Training was insufficient. Tons of info is crammed into 15 min meetings, there's no room for questions lest we go 1 sec over. High expectations with minimal support.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Remote","December 28, 2021","2.0"
"Enjoyed working with this bank, but feeling overworked, overstressed and underpaid is the reason in which I chose to leave this bank.","Enjoyed working with this bank, but feeling overworked, overstressed and underpaid is the reason in which I chose to leave this bank. this bank had a great team environment, great support while in training, but you truly have to be self reliant afterwards and be proactive on your training and information retention.","Escalations Supervisor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 28, 2021","4.0"
"Branch Manager can make job difficult ","It is so unfortunate that my experience resulted in poor taste, as I was diligent throughout the interview process, even when I was chosen as a 2nd option. Which didn't change my enthusiasm-and I was eager to move forward. I was met with quite a bit of resistance from the branch Manager in my new hire training and I found that odd considering the position needed filled. Hopefully, there can be more rigorous checks and balances pertaining to managerial conduct. Otherwise, the customers were mostly pleasant! I also received some great reviews from them. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","December 26, 2021","1.0"
"Ok place to work","Ok place to work . Work life balance is great , however not much room for growth worse if you are part time! I didn't get much benefit so I cannot comment on that aspect","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Castle, PA","December 26, 2021","4.0"
"Never Again!!!","If you have struggle with severe anxiety like me, this is not the job for you. You will be training for a few weeks, learning and doing homework then they throw you on the phone but with little support. Every day I had nothing but people calling in screaming at me, and when you reach out for help from retail support you get nothing but rude responses from fellow COWORKERS. Managers micromanage you and don't give you clear answers on how to improve, they just throw articles in your face so if you are hands on it takes multiple mistakes to learn anything. They have unrealistic goals they want you to meet and they don't care about you as a individual, they only care about numbers. You will be monitored on every single thing you are doing. The only thing that ever made this job worth staying was the money, expensive health insurance. This job made me so extremely unhappy, stressed and anxious every single day. Do yourself a favor and don't work here.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","December 23, 2021","1.0"
"Good pay and incentive pay. Micromanaging is out of hand.","The micromanaging is over the top. It's like you're a child. They like to sit in with you and your customer to watch everything you do even if you are a top performer. This causes a lot of anxiety and stress and is shown to inhibit performance. You've trained me and I've passed all the classes/training/observations. I'll ask for help if I need it. Now leave me alone and I will soar!!","Banker","Current Employee","Florida","December 22, 2021","2.0"
"Can be a great place to work depending on your position.","Worked in multiple positions in this company. As a Teller, I loved what I did. Always felt as though management had my back and wanted to see me succeed. As a customer care consultant, it was the total opposite.","Teller","Former Employee","Chestertown, MD","December 22, 2021","3.0"
"Only cares about money.","The company does not care about you as a person. The only thing they care about is making money off the customers, not for the customers well being. Awful work hours.","Teller","Former Employee","Camby, IN","December 21, 2021","2.0"
"Great place ","Great friendly environment to work in. Lots of regular customers who you learn to see every day and develop relationships. Talked away so it can be hard to promote incentives","Teller","Former Employee","Hackensack, NJ","December 20, 2021","5.0"
"Outdated dinosaur trying to survive.","Limited collateral options, and slowing moving back office. this bank is a dinosaur technology wise internally, and will go the way of the dodo if they don't streamline processes. Solid financial products, and good vision in some areas but lost in the sauce in others. They coach to career growth, but when you ask about advancement you are told to wait.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Florida","December 19, 2021","3.0"
"Great chance to learn and grow","This company was a great start for someone in banking to learn the functions of a bank. You will be thoroughly trained in your role. Great place to work overall the pay is very competitive. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Davie, FL","December 18, 2021","3.0"
"Good and supportive coworkers. Short staff all the time because they keep cutting positions. ","It is not a bad place to start your carrier and to learn about banking but if you want to stay there think about it because you are going to work the whole day almost every day no days off. unrealistic sales goal and it's all about sales. Some Bad and rude manager's even if you give a bad review for those bad managers of course nothing happens they just make you look bad because they get the information so they know who gave them the score and the will come after you to find a reason to write you up or possibly fire you . Forget about being a supervisor because you have to do the job so you basically have just the title more work and less pay . ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rockville, MD","December 17, 2021","2.0"
"Great company, excellent benefits, pay could be a little higher"," this bank is great, lots of opportunities for growth and amazing access to all sorts of different training. Supportive atmosphere. The benefits are impressive: good healthcare plus HSA with employer contribution, fertility assistance, maternity leave paid at 100%, 401k matching, pension, etc. Only downside is the salary is on the lower side. But may be worth it for the decent work life balance.","Software Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2021","5.0"
"Good company ","Opportunity for growth. High bonuses. Great benefits. Nice 401k plan. You will get earn good money, but you'll work extremely hard for every cent. Flexible hours and they offer work at home.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2021","5.0"
"Overall a great place to work, but not necessarily compensated on the higher end. ","Overall a great place to work, but not necessarily compensated on the higher end. Great benefits and great management. Sometimes the constant restructuring can get confusing","Software Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2021","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Great place to work. Managers push metrics and advancement in the company. There is always room for growth. Very diverse environments and lots of peer appreciation. Highly cultured environment. ","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","December 10, 2021","5.0"
"meh ","I like the people but the management had something to be desiredA lot of pressure to perform with little training and short staffing did not help the situation.","A","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 9, 2021","3.0"
"It's ok","Pay isn't great and raises are extremely low. Hard to gain experience to move up in the company. Must be willing to jump around from one department to another to potentially gain experience. Health benefits and retirement benefits are good.","Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2021","3.0"
"Lack of growth/High turnover","I worked at this bank for 6 years. High turnover, poor pay and lack of growth. They want to you sell yet you can never leave the branch due to no staff. Boys club. ","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","December 9, 2021","1.0"
"Good Starter Company","This company is good for people just starting out in the financial world and needing to gain experience. PTO is great 1st year, you have full access to those benefits, on a prorated basis, at hire. Management micro managers and is tough. Sales are pushed heavily despite extremely reduced traffic in the branches due to promoting 'self-banking' technologies so heavily. You are expected to cold call a minimum of 10 dials a day. Some of the conversations with customers are very difficult as they are very irritated by all the changes at this bank. Financial centers have caused a lot of customer dissatisfaction and reduced traffic even more, putting a lot of pressure on employees to meet sales goals","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 9, 2021","3.0"
"Exciting job ","Pro: financial education development and learning about the ins and out of financial institutionsCon: not much growth in terms of in branch services but I'm sure there are more opportunities at bank level ","Banker","Former Employee","East Windsor, NJ","December 8, 2021","5.0"
" this bank is overrated "," this bank doesn't care about Pittsburgh anymore. The only reason they have raised their pay rates is because of Chase and Bank of America moving into the area. They don't care about your work life balance. ","CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 8, 2021","3.0"
"working here is okay","The pay is okay if you are taking care of just yourself. Mangers are kind and supportive. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone who hates when customers curse you out because they do that a lot at this bank (everyone thinks because they have a few thousand dollars in there account they are important). But if you learn to just tune everyone out and focus on doing your job right, its pretty much okay.","Teller","Current Employee","Wesley Chapel, FL","December 7, 2021","4.0"
"Employee focused","I love working here. The culture is great and the pay is good. Great benefits including a company funded retirement. Very supportive management and a good training program. ","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 6, 2021","5.0"
"Was a good job, but very focused on numbers. ","My direct manager was very focused on numbers. Every morning she would call out the person who preformed the worst the day before. Part time employees had to work every Saturday.. Would not allow us to trade if we needed a Saturday off, had to use PTO.","TELLER","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 6, 2021","4.0"
"Okay Bank to work For","It's an okay bank to work for, the pay and the benefits are great. But you have to make 40-60 dials per day, every single day. And it's hard when you have other things going on. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Greenville, NC","November 30, 2021","3.0"
"Stressful but ok","Management was great but hard to get promoted callers screamed at you but I did love working at home. Hard to get different hours once you were in your set schedule ","Business Banker","Former Employee","Remote","November 29, 2021","3.0"
"Its a good start into Banking","I wouldn't plan on spending more than 3 years at the branch. It's a great environment to learn more about banking and the banking industry as a whole if you have never worked in banking. You have some okay, normal benefits. The only good thing is the pension you get vested into when you reach 3 years of working for this bank. However, that's where it stops. They are on the low end of the salary pool and even if you get promoted twice with the company in 3 years, you'll always be making less of a salary of those in the same position in your area with any competitor.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 29, 2021","3.0"
"Do not apply here.","Do not apply with these people, they lie about the compensation, about the job and everything else. It was like working in a 3rd world nation. Run away from this place if you can.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Strasburg, PA","November 29, 2021","1.0"
"A great IT dept","I am dissatisfied with my role at this bank, but that is in no way a reflection of the organization. It is really just a boring job, and I should not have accepted it. It is a great department and very supportive. Just a bad fit personally for my role. I would gladly accept another more interesting position in this company and/or department.","Systems Integrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 29, 2021","4.0"
"Productive work environment ","Easy advancement ,excellent training opportunities. Great atmosphere! Team work is incredible! Easy access to all resources needed. Job is amazing! Recommend!","Card Services Representative","Current Employee","Work from home","November 28, 2021","5.0"
"People are great, benefits okay, actual job is a trial","I will say that the other people working here are generally really nice and helpful. Management is super supportive. Absolutely no complaints there. The insurance only offers high deductibles, which sucks if you have a chronic condition. The actual job is very emotionally draining. Being on the phone all day with people having the worst days of their lives and not really being able to do much is just awful.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","November 26, 2021","3.0"
"Amazing ","i love working in this bank but they push a lot in sales, if you are not a sales person this is not the right work for you, salary at first is nee but the rise is amazing ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Kearny, NJ","November 23, 2021","5.0"
"Horrible","My manager resigned 1 month into this role if that vtrr ed lols you anything. Too many outdated systems. Horrible loan pricing. No accountability from management. Hostile work environment. ","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Saint Louis County, MO","November 22, 2021","1.0"
"Employee engagement is trending in the wrong direction","This used to be a great place to work. Now, it's good. Compensation is below the market, the benefits are okay, but employee appreciation has lessened. Free this bank polos, sweatshirts, etc. for Employee Appreciation Week have been replaced with online word find games, they've cut the extra week of vacation employees used to be able to buy, small things like that. There's also emphasis on growing the company while shrinking the staff - more off-shoring and pushing people out. But it's hard to get fired for performance, so the low performers tend to stay forever while the best and brightest continue to leave. Teams are becoming more segmented, so the old career pathing is largely gone, it's become harder to move around in the company.","Retail Lending Operational Risk Management","Current Employee","Remote","November 20, 2021","3.0"
"Change is inevitable ","They change and expect the same of employees. Management expectations are high. this bank pays good, however they do not concentrate on employees development ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 19, 2021","2.0"
"High sales pressure & favoritism ","Very stressful atmosphere, sales pressure. The pay was great but not worth the stress. High deductible health plan was a little difficult with being a single parent.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant III","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","November 19, 2021","3.0"
"Good starter job to get work experience","enjoyed co-workers. Training program was well organized. Not the best advancement opportunities. Didn't always do the job I signed up for. Sometimes short staffed.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","November 16, 2021","3.0"
"Poor management. ","Management kept rotating so often nobody knew nobody. That would also mean that there was nobody there to attest to your hard work which would in the long run hinder your growth opportunities. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wayne, PA","November 16, 2021","1.0"
"What else to say..working frontline for a bank : very low pay and lots of pressure","Frontline worker in a bank - of course Working for low pay, and lots of pressure to up-sell, i did not fall for their up-sell pressure to my customers who, many were nice people but i could see they struggle financially, so why would i follow what the bank says, and sell to these people even more debt they cannot afford. So, I didn't do what bank told me, and avoided up-selling as much as i could. There you go","Confidential - Front line","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 14, 2021","3.0"
"I would not recommend","I work for this bank as a customer service rep. Very long work hours taking calls back to back. I am very familiar with the call center environment and know this is to be expected but management is down your throat every step of the way. It is such a toxic atmosphere. The only perks are you get to do this from the comfort of your home.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","November 13, 2021","2.0"
"Met some great people","My Branch Mgr was great... But the Teller lead was horrible... No training.. Just threw me into it.. Would be little me in front of customers... Felt like i couldn't ask questions... couldn't take brakes... Hours were weird 6 days... But only worked 28 hrs","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lockport, IL","November 13, 2021","2.0"
"Good Internship Experience","This was my first technical experience, and it was give and take. I learned a lot about the workforce life and agile terms. But in terms of projects, they are not the most interesting.","Technology and Innovation Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2021","4.0"
"Good benefits and opportunities ","The benefits are good, plenty of opportunities across the US now due to acquisition. In comparison to other banks the salary could be more competitive.","Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 10, 2021","4.0"
"Ok ","Place was ok to work. We did teller and platform. Benefits were good. Bonus was really good. Had to deal with all sorts of customers and providing them products and services ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 9, 2021","5.0"
"Traveling RRT","They make you work 6 days a week, sometimes you're there from 8:45-6:15, absolutely insane. I was hired for the rrt position which required me to be teller and banker when needed. The virtual training was okay but then being in the branches you'd had to ask for help and sometimes other team members couldn't be bother, so would have to figure it on my own. A lot of the managers you'd meet can be very micromanage in sales. They expect you to throw a sales pitch at any client walking in. They push credit cards & loans application to clients but don't fully educate them. They also have a terrible metric system , if you are rated anything below 8, you'd have to take a class in customer service. Even if something was not your fault but is just how the client feels about youAs an rrt most of the time your manager will be the regional manager and they hardly care about you but leave it to a branch manager to give you feedback.Benefits are okay, some branches better than others, they need to stop the 6 day work week, overall a good bank if you want to get into banking. ","Regional Branch Banker Associate MLO","Former Employee","Illinois","November 9, 2021","3.0"
"Great management ","Caring and motivating managers who are invested in your career advancement. Flexibility to work from home. Can pivot to different groups with support of team if you aren't in love with your current role.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Texas","November 8, 2021","4.0"
"Fun and productive workplace "," this bank is a great company in terms of diversity. They present many opportunities for growth. Depending on the region/branch you work for, you may have very little work-life balance. When I first started, I worked overtime every week.","Lead Teller","Former Employee","White Marsh, MD","November 8, 2021","3.0"
"Overall employees are treated with respect, the pay is on the lower level ","Great company for someone that's trying to build a career, but not really for your experienced worker who expects to earn a more competitive salary compared to many other FS companies. ","Account Executive","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 5, 2021","5.0"
"null","There is currently a pay raise going on to raise the minimum wage here to $18 which i think is great however, there is not an even pay raise going to the employee's who already work here.","A","Current Employee","Virginia","November 5, 2021","5.0"
"Productive workplace","Coworkers were very helpful. Management made sure you were in a position to succeed. I enjoyed coming to work. The environment was very friendly and the locations was close to home.","Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 3, 2021","4.0"
"Don't believe what you are told","I was given a contract that was remote. The position was difficult to do because of us being remote. Training was very difficult. Time was monitored way to close which put more pressure on you and your job.","Help Desk Specialist II Remote","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 2, 2021","1.0"
"Terrible place. "," this bank became the worst place to work for in past few years. No recognition, no bonus. All they pushed for great customer service while having no staff to run the place. Pay was terrible with the amount of responsibility given. I am glad I left when I did. Wouldn't recommend the company to anyone let alone my friends or family. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","USA","November 2, 2021","1.0"
"N/a"," this bank has great benefits, the compensation isn't really great. You have a great work life balance. There isn't B really much room for growth. I did enjoy working with my coworkers, they were all pretty nice. You could use it as a stepping stone. The work wasn't very complicated & the manager is super nice. Overall this bank was a great experience for me. ","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 1, 2021","5.0"
"Not For Me","The training was promising, the person who did the virtual training was nice, was a good start. Once I got into the branch it was constant stress for laughably low pay. All the managers knew how to do was micromanage and stress you out. Also a lot of conflicting statements such as 'answer the phone' and then at another point if you answered the phone you would get in trouble. Or 'don't be afraid to ask questions!' then you'd ask a question and you'd get the equivalent of 'Google it.' Then you'd get docked for not being quick enough despite being new and having a question and having to look up the answer yourself through a large ' this bank Edge' article which takes a considerable amount of time. I felt as I was absolutely set up to fail here, was not worth the stress, not worth the pay, and not worth having to work mostly 10 hour days. ","Teller","Former Employee","United States","October 31, 2021","2.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","I absolutely loved working for this company. I made the mistake of leaving because I thought I wanted to work in the medical field. Unfortunately that backfired and now I'm trying to claw my way back into the business world. ","Teller","Former Employee","Greenville, NC","October 30, 2021","5.0"
"Good work-life balance, good people, decent work","Obviously a lot depends on your specific team/manager, but for the most part the people are pretty friendly, the work-life balance is either decent or good most of the time. Pay/benefits is ok but not amazing by any means. You learn a lot from some very smart people.","Quantitative Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2021","4.0"
"Competitive Salary and Benefits","Great pay , opportunity for growth. Great Benefits. Easy going work environment. Professional work environment , great colleagues, management is supportive.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Bedminster, NJ","October 27, 2021","4.0"
"Good and bad","I am a long-time employee so I've seen the good and the bad from this company. Senior management tends to be heavily skewed to one particular demographic and it becomes apparent any time there's a change broached, such as updating WFH policies (although the pandemic has changed some of that). Insurance options stink and you have to fight for every raise you get. Management would rather give one-time performance bonuses rather than a meaningful salary increase. It is embarrassing to work for a company that pulls in billions in profit every year and then I have to tell my staff they're getting a 1.2% raise.That being said, some managers (particularly the younger ones) are excellent and understand the value of providing employees the space to do their jobs without micromanaging. The company has made a huge push to increase D&I conversations and is making meaningful investments in the community.","Risk Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2021","3.0"
"I have had a wonderful experience so far"," this bank has given me the opportunity to grow as an individual in my career and I have learned so much about myself as a leader. Lower management has been top tier great and the teams I have got to work with make it even better. You can't beat the vacation and benefits here at this bank. ","Business banking assistant branch manager","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","October 23, 2021","4.0"
"Political cowards - I thought this bank was different, got Duped","PEOPLE ARE LEAVING THE COMPANY IN WAVES, NOT A STABLE PLACE TO WORK!! STAY AWAY! I know it's long but please read it all.I would like to point out that I am a minority and fit in the POC category who tries to show everyone with respect and promote inclusive behaviors that are appropriate for the workplace. this bank does not hold those values and I feel I must speak up.When I started working here I had never felt so confident about a company, but since COVID and the political tension of the past year or so, this company has really shown it's true colors and unfortunately it isn't a environment that is comfortable for all. Which is why so many people are leaving. They want you to think they are growing with this new bank B merger but they are constantly closing and consolidating branches, loosing employees, and falling short on sales goals across multiple markets... so let's list some things they don't want you to know.*There is NO work life balance. Several college students or young mothers have quit for this very reason. Hours have been extended during the week and weekend hours. under-staffing (a common theme here, sorry) has put a great strain on branches, Over-Time has not been approved so with extended hours we have to shave even more time off of our schedules which leaves the under-staffed that much more strained. Our customers also do not care for the new hours as they regularly are upset with us Saturday mornings as they have been waiting an hour for us to open and people really don't come after 12 on Saturdays or 5 during the week and most days after 4 it is dead. SomeÂ -Â more...","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","October 23, 2021","2.0"
"Fun & relaxed workplace but not good competitive compensation ","Good company to retire, good benefits and work life balance and job is secured, socialist approach..Can consider employee pay and growth as a company.","Software Developer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2021","4.0"
"Caring management","Management is easy to talk to and are supportive of staff career and development. The company is growing so career opportunities will increase. this bank is one of the best employers ive had.","Line of Business Risk Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2021","5.0"
"Awful management","The worst place I have worked at! The gave ampule time to do the training but they barely did any training. Then once I got to the branch, I was expected to know everything without any help. Management was a joke and will never bank or work there again. ","Retail Banker","Former Employee","Washington Court House, OH","October 22, 2021","1.0"
"Ok place to work ","They will train you there's a lot of places for you to get help if you don't know something but the pay is low. Advancing into a new position is pretty easy, after one year you speak with your manager about your goals ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","October 22, 2021","4.0"
"Terrible ","Don't waste your time. No raises. No promotions. Managers are terrible, all they do is go out for lunch and leave early. Coworkers get away with doing nothing and get paid more. Seriously, terrible company.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Wisconsin","October 20, 2021","1.0"
"This company only cares about it's stupid numbers on their reports do not care about the people that work at branches","Do not give you tools that work for you to be able to your job. This place is a joke. Absolutely no work/life balance at all. Now have to work 6 days a week","Teller","Former Employee","West Bend, WI","October 19, 2021","1.0"
"Strong, Inclusive Culture","I'm impressed with the continued opportunity for growth inside the company. Management seem to always be willing to guide toward goals and professional development that will allow for advancement.","Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","October 19, 2021","4.0"
"Unfortunate Management at my site","The job itself was not bad. However my manager promoted me without training me and would call out often, leaving me as the only banker with no support and very little understanding of what was expected of me. It was highly stressful and difficult. Then I would be reprimanded for my mistakes and that was the only time management would talk to me, even though I had many questions that I asked for help with.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","October 18, 2021","3.0"
"Shart on staffing. Employees are expected to work short staffed most of the rime.","Micro management. Staffing issues. Expectations of management can not be met due to staffing issues. Benefits could be better. Experience in banking does not see to matter in internal job transfer requests.","Branch personnel","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 17, 2021","3.0"
"Good company, transparent ","-fair to employees- needs to update some technology very tedious tech- frontline management pushes for results but does nothing to draw business-you get pushed a lot to share leads with other employees in the branch","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Illinois","October 15, 2021","3.0"
"Good Technology, Poor Pay and Promotion Opportunities ","Stressful, low salaries, poor career advancement opportunities, poor quality management. Technology for employees and customers is good. Usually have good offers and giveaways for customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","October 12, 2021","4.0"
"Poor management ","Poor management. Horrible growth opportunities. They would rather hire from outside. Employees are just a number. CEO could care less about anything but the almighty dollar. Spent months doing mandatory overtime. ","Loan Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2021","1.0"
"Great Place To Work ","Pros:Very stable financial company. Great benefits. Risk averse. Good diversity and inclusion policies. Cons:Slow adoption of new technologies. Heavy change management process.","Technology Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","October 11, 2021","4.0"
"Meaningful work, fantastic team. Compensation could definitely be better. Base salary and incentive pay are not as competitive as other places. ","Overall, a solid company to work for. My team does meaningful work for employees across the enterprise. Senior leadership support (several layers above me) can be a challenge. This year has been challenging from a resource perspective. Great flexibility. Could move the needle on pay and not just the $18/hour population. Mid career and senior level professionals need an adjustment too after not necessarily being paid competitively to the market. ","Manager","Current Employee","North Carolina","October 10, 2021","5.0"
"better work life balance, old timer culture, dark ages ","It's a good place for hours, bad for diversity and inclusion. Old school mentality, old technology, and unreceptive to new ideas. They hire a lot of â€˜diverse' candidates but keep them at bottom of ladder. No transparency on career advancement.Pros are flexible work arrangements and less stressful work, but depending on your manger you could be both stressed and underpaid. ","VP Audit","Former Employee","New York, NY","October 7, 2021","2.0"
"Benefits and incentive get worse every year","Used to be great place to work then begets changed to high deductible and incentive got cut even when company itself would tell us how much profit they were making.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 6, 2021","3.0"
"Heres the thing, we started out fine","It was cool, it was all divine. When I first started with this bank it seemed like it had a good family feel in the company culture, but four years later it seems like they care less and less about the individual. Decisions are made about departments without anyone knowing what goes on in that department, and you generally find out you've been doing something wrong about a week later because no one bothers to communicate. The lower levels of management are amazing, but the higher ups are so out of touch.","Processing Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2021","3.0"
"Can work remote and there is good work life balance. ","I have a great manager which makes all of the difference. My job is not hard because of repetition. I am close to retirement so the opportunities are not there. I have a good team that I work on. No cut throats. ","Software Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","October 5, 2021","4.0"
"Constant restructuring","There is a culture of restructuring in the company that can be very tiresome. Endless meetings discussing new ways of doing things are in the way of actually doing those things. It's a revolving door of strategies, people moving around the company. Overall it seemed very chaotic and superficial. Benefits and other stuff like that are generous, I felt supported by management and never ran into any problems in regards to time off. The day to day hugely depends on the immediate team and manager. I had a fantastic one! But it varies greatly based on my conversations with coworkers. At the end of the day I did not feel challenged and fulfilled by what I was doing. And the compensation is below average with no room for negotiation. ","Software Developer","Former Employee","Remote","October 4, 2021","4.0"
"No work life balance","There is no work life balance. All u do is work work work work. They are always short staff at every single branch. The pay is so small for the amount of work load you have to do","Teller","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","October 4, 2021","2.0"
"Good flexibility"," this bank has great flexibility with working remotely, even pre covid. The organization is large so sometimes it's hard to feel like your work is being noticed. ","Digital Product Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2021","4.0"
"Bad management ","Great job. Good people. Terrible benefits. If you don't want to aggressively climb the corporate ladder you are pushed out. Whatever happened to being satisfied where you are ? ","Recruiter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2021","3.0"
"Don't care about employees","All company cares about is how much money they are making. They treat their employees bad and only care if you are reaching your goals. They are very quick to fire people as well.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Tarentum, PA","October 1, 2021","1.0"
"It's reasonable ","Can be stressful at times but not a bad place. I worked from home so it can be on the boring tiring side. Stay motivated and you can make the best of it.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","September 29, 2021","3.0"
"Hard to get help from management when needed","PTO and benefits were great. Lack of help from management. Training was very long yet inadequate for the role. Very stressful even when working remotely. Too many meetings about 'culture' and not enough time dedicated to answers for actual day-to-day work questions.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 29, 2021","3.0"
"Very stressful the corporation thinks only for the top corporate people even sales people mean nothing","Management is clueless expect the world from you and give only stress in return. They do not support you and they take away your bonus structure with no notice at all. this bank makes a lot of money for the corporate people but the ones in the face of retail they take away the bonus with no notice. They are very shady with what the tell the employees","Inbound Sales Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 29, 2021","2.0"
"doesn't reward ","Tasked to do a ton of work without any sort of quality management concerns. Feels like lack of reward to put additional effort in. People are nice and increase to salary will be good. ","Mentor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 28, 2021","4.0"
"Great coworkers, room to move around","Overall, enjoyed my time working for the company. PTO was great, but leadership/managers could use a lot training and development. Remote work was available for some during COVID-19 ","Development Program Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2021","3.0"
"Stressful Job","Unrealistic monthly goals, management has no idea what happens on a day to day basis at branches and expect bankers to reach very unrealistic goals. Micromanaging ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 27, 2021","1.0"
"Can be very stressful","Grateful to be employed. Overall the customers are nice, they just get a little anxious to get to closing. Can be very stressful & challenging due to high volume pipelines during this epic mortgage low rate period. You have to be very organized & have a lot of patience for internal & external.","Processor","Former Employee","Virtual","September 24, 2021","3.0"
"You are expendable ","The best way that I can describe my experience with this bank (while keeping this concise) is by labeling the good, the bad, and the ugly.The Good - Work life balance is great as long as you're not a part of middle management (middle management works constantly the minute that they become exempt). Lots of opportunities to work from home, good family leave policy, and schedules are semi-flexible depending upon which department you work in.The Bad - Pay is low, raises are virtually non-existent, and upper management has no concept of what life is like for people who make less than $100K per year. If you're looking to climb the corporate ladder here, expect cutthroat style competition.The Ugly - Training is TERRIBLE, systems are antiquated, and major changes are often made to products/processes with little notice/explanation and zero employee input. Communication between departments is often hostile and no one wants to take responsibility for problems. Mistakes are made often because many people have no idea what they're doing (through no fault of their own).","Loan Research Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2021","2.0"
"Imagine all of the bad/toxic managers you've ever had to work with all working in leadership positions at the same company","You are actively encouraged to saddle individuals with banking products they don't need and if you are not cut-throat enough to sell a drowning man even more debt your other talents will not be appreciated. Aside from that, HR is a complete mess and will not help you with actually bad things (I.e. harassment) and turnover is high because all the wrong people are promoted (but hey, at least they can open 12 different checking accounts for the same person, not everyone can pull blood from a stone). I did learn a lot in a short amount of time but that's really only because I'm self-motivated and a quick-learner; in my first year, my manager ran through literally 4 different new hires because: 1) they personally were very difficult to work for 2) had very high expectations and 3) wanted to put absolutely NO effort into helping to train the new people. I know there are a few good managers that work for this bank, but honestly do yourself a favor and go into this job either knowing you're in it only for the resume experience or that you're okay with being an over glorified ATM that's expected to try to sell a credit card to every person you talk to in a given day. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Pennington, NJ","September 22, 2021","1.0"
"Not The Best Place To Work","Unattainable goals and not a great culture. Lunch breaks can be really short and expect to work on weekends. Unreasonable sales goals & unreasonable metrics. ","Floating Banker","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","September 21, 2021","4.0"
"Ok","Ok place, good culture, poor pay, bad management. Would go back for better pay and maybe different role. Teller lead role is underpaid and underappreciated. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Towson, MD","September 18, 2021","3.0"
"Great ppl , great staff ","I like how biracial it is, the customer are nice. Management is ' so so' you may. Get some nice higher ups every now and again. The branch I worked for was great Bc we were like a family, never felt like work. The pay is ok for a bank but I should be paid at LEAST 1.00 above my rate due to all the work that Bankers must do , pay = 18.00 ph with bonus if You meet your goals but only if you meet the goals set for you. Benefits are ok I won't complain. Vacation is good. ","Retail Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 18, 2021","4.0"
"Stressful and pressure to make sales","Stressful and pressure to make sales over giving the kind of service customers actually want. Terrible salary for someone with a bachelor's degree and in one of the highest cost of living areas in the nation. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","September 17, 2021","2.0"
"Negative energy","I am a former employee at PC I worked at the Charlestown Road New Albany, IN 47150 location. I was there for a few months and the negativity was enough for me. I was ready to leave after the first month. The women that worked there never smiled and were just down right miserable. The tellers and the management. I don't believe anyone there actually like to help people at all. They took the call blocking very serious. They used it as a second lunch break. You could clearly see them on Facebook or doing online shopping. They would make people wait until they were fully ready to do their job. ","Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","September 15, 2021","2.0"
"Just ok","Some days are slow some days are non stop customers from opening to closing. There's times when you are the only teller on duty leaving you with a lobby and drive thru lanes piling up with angry customers.","Teller","Current Employee","Media, PA","September 14, 2021","3.0"
"Fun place to work with the right people","Excellent work atmosphere. High sales pressure despite the Wells Fargo scandal. Work hours for management were outrageous, with often six days a week. Mandatory conference calls when sales goals were not met on any day.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","September 13, 2021","3.0"
"Many late night and horrible work/life balance","For the TIS (IT) side of the business it's the worst company I've worked for. Too many meetings to get any work done, every team is too silo'd, horrible bureaucracy and processes that make 15 minute jobs take days for approvals with late night changes, and every IT team is very under-staffed for the amount of work needed.","VMware VDI Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","September 12, 2021","2.0"
"Loved this bank","I worked for this bank 4 years! I loved working for them, they just do not have much of a good work/life balance. Well they do have vacation time but you have to work a certain amount of time to achieve it when you first start working for them. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 11, 2021","5.0"
"Jobs are stressful and the wrong people are praised","Like most jobs, it's quantity over quality. The faster you work, the more praise you get. In my experience, files were pushed through without all the necessary requirements because it's more important to make goal than be correct. If you are a person that takes pride in your work and follows procedure, you are looked at as uncooperative with most parties due to the fact that you won't just move the incomplete file on. Files came to the department I worked in as incomplete and rushed, this caused a lot of stress and re-schedules, and caused me to have to put other work aside for the rushes, only for it not to be able to be finalized. This to me was very frustrating, because it was a waste of time to review the rush file and caused my previous work to become rushed since it was pushed back to accommodate other rush files. Those that fly through their files and have high numbers are praised even if the work is not up to par. Pay is not competitive with other banks, even though this bank is the fifth largest bank, they still refuse to offer a decent pay, especially for the amount of stress the job causes. this bank prides themselves on inclusion and diversity but I did not feel or see that while working here. In my experience, trying to move around in the company is a hassle. I tried to get off the team I was on several times, applying for different positions and was always told they are on a hiring freeze. The only positive I can say is the remote work. Other than that be prepared to be stressed out, over worked and underpaid.","Loan Closing Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2021","2.0"
"I loved working there. ","Everything was a learning experience and I miss the team. I learned a lot of things working for the company and Meg plenty of different ppl. I had a lot of work to do throughout the day, and I enjoyed it. ","Mail and Data Processing Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 9, 2021","5.0"
"low pay","In this role low pay good benefits. Typical day at work sitting at your desk the entire time. Competing for available work with co workers work to make numbers. Quality of work is irrelevant just speed.","Loan Closing Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 9, 2021","2.0"
"Overall good workplace but management and scheduling improvements needed...","With this bank work life balance, it's important to understand each branch is different according to the manager. Some managers understand that work is work and there is some form of life outside of this bank so they'll stick to the 8 - 5 schedule; however, others do not. There is a lot of scheduling outside of typical 8-5 hours, for example rotating every other Friday until 6:15pm and then Saturdays quarterly. I can count on more hands than two the times I've had to stay late, come in early, or be sent to another branch over 25+ minutes away to help out at a moment's notice just in two months time. These requests disrupt the work-life balance because you basically cannot expect to get to any other commitment (daycare, appointment, etc) on time once you leave the office because you won't leave the office on time. Honestly, if we could get out the door according to schedule, the work-life balance would be great. When it comes to compensation/benefits, there's a lot of murkiness. You're asked to train two to four people and pick up slack in a short staffed branch because you've done such an outstanding job in your current role, but come annual review time your raise will not even be enough to make a noticeable difference. They will keep piling the additional responsibilities on to you but not compensate you for it. I believe my pay check's taxes for one pay period was more than my most recent raise for the whole entire year. This seems a little confusing as usually commended performance is compensated fairly and a 'Meets or Exceeds Expectations' rating should be a valid defense for at leastÂ -Â more...","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","September 8, 2021","2.0"
"Culture and system issues","The brand and the management are lacking badly. I was promised things that never panned out. The management is more interested in conference calls and their own compensation.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Illinois","September 8, 2021","3.0"
"Former Employee","The company was not bad overall, it was more so the management that was there at the time. The employees themselves were great and really helped each other succeed. Management did not always recognize or value their employees.","CSR Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","September 8, 2021","3.0"
"Draining ","The job is very draining and the success stories on advancement are lies when you look up and see you still in same dept years later. The pay is nice but not worth the mental stress","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Florida","September 8, 2021","3.0"
"Productive and great workplace","It was good definitely comes with a bunch of pros to it than cons. They are very flexible in case an emergency happens or right after a certain life event .","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","September 4, 2021","4.0"
"The worst bank to work for","I worked here for less than 3 months. Management is terrible, with little to no support and they expect you to train, hit your goals, and do daily outbound calls all in 1-2 months and show numbers or else they threaten your job security. Mind you training takes up almost 1.5 months and most of your day. Pay is acceptable but it doesn't go up much from there and you're subject to only a few other career options within the company.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Township of Warren, NJ","September 3, 2021","1.0"
"Boring and unchallenging workplace ","I worked for this bank for almost two years and had three different positions (and seven different bosses) during my tenure. The work was customer service-based and extremely boring when it wasn't soul crushing. The underwriter job posting was also extremely misleading and I was severely underpaid. ","Senior Underwriter","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 2, 2021","2.0"
"Innovative bank, customer focused.","Customer focused bank, technology is up to date and always improving.If you work diligently and stay focused on the customer you can advance in your career path.","Banker","Former Employee","Warren, NJ","September 1, 2021","5.0"
"Conducive to work at","I will like to work for this company for as long as I am able to work.My schedule is suitable, work environment conducive and team mates cooperative.Management maybe on your head at times but it's normal though.","Oracle Database Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2021","5.0"
"Productive job, sense of accomplishment ","Work holidays, management not always helpful depends who you get. Stuck to desk , very limited on bathroom breaks etc outside scheduled breaks. Short lunch. Limited growth unless management likes you. ","CSRII credit card services","Former Employee","Remote","September 1, 2021","3.0"
"benefits","advancement can be limited in certain product lines. Management does try to make inclusive and work/life balance is considered important. Health benefits are good.","Account Executive","Former Employee","Indiana","August 31, 2021","4.0"
"Great opportunities for advancement in a very inclusive and diverse work environment "," this bank pays well and advances employees very quickly. Benefits are good. Work life balance is a bit of a struggle though. They try to make it a priority but then a project comes along and deadlines need to be met. All in all they are a great company to work for.","Infrastructure Engineer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 25, 2021","4.0"
"Benefits, promotions, raises","Great place to work, great promotion, raises are great, awards, coaching positive feed back , great schedules, nice management great workers, best quality of life ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Springfield, IL","August 24, 2021","5.0"
"Great place to start working for your first job","Enjoyed working in the wealth management development program. There was a great month long training in their head quarters and then you get placed in an office. I would work there again, but it just wasn't for my career goals. ","Fiduciary Analyst","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 24, 2021","4.0"
"Great Company, Great Comp and Benefits, Strong Leadership"," this bank is a company that takes the time to think through an approach, cares about their employees, and tries to make the best possible decisions. This is a great place to build your career, work with a diverse set of people, and feel supporting across multiple aspects of your life. Parental leave policy is top notch, career paths are there.","Human Resource Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2021","5.0"
"Was a great company pre-covid","After covid hit, they've taken away all incentives and bonus for hitting your financial goals, but the goals increased. You now have to work 6 days a week to make 40 hours. And with the whole world going through a financial crisis they're pushing sell, sell, sell and It feels very scummy.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","August 23, 2021","3.0"
"A lot of changes ","Took away incentives and stuck me with a fix salary that was way less than I was making with my incentives a lot of stress when covid came about you pretty much wa fed to the wolves with the work load . And force to take calls from other departments . ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","August 22, 2021","5.0"
"Very sad I joined","I joined this bank out of compulsion. Though they talk about vision and value. It is all about this bank and their benefits. They don't care about their customers or their employees. very shallow and self centered company. at least that is what I faced working at Morrow Ga Facility. Nor company Nor their employees are friendly. They mean business but how they work on it is amazing. Team Sucks, Team Playing is 3 out 10. They are ready to throw you under the bus any day anytime. Privacy of customers or employee is not protected by any means. Employees talking to customers or other employees about account or customer info in the lobby or in drive thru is open and loud in the branch. other can hear and know lot of personal info about other clients and finances and funds or situation thru out the lobby. Not sure weather your private info is protected at all. Anyway I m glad to be out of there.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Morrow, GA","August 22, 2021","2.0"
"Great place to work and gain experience in the banking field","It was a great location and the job was nice with great life and work balance.The job is not hard and it requires to have a solid understanding of what is customer service as that is your main responsibility.","Teller","Former Employee","Florida","August 22, 2021","3.0"
"Overall would highly recommend! "," this bank as a whole is a very great company to work for. It does have a sales culture, but management is very good at training you to perform in your role. It has taught me tricks of the trade that I value and have carried out to other business ventures. ","customer Service","Former Employee","Cheboygan, MI","August 20, 2021","5.0"
"Inclusion and Great Management","Great management; if you show that you are of value and contribute to your team then management will ensure you are having the best work life possible","Crew Member","Current Employee","Maryland","August 19, 2021","5.0"
"Good short term option","From when I started, to when I left, almost every employee was looking for a new job, applying to different positions, or just actually leaving. The turn over is unlike anything I've ever seen. The workplace is extremely toxic and it is soul killing. I will say that this position may be okay short term, but working here any longer than that is not a good choice. ","Consumer Lending Services Default","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 19, 2021","3.0"
"productive workplace","typical mortgage calls, learned new skills, culture is very rewarding, hardest part of the job....there isn't one. its an easy job, you're home which is the best ","Mortgage Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 19, 2021","5.0"
"Not the Bank for career moves","Every morning, I'd wake up and dread coming to work when I was an RRT. You never know which branch you'd go to for the day. Sales goals were attainable, but it is a 'what have you done for me lately' environment so things did not matter from yesterday. Not much in terms of PTO, lower side of 401(k) employer match, and even worse pay. Bonus structure was alright, but if you don't hit a specific threshold, then you could forget about any bonus. Immediate Branch Management was ok, they picked favorites, but would not really play favoritism. Upper Management is trash and would not care if you got hit by a car, just as long as you hit your goals to so they could pack their bank accounts. Covid made things worse branch employees, no raises, and if we had symptoms we were forced to use our own time to stay home, which is not really fair. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Cedar Grove, NJ","August 18, 2021","2.0"
"Opportunities for advancement are great, Pay... not so much. "," this bank is an okay company to work for. If you are looking to learn the basics of banking, it is a good place to start. However, the upper management shows little regard for employees well-being. 401k match is 4 percent which is nice. 3 weeks vacation time and 5 sick day per year plus federal holidays off. That being said, the hourly wage at this bank is lower than most every other bank. Minimum wage here is $15.00 an hour VS the competitors starting at $18.00. The commission structure for the bankers is difficult to understand and does not pay out well even when exceeding goals. They took away commission opportunities for tellers which has negatively impacted the moral. Also, this bank likes to change their technology frequently which is stressful for the employees. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Kalamazoo County, MI","August 18, 2021","1.0"
"Very stressful job with terrible schedule","Typical day at work will be answering calls and talking with a lot of irate customer. Some of them are very rude and use profanity. The job is very stressful and underpaid. The hardest part is when you need help or you have escalation on the line, no one will help you even your manager.","CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT REPRESENTATIVE this bank","Current Employee","Remote","August 16, 2021","3.0"
"workplace culture","I loved my Job in Recovery. But the bank decided that we needed to collect on any account in recovery. So they gave us old Home loans that were charged off for years. this bank gave us one hour training to learn a new system to collect the payments on. The system wasn't communicating correctly with other systems. We were also dealing with lawyers calling in asking about these accounts. So it was a big mess. We were put on live calls fumbling our way through trying to please the customers and lawyers calling in. We were advised to take messages and someone would call them back with the information you are requesting or an answer to your question. No one called them back so we would get another call from the lawyer or customer fuming as no one has gotten back with them. Horrible stressful work environment. After dealing with this mess I left the bank after working there for 13 years. We got paid incentive for the dollars we collected on but if you were doing your job correctly and helping customers. You were on the bottom of collection $$ because you spent your day dealing with calls. It was pitting all employees against each other and not helpful to any this bank customer. Best thing I did was leave the company.","Recovery Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 16, 2021","2.0"
"Sucks working here ","Poor pay for so much workManagement needs to be trained ,terrible management Micro managedNeed to replace with new and proper efficient management Bathroom time is micro managed Hostile environmentCompensation sucks ","Lockbox Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","August 14, 2021","1.0"
"Bad working experience","Poor everything regarding management and pay. Management is poor and CEO don't care. Send a note to Corporate and no response of working environment. I worked here for sixteen years.","Lockbox Clerk","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","August 14, 2021","1.0"
"Good Company","They are accommodating and encourage growth. PTO was nice. Bank holidays. Worked in branch and then transferred to remote and it was like working for a different company as far as HR things go. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","August 12, 2021","4.0"
"Management was horrible","I would never repeat my experience there again. Management was horrible and the stress placed on the employee is real bad. They will threaten you if you don't do as they say.","Private Client Group","Former Employee","Freehold, NJ","August 11, 2021","3.0"
"Poor management. ","Untrustworthy management and coworkers. Poor leadership. Very little training. Low pay in comparison for industry. Unrealistic sales goals. No corporation from branch. ","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Ashland, OH","August 11, 2021","3.0"
"You will never get a raise and your job is never safe","The title sums it up- don't expect a raise and don't ever assume that your position is safe. I was there for two years and was considered an expert on every one of our complex processes, yet I still was not deemed eligible for a merit increase due to the impossible QR standards. A few months later, 30% of my department's processes were automated, leaving a great deal less work to spread around. Rather than look to diversify the department's workload to other projects and tasks, the department was downsized one person at a time. The incapable, shady management does not care about their employees. Do not work here. ","Overdraft Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 10, 2021","1.0"
"Front Line Workers Get No Recognition "," Meetings that are really focus on the manager and bankers meeting there goals, never any conversations that help build teller engagement. Yet tellers get the bad end of the stick with incentives being taking away and being short staff they make it seem like we are not doing our jobs because we cant have the conversations the way they would like us to, do to long lines and customers being impatience. Management is very contradicting when it come to your schedule and vacation time approval. No one is promise tomorrow yet the end of the year. Yet that want you to give them yo vacation time by end of January like year hasn't even started for time to see what's going on in spring, winter, and fall to enjoy. When you try to ask to rearrange things because of an event you may want to take time off for it's an issue. I can say the only thing I will take from this employment is the finical education I have gain and has help me out a lot in my personal life to learn and understand how money works in different ways.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 9, 2021","1.0"
" this bank Doesn't Care","Really high metrics to meet.Team Leads and mentors don't know answers or care to find out.Team Leads and Mentors constantly changing and 'going on vacation' during periods when you need them most.You have to train your body to use the bathroom during your breaks or you'll get yelled at.Handle time and adherence is shoved down your throat, they don't take any excuses for whatever reason for not meeting these metrics.Get used to being on the phone CONSTANTLY, there is no time to breath, you will hate being on the phone after this job.","Customer Care Center Representative","Current Employee","Remote","August 9, 2021","1.0"
"Even pay, lack of career growth.","Even pay, lack of career growth. Employed since 2018. Handled pandemic fairly while still keeping employees at work. Not much room to grow a career at this time.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 9, 2021","4.0"
"Just don't apply","If you value career advancement, a healthy work life balance and a safe environment during a global pandemic this is not the company for you. The company is solely out for themselves no benefit at all to the frontline employees ","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 8, 2021","1.0"
"Great work environment "," this bank is a wonderful place to work. They care about all of their employees and clients on the same level. The team that they have around you is more of a family environment making it a joy to work. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 8, 2021","5.0"
"It is ok","The CEO is political which I think is unprofessional. He states his opinion as fact even though he is wrong. My direct supervisor is awesome and makes the job bearable. The sales compensation is pretty good which is one of the few perks you can enjoy if you can handle the sales pressure that is. ","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Tucson, AZ","August 6, 2021","1.0"
"Family oriented company","I love this bank. Even thought this bank is a big financial institution, the company is still very family oriented. The company still care for the employees and employees quality life. this bank is a safe and secure place to work. I truly love my this bank!! ","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Palisades Park, NJ","August 6, 2021","5.0"
"Work Environment"," this bank provides an inclusive and exciting work environment. They offer many opportunities for growth within the company. They do not pay fair wages for their hardest and most loyal workers. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","August 5, 2021","3.0"
"an ok place to work"," this bank has multiple places you can be. right now in my position as a universal branch banker. I deal with different cliental, with different situation but it is still a same each day every day. everyone will tell you that its a different thing each day, that is untrue. I work six days a week every week since I have been hired at this new position. I have to completely block out dates to get those days off or even get a two day weekend, when I have been told it would only be like that two to three weeks out of the month. promises here at this bank are rarely kept. expectations are too high on lower employees, but it's a great place to work when your a single mother or a newly graduated out of high school. pay is good for the moment but its really nothing you can live on these days comfortably. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Bridgeton, MO","August 5, 2021","3.0"
"Good Company","Good inclusive company to work for. Plenty of room for economic mobility if you apply yourself. Lots of diversity and inclusions groups available to join","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 4, 2021","5.0"
"Great place to work","It's a great place to work. Great benefits. One of few companies to still offer a pension. If you're willing to put in the work, your bonuses can be significant.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","August 4, 2021","5.0"
"Okay Place to Work"," this bank is very sales oriented. Management differs from location but its the higher management that brings down the stress onto the employees. The system is very old as well (not user friendly and do not be surprised when it crashes). Be ready to make outbound calls to the same people over and over again to sell them credit cards, checking accounts, etc. and most do not reply. this bank has pretty good benefits but not the best out there. There are some good workers there but there are others that are bad like in other places. Pay for the work is low in my opinion. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Virginia","August 3, 2021","3.0"
"Not known in texas","It was a good effort by middle management but the goals were unattainable due to lack of communication , underwriting was not on same page as employees , cannot meet goals with UW delays ","Market Manager AVP","Former Employee","Texas City, TX","August 3, 2021","3.0"
"Fine atmosphere but retail banking is severely underpaid ","As a Financial Sales Consultant I was very under compensated and the tellers were even more under paid. Huge company so easily lost in the woodwork. I worked with some good people there and they provided training but overall you are not appreciated.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 3, 2021","3.0"
"run","training is far and near tbh. management is all new and not capable of training new hires. HR request are even slower. The center are all lacking business so it is impossible to learn and grown ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 3, 2021","1.0"
"Average","It is a decent job overall. Not particularly easy or hard, but the training for my role was very thorough. Volume and frequent policy changes can be challenging. Loan processing software not very user friendly. Good work/life balance with remote hours. Would have stayed longer but it was time to move on.","Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2021","3.0"
"too big"," this bank has gotten too big. The culture is pleasant. The benefits are good, but the compensation is bad. this bank seems more dedicated to being social justice warriors than it is to its employees. ","Compliance Program Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 1, 2021","3.0"
"This is not a fun place to work, you cannot make a mistake. ","You are processing Retirement plans a person's future is in your control. Their is no room for error. I did not enjoy working there. If you are new, you get assigned the most difficult plans to work on because the experienced people will not work on those plans.","Benefit Analyst/Record-keeper","Former Employee","Richmond, VA","July 31, 2021","2.0"
"Extremely depressing, impossible quotas to meet","This position is VERY sales oriented. At no point in the recruitment process was I informed that this position would be so sales focused. 65% of customers are awful, the rest are fine or they are old and mentally unstable and you never know how they will treat you. Systems are E X T R E M E L Y outdated and very hard to get a hang of. Upper management are all disingenuous corporate robots on a race to the top. Products are mediocre and it is not in the customer's best interest to use any of them, yet you have to keep peddling them. Be prepared to make outbound calls to current customers, most of which will not answer nor will they be interested in speaking to you if they do answer. There is no culture here. The hardest part of the job is dealing with the horrible customers, and having to move extremely quickly for them on your awful system in order to keep them happy. (They will be angry regardless). The only enjoyable part of this job is speaking with normal customers and meeting new people, but after the abundance of negative experiences I've had I've learned to walk on eggshells with the customers.","Banker","Current Employee","North East, PA","July 30, 2021","2.0"
"Work from home opportunities ","After covid hit it is now work from home which was a plus. Job is stressful dealing with people upset a lot wish there was more time off the phone. Breaks are nice and vacation and maternity leave","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2021","4.0"
"Just OK","It is a solid place to work for those just starting out, it can be tense as there are layoffs that occur semi-regularly, other than that its pleasant to work there day to day.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 28, 2021","3.0"
"Solid bank with poor leadership at the local level","Well respected bank where you can learn a lot. They recently acquired bank B so in theory that should create more opportunity for advancement. The problem is that it's difficult to advance even as a top performer unless you get into the right circles. Some play the internal networking game better than others and are able to advance their careers without merit","Branch Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 27, 2021","2.0"
"Good job for people in different seasons","This was a great entry level job to get your foot in the door. However it is production based and schedules differ. Part time was great for someone finishing school, wanted time home with kids, or riding out until or during retirement. Really enjoyed this department and the people but unfortunately our remote location was laid off but many were able to find new jobs within the company. Looks like they may be opening positions after letting us go which is unsettling to see but good position if you're interested.","Lockbox Processor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 27, 2021","4.0"
"Co workers are awesome but job is ok","Love the people I work with. We try to make the best of each day but sometimes you just can't enjoy it. Bank is old and charge so many fees to their customers.","Teller II","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 25, 2021","3.0"
"The bad. Senior management .","Senior management only concerned about the bottom line. They treat employees as a cost item and had no problem cutting whole departments to improve EPS. I did very little while I was there. Most days I was in my office looking for busy work until the end of the day. ","Senior Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","July 25, 2021","2.0"
"Stressful","The job is very demanding, with large asks of employees on weekly deadlines. The work is performance based (lots of metrics used to gauge performance), so any mishaps can be very discouraging.","AML Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","July 24, 2021","3.0"
"Branch support hotline specialist ","I have worked at this bank within different position but this by far is the most challenging. It a a very strict call center environment with calls non-stop which means bathroom breaks are limited to two 15 minutes and only a 30 minute lunch. As stressful as this position is due to branch employees rude outbursts more is needed. Vacation time is given but VERY hard to accommodate as you only get what's available per the vacation schedule for the entire department. ","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","July 23, 2021","4.0"
"Love the people I work with ","The only thing truly keeping me is the people I work with. There are great benefits like 401k match and pension, we used to get referral incentives but those have been taken away, it made making referrals fun and exciting because it was something to work for.","Teller Full Time","Current Employee","Michigan","July 22, 2021","4.0"
"Stressful","Very stressful, back to back phone calls, and working weekends. I could not handle the high stress call center environment and I had to resign. Two years working there and I could not take it anymore.","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","July 21, 2021","5.0"
"Just No.","Management picks favorites and runs with that. Forget about advancement. Toxic work environment. This place was the reason I quit banking altogether and would never go back.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Cary, NC 27513","July 21, 2021","2.0"
"Very good place to work","I have enjoyed working here for the most part. I have had great managers and have had a lot of room to grow. I have heard many people talk about the management but I have never had a bad experience. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 20, 2021","4.0"
"After working there over 12 years, I was let go after a medical disability leave.","Wonderful experience the first ten years working there. Then my management changed. The next boss was nonexistent as a manager; never treated me kindly or fairly. Then my job was 'eliminated' and I found an opening in another department. That department was not a good fit and had a different culture than what I was used to. I then had a medical condition arise quite suddenly, and was on LTD for a while. After being released, I was given a specific amount of time to find another internal position - at the ONSET of Covid spreading all over the country. There were no internal jobs posted for my experience level or office position, so I was let go after the number of days allotted for me to obtain a new job. I once loved working there, was proud of my employer and worked my butt off on many nights & weekends to meet deadlines, I had fantastic bosses (except the last one) and was very disappointed at not being able to continue my employment. Other than that, good company.","Several Positions","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 20, 2021","3.0"
"Its alright","If you want a personal life don't work at a branch in a grocery store. the hours are long and short lunches. Im still considered new but Im already looking to move to a different branch","Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","July 19, 2021","4.0"
"-0- work/life balance","Senior management says one thing and does another. Too much pressure to achieve goals causing employees to become product pushers- much the same as Wells Fargo. Constantly changing focus and directions and extremely structured environment- turning employees into product pushing robots. Mandatory 6 day work week for all- absolutely no work life balance. Regional Manager was inexperienced in managing and was unethical. ","Vice President of Sales","Former Employee","Kane County, IL","July 19, 2021","1.0"
"Reliable income but management can't be trusted","My job was fine, no complaints about day to day, but when it came time to be considered for any kind of promotions, management will be sneaky and do outside hires. A position opened in my branch that I expressed interest in multiple times to my branch manager. No job posting was listed and he continuously told me that he would keep an eye on it for me. A couple weeks later, a new girl from another company somehow got the job when it was still never posted. I did not stay long after that. ","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Cary, NC","July 17, 2021","3.0"
"No","Job is an okay starter position be prepared to have to kiss butt to actually make it within the company. If you are looking to stay stagnant for a while by all mean work here","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Saint Louis County, MO","July 16, 2021","1.0"
"Corporate ","Very pushy on sales but nice people I would work here again if I was ever interested in working in banking again opposed to other banks very up to date and modern .","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Farmington Hills, MI","July 16, 2021","2.0"
"great work life balance.","the way this bank handle the pandemic showed that they care for their employees. As banking needs continue change as well as the economy, it's good to work for a bank that is always trying to stay ahead of the curve.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","July 13, 2021","5.0"
"We are like one big family","I work with a great group of people, we get along well like we are family. when you fist start you get three weeks vacation, all of the major holidays off, plus paid time off.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 12, 2021","5.0"
"Low pay, lacks motivation ","The pay is very low for the amount of work you're expected to do. Walmart and Burger King pays more so that should be a red flag. Also, the bank has this survey system which is barbaric in rating its employees. That is, if you get a 9 out of 10 you're an under-performing employee. It is extremely demotivating and addressing it with management is practically useless. You're basically told you need to get over it. My experience there wasn't a good one. The daily stress isn't worth the lack of compensation and the lack of motivation and purpose doesn't make it much better. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 11, 2021","2.0"
"Awesome place to grow"," this bank is an awesome place to work and grow,I have learned so many different areas in the financial business. The management really cares for you and your success ","Online Banking Representative Tier II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 9, 2021","5.0"
"Pay not worth it ","Overall was an okay experience , pressure was too real here . Managers did not know how to communicate and most of time scolded employees who weren't performing. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","July 9, 2021","3.0"
"Fast paced work ","This is a good place to work as long as you don't mind a fast paced work environment. You just have to learn how to keep your productivity up with good quality you have a chance to earn bonus money. ","Lockbox Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 8, 2021","4.0"
"A hot mess"," this bank does not know how to manage their size and their volume of business. Since before I started there has been mandatory OT and application dates that are months old leaving us with highly upset customers and rushing to clean up the mess all the while using the phrase 'business as usual'. Upper management comes up with 'fixes' but has no idea what the day to day role is and continue to make the job increasingly more difficult. Before I started someone that did not work for this bank said they heard it was a sweat shop and honestly that is a good description. OT is mandatory and the only way to possibly meet management demands. Good for the paycheck, but for quality of life. this bank also recently made the change that employees can roll over 3 vacation days. After two years, employees previously could buy an additional week of vacation but with the 3 day rollover, employees now only have the option to buy 2 days, reducing the number of days employees can take off each year.","Loan Processing Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 7, 2021","2.0"
"Average","Very 'corporate'. Being a bank, you get the bank holidays off, but everything else is very dry and very bland corporate atmosphere. Huge push for employees to go back in office even for positions that require no face to face interaction.","Account Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2021","3.0"
"A Job","It was a job and that is about it. Management was overly stressed. Bankers had very high unattainable goals. Constantly feeling pressured to make a sale even if it is not what is best for the customer. Typical day would be morning meeting at 8:15am. This was semi nice discussing what would occur for the day and everyone would say a goal for the day also. Then go to my desk and log in to my systems/ check emails. Wait for customers to come in to provide service or lobby engage by standing in the lobby and directing customers to either a teller, banker, or manager. While at your desk you are expected to document each interaction as well as have one sales conversation. This company is only good to work for if you are extremely money driven.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Penn Hills, PA","July 6, 2021","3.0"
"Underdog:)","This work was indirect work. Meaning that a company I worked for had a contract for maintenance three to four days a week. Therefore, in accordance with that work the questions pertain to. Not directed toward this bank completely.","Maintenance Worker","Former Employee","Cheboygan County, MI","July 4, 2021","4.0"
"Fun place to work","I worked as a teller. The work/life balance was amazing. I loved i could go home and not have to worry about my job. The training is in depth and make sure you are comfortable before you start in a branch.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Butler, PA","July 3, 2021","5.0"
"Terrible benefits. Good work life balance","Great work life balance if not in operationsTerrible benefits regarding health planBelow average compensation No raise for most promotions 1% average raises per year ","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 2, 2021","3.0"
"Good if you need a job but all they care about is sales goals etc.","Training is terrible. It doesn't prepare you for what happens in a daily environment. Management (depending on who you have) can be helpful or not if their not focused on their own problems. The only thing that saved me from not running around with my head cut off was previous banking experience. Turnover rate is high because the environment is toxic.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","July 1, 2021","2.0"
"Poor training ","Crammed info into your head and expected you to retain it. Put on the phones prematurely without enough prior access to the systems used everyday. Typical call center metrics and coaching. Very regimented. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","July 1, 2021","2.0"
"Had a positive experience working at this bank","The majority of management were friendly a cared about their employees in the Check Processing department. I worked there 20 years ago. Would go back now!","check processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2021","4.0"
"Competitive","The work is not bad. The good: They provide good training and good benefits. I enjoyed helping my customers and recommending products that best fit their needs. Job work balance was good. The bad: Very stressful. Competitive to the point of cutthroat as bankers job is measured by their metrics on how many products they sell in a quarter. This creates a less than desirable work culture in which you have to watch your back at every turn. I had some of my work 'stolen' by a coworker and my manager assigned my leads to her, she was my senior. Lunch is 30 minutes and you may have a 10 minute break if it's not too busy. Lots of negativity and fake people. HR sucks and will not help you if you place a complaint. Unfortunately, it was too much for me and I happily quit. The job itself was a great experience. The people I worked with, not so much. Good health benefits, low wages, stressful.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","June 30, 2021","3.0"
"Different Shifts","Dose not provide life work balance. And would prefer younger workers over experienced seasoned trained employees. Don't appreciate the older workers and don't advance them.","Fraud Analyst I","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 30, 2021","3.0"
" this bank - company to avoid","run by out of touch people and completely run from india. Not interested in diversity, the find your own seat area is a horrible working conditions in the tech tower, the hostility is overwhelming.","Program Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2021","1.0"
"Poor upper management ","Company doesn't seem to look out for customers, more about selling and making money, Not what is best for the customer in front of you at the moment. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 30, 2021","1.0"
"Make this place temporary","If you need a stepping stone then this job is for you. Each year the benefits are decreasing for the amount of work that you do. This company is a revolving door, therefore they are always under-staffed at their call center. If you work outside of the call center you are learning on your own and hope you get it right. They leave a lot of employees in the dark. ","BANK OPERATIONS SERVICE SR","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 30, 2021","1.0"
"Interesting Experience ","I enjoyed my time at this bank. But, I was under a lot of pressure a lot of the time due to their customer surveys.. if you got a bad review, you were made to feel pretty crummy about it. Also, my regional manager was very intimidating. I do miss my days at this bank from time to time, but I'm glad to be gone. ","Teller","Former Employee","Margate City, NJ","June 28, 2021","3.0"
"Good opportunity to learn basic banking ","Working on the phones was stressful since it's not organized. A lot of managers don't give you an opportunity to succeed. Pay is good and always opportunity to work extra hours ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 26, 2021","5.0"
"A life of busy work","A typical day at work: Log in. Join MS Teams. Engage in work/life related banter all day. Each person handles their assigned tasks. Skype Meetings. Log out. Repeat the next day.What you learned: * I learned that Midwest culture in the work place is very NOT diverse. * When working remotely, the best way to feel like you are a part of the this bank family, is to go into a local branch and build relations with them. At least then you won't feel so apart.Management: Like anywhere, some are good, some are bad. Probably the worse part is the deluge of paperwork and processes that change weekly. Its like work for the sake of work. Whenever someone comes up with a procedure, they just make a new rule and even if that impacts some other process, so what.","Vice President","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 26, 2021","4.0"
"Overworked and Underpaid","I strongly recommend not working on the retail end. The sales goals are unreal and unrealistic and the pay out is terrible. You have to do so much selling and only to get a few hundred dollars of pay out, which is only quarterly. Most of the branches close at 6, so that means you work 8:30am-6pm most days. They also don't pay you anything, no matter the experience you have. At most you will make $42K if you go into a branch as a banker and you have to fight tooth and nail for that. Turnover is extremely high. It's also hard to get days off, and don't even think about asking for a Friday or Monday off. It will be very hard to get, and they will give you the biggest guilt trip if you want either day off. Overall, unless you just really need a job, do not work at this bank on the retail side. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 25, 2021","1.0"
"Productive!","Nice workplace, fun people, not stressful at all! The work is easy, the people are fun and so are your clients most days. Like any job, you will have weird days with difficult ppl but overall, its decent!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 24, 2021","4.0"
"Laid back ","Laid back, work from home. Management is helpful. Never a dull moment when speaking to customers in regards to their money. Overall good company to work with. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 24, 2021","3.0"
"Had a lot of issues while i was there ","Never enough staff to handle clients, little help behind the teller line and management often only cared about sales goals. My management would also consistently tell me 'I should just know things' without having to be told or informed how to do them. Despite the fact that on the teller line the management did not know how to do the functions either. Overall a rough experience made harder by Covid-19. ","Teller","Former Employee","Naples, FL","June 23, 2021","3.0"
"A lot of work that needs to be done.","Stressful job. 6 day work weeks 90% of the time, which means no work life balance. Kids? Oh well. School? Oh well. Manager would write employees up for being 3 minutes late. Manager would write you up for almost anything. Unrealistic goal expectations. Be prepared to be lectured every 5 mins about why you're not meeting your numbers. Constant micromanagement and badgering. Benefits are really good, but that's about it. Loved my co workers as well. Management is a joke. Don't expect to make any money unless you go above and beyond every quarter. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Hoffman Estates, IL","June 23, 2021","2.0"
"Great company ","I really enjoyed working for this bank. If it wasn't for the fact that I was part time and ended up needing full time I would have stayed! Really fun job though. ","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","June 23, 2021","5.0"
"Great company","They really care for the customers and employees. They have great work life balance and makes sure you take your PTO. During covid They really made sure the employees were safe and taken care of.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 23, 2021","5.0"
"Poor and constant management turnover. New regionals didn't even know the basic functions of the roles they managed. ","Poor and constant management turnover. New regionals didn't even know the basic functions of the roles they managed. Compensation plan consistently changed once goals were reached. Percentage of pay taken for unexplained reasons with no recourse. Worst decision to work for this bank, hopefully only a regional problem but too large not to notice nationally. Don't try to suggest a process change or improvement, even if it only helps others. They only want people to be robots and have no compassion for employees. Keep you head in the sand and you will go far!!","Retail Sales","Former Employee","North Carolina","June 22, 2021","1.0"
"Excellent","Great company, would recommend working here amazing awesome best place awesome amazing best place excellent best ever great people amazing best awesome ","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2021","5.0"
"Great Benefits ","Great place to work, lots of opportunities for career advancement. It does feel that upper management cares about their employees and each year there are improvements made within company.","Escalations Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","June 22, 2021","4.0"
"Productive workplace","Company has great benefits and pay, you must be a busy bee and make sure you are meeting goals and sales if you want to succeed. Fun place to build clients relationships and room for growth ","Branch Retail Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Joliet, IL","June 22, 2021","4.0"
"Fun work place","Good pay, I enjoyed my time at this bank, it was a bit micro managed at times . I handled large volume of calls, flexible pto and great benefits. I would recommend working at this bank ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 21, 2021","5.0"
"They try to come off as 'different' but they are just like ever other bank","Working for this bank is inconsistent , they treat some branches much better then others . For example the branches in more impoverished areas have far less technology and the branches aren't as kept up as the more wealthy areas. Working for this bank is like working for any other bank. It has its ups and downs . Your overall enjoyment while with the company varies depending on the manager. One of the major drawbacks for working for this company is how they draw you in because of there status as one of the largest banks in the country but at the end of the day they pay like a small town credit union. Most employees with children have to work part time jobs to make ends meet because this bank refuse to accommodate financially according to the times . Just like any other major financial institution you can go from being the top of the company in sales one month to literally getting fired the next. They are very strict on how they want things done , even if you have a different way that works for you they want it done 'there way'. Overall this company is a bunch of malarkey and filled with false promises . They are just like every other bank . Actually who am i kidding they are worse then other banks . Others banks close between 4:30-5pm this bank decided to close at 6 pm but yet and still they post on the digital screens in branches about promoting a work to life balance . How can you say you promote a work to life balance when I'm leaving my bank job at 6:45 at night. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","June 19, 2021","3.0"
"Nothing Special","Typical big corporation environment. Nothing special. Pay and benefits are average. Not a bad place to work, but not a great place either. I always had the sense that there has to be something better out there.","Operations Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2021","3.0"
"Initial experience was positive; work culture and management style and support of employees changed 180 degrees in the 20+ years I worked there.","A typical day at work is filled with stress, emphasis on productivity and statistics and a general lack of support for employees. I learned quite a lot about financial services through my own accomplishments and desire to be learn. Management most recently was very unsupportive and exclusionary, especially with respect to individual employee special needs and medical conditions. Oftentimes, I found management to be disregarding, with a negative attitude regarding my experience and my advanced educational level (M.Ed.. + Ph.D. program ABD).at times, it seemed that jealously and a desire to be secretive regarding management's motives and actions was definitely part of the work culture. Openness of management is talked about, but not truly part of the work experience especially in recent years. The most enjoyable part of the job was the (limited) ability to interact with other employees that became my friends and supports. The hardest part of the job was the negativity, unattainable productivity emphasis, lack of openness and truthfulness,and lack of support from the management team, particularly in the area where I worked prior to leaving my position.","Quality Assurance Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 16, 2021","1.0"
" this bank does not like to give raises to its employees"," this bank has amazing benefits and paid time off. However, don't get your heart set on raises of anything more than an extra $0.25/hr.They just want you to do more and more with no extra compensation.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2021","3.0"
"Development","I currently been in a bba position one year now and passed my yearly review on no corrective actions and I applied for a title I recently had before this position at another bank but her with this bank full time banker I passed the assessment and also talk to the recruiter about salary rate I am now on my fourth manager in a year and keep getting the run around for the position mind you I have 2 years experience as a personal banker prior to the role im in now I applied two months ago had a interview with a manager who left within two months just had a 2nd interview with the manager now who been here a month and I keep getting told we have to pick the best fit for the role I keep getting talk to like I'm inexperienced mean while we lost four employees and I am currently taking on task that aren't in my role I'm not getting paid for it vault custodian I have been a team player but for some reason I am being held back in advancement ! I feel I'm not valued here at this company or location I reach out to upper management with my concern and didn't get no help ","Branch Banker Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2021","1.0"
"Pay","Bonuses based off of performance regardless of being out of work. They aren't caring about employees but offer jobs to new people it's signing bonuses. Being told sorry it's business sucks ","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Delaware","June 13, 2021","3.0"
"stressful place to work for","Maybe is just this branch in Pompano. Management is always late for work and we are late 5 minutes or less, we got warned. the morale of this branch is underground, no one is happy, everybody feels miserable. Maybe is just the branch because this bank has fairly good benefits.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","June 10, 2021","2.0"
"It could be worse ","Pay and benefit are good. Very short staffed. They pay well it is a very busy branch. Can be a fun place to work depends on the day. I like some of the programs they have to get extra HSA money. ","Teller","Current Employee","Tiffin, OH","June 9, 2021","3.0"
"Good Work Life Balance. Terrible Pay","Good place for work life balance, but pay is terrible. Even if you move up to another job level if you are in the salary range you will just be doing more work for no more money. A place to stay if you don't need a big raise or care about career advancement. ","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 7, 2021","2.0"
"Ehhhhh"," this bank is geared to micromanaging their employees. If goals are not met, you are put on what they call 'PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT.' Think twice before applying. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","June 7, 2021","1.0"
"Nice employees but very stressful job with no training to learn the job. ","Pay is not worth the stressNo training to learn the jobNo help to learn. Nice employees High expectations to meet incentiveLots of online virtual classes which is only training they give you they does not actually teach you how to do your job. ","Personal Banker and Teller","Current Employee","Lockport, IL","June 5, 2021","2.0"
"Branch Banker - Pressure Overload/Miserable"," this bank loves to underpay & overwork you. Long hours (if you have family or doctor appointments, or other commitments - they are not privy to accommodating very much & if they do it's always an issue) - they preach work life balance but will be micro aggressive with you when you use your time. Workplace culture is toxic, managers are so stressed out & dump so much pressure onto employees & bankers & it makes for an overall miserable experience. Pay is horrid, only good if you're a single individual - not good for a living wage especially considering cost of living in NJ.Most enjoyable part of the job was going home.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","June 4, 2021","2.0"
"Fun place to work but also depends on branch ","Being a Universal Banker was a juggle for sure, I had positive influences around me but I feel like I fell in the cracks for sure. Every day was different and stressful in its own unique way.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Universal Banker","Bloomington, IL","June 3, 2021","4.0"
"Mortgage Loan Officer","I worked for this bank for nearly 10 years. My time at this bank was miserable. Expectations changed regularly and goals were unattainable. The only thing this bank executives truly care about is their image. Employees are treated like cattle and policies are abusive.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 2, 2021","1.0"
"Stressful ","Very stressful and demanding place to work. It does not matter how long you have been with the company. They have no loyalty to their employees. Always under-staffed. ","Teller","Former Employee","Hackettstown, NJ","June 2, 2021","1.0"
"Usual Large Corporate IT Environment","Not about to bash this bank, as they pay me decently well and I work from home in rather stress-free position. But it's not overly fulfilling work and often times I don't feel like we have a clear vision of what we're doing. Seems like every few weeks/months we're jumping on the latest and greatest technology or idea. Also, it takes an act of God to get anything done. So much red tape it's ridiculous. And, as a developer, I find it very hard to get my job done when the security measures on my laptop block me from accessing websites and running software I need to perform every day job task. Plus, this bank's commitment to left-wing politics and taking every opportunity to shove it in my face is not super appealing to me. ","Technology Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","June 1, 2021","3.0"
"Employees ","The group of employees I worked with were excellent. Everyone worked as a team to reach our goals. Management was great in the branch I worked at. Always pushed us to better ourselves. When there was an issue we always worked together to work thru it or make everyone comfortable. If employees were struggling they took the time to help you strive and found what you were strong at. ","Universal Branch Specialist","Former Employee","Bloomington, IL","May 31, 2021","4.0"
"Worst job ever","I was a Business Banking Specialist, and worked here 4 years. This was hands down the most stressful miserable job I've ever worked. The customers were never the issue. It was the people you work with, they have no sense of employee appreciation, and the managers show favoritism to some, and bully the others. ","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 29, 2021","1.0"
"Don't do it..","PROS: PTO, sick days, personal day, health benefits, 401k match.CONS: Everything else. Terrible hours (in store location), under-staffed, no OT, overworked, unrealistic goals, clueless staff 95% of the time. EXTREMELY HIGH TURNOVER.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","May 28, 2021","1.0"
"Was a very good company to work for. Excellent benefit package. ","I enjoyed each day coming to work. I learned many things over the years. The hardest part of the job was the constant customer facing duties with no help from the last manager. She chose to close her door and only do clerical work and did not help manage the customer flow or take any customer appointments. The previous manager, he was a team player and helped all his employees manage customer flow open accounts whatever he needed to do. The newer manager has now lost almost all the previous employees due to her mismanagement and causing issues due to confidentiality with each employee. She chooses to speak about one employee to another and keeps drama going instead of being a team manager she tears the team apart. ","Branch Sales and Service","Former Employee","Portsmouth OH","May 28, 2021","4.0"
"Not bad","Stressful and always under pressure to hit numbers even when we are under-staffed. If you don't mind that, then its not such a bad place to work. Raises and room for advancement after a year. ","Teller","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","May 27, 2021","3.0"
"Worst place to work forâ€¦","Unless you love selling credit cards and get pennies in exchange, don't apply to this company. You can do better with your life. You will be pressured to sell, overworked and underpaid. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","May 27, 2021","1.0"
"Great Corporate Job","Great company culture, management support is outstanding, great training program (paid), offer PT/FT options, opportunities to move up quickly within the company. ","Customer Care Representative","Current Employee","Remote","May 25, 2021","4.0"
"Green place to work for","great company to work for and to be a part of. good culture, learn a lot and not of hard work. all of your work will be seen at the end and you can see that it was useful.","Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 24, 2021","5.0"
"Great job","This job comes with great training, great benefits, flexibility in scheduling, amazing paid vacation, health benefits, 401k matching, overall this job is wonderful! I think I got pretty lucky with my manager, cant speak for all of them, but she has been great! ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 24, 2021","4.0"
"It's a job","I've been working at this bank for a year and a half and I will say they have very good benefits but they're a few things that need work. They claim you can advance after 6 months but that's not true because even if you're doing well with metric goals and you apply for another position and you accept it then a day later you get an email that they went with someone else. This has happened more than one occasion even with coworkers. The systems are so slow. Also the pay is very low for the verbal and emotional abuse you experience from customers daily. I have a good manager that doesn't micromanage but a lot of managers do and stress goals ","Online Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","May 21, 2021","3.0"
"Excellent company to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. Lots of opportunities for growth, strong focus on career development. The management team is great and gives you opportunity to grow and develop within the company ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 18, 2021","5.0"
"Just an 'eh' place to work.","Decent benefits for a financial institution but that's really the only good. Management is so out of touch with reality and is very old school, job does not offer good work/life balance and still has the mentality of 'if you're not in an office then you're not doing work'. ","Change Management Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 18, 2021","3.0"
"Okay place to work ","If you aren't not meeting all of your goals be prepared to be talked to on the regular about it.They say they care about you but in reality what they really care about most is your numbers.If you don't have any a stressful job this is not the job for you. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 18, 2021","3.0"
"You can never do enough. ","Notice a trend in all the reviews. You can't ever do enough. You are micromanaged at ever level. OT is required and the norm. If you take a day off you must make up the overtime unless you take off 5 consecutive days. Upper management is completely disconnected. It's basically a white collar factory job and they literally call it production for a reason. Lots of turnover and for good reasons!!","AML Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 16, 2021","2.0"
"Typical job in Banking","I learned a lot about banking. They provided classes and many other educational tools to learn how to better do my job. This was a good job that showed both the sales and service sides to banking. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Georgia","May 16, 2021","3.0"
"Overworked and underpaid !! ","Stay away !!! No work life balance AT ALL ! Upper management cares about sales and numbers and absolutely nothing else ! Micromanagement at its worse and for very low pay. ","Banker","Former Employee","Ashburn, VA","May 14, 2021","1.0"
"Don't work here.","I know of over ten people in my small little branch and the surrounding branches who left this bank to go work for KeyBank for good reason. Advancement is almost impossible. Management is TERRIBLE because the nepotism is blatant. The anti-robbery practices of 'lobby engagement' are useless and customers DO NOT like someone coming at them with an iPad when all they want to do is see a teller or banker. Most of my time at my branch, we had either no manager, no teller lead, or a bad manager and a bad teller lead. We were always under-staffed. Lunch breaks weren't guaranteed, but you also get in trouble for eating behind the counter. Who cares about your health, right? Anyone with any sort of management position is a snob and thinks they can talk down to you because they're slightly less underpaid to deal with all of this than you are. Seriously don't work here. They're gonna phase out tellers anyway.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Twinsburg, OH","May 14, 2021","3.0"
"Great coworkers, not so great upper management ","The culture is great at this bank. The pay not so much. Started off entry level, so low pay was expected. But as time went on and I exceeded my sales goals, the raises didn't come. Then trying to move up to become an MLO or any other position was met with resistance. No support. They want to keep you in same role.","Banker","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","May 14, 2021","4.0"
"We work as a team and this bank works with their employees to rpo.ote work/life balance.","I love working at this bank. THEY HAVE BEEN VERY Accommodating to me. I am a part time employee who had some heal the issues and HR worked with me to make sure I had the time I needed.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 12, 2021","5.0"
"Okay company but bad job","I worked as a customer representative but when I applied I didn't know it was for cold calling, it didn't have that in the description. The job was collecting debt for this bank loans and it's a pretty decent job if you have thick skin. The customers are rude most of the time and treat you like you're not a person. Most managers are understanding of the situation, but collecting debt was just not something I could get into. wasn't getting paid enough to be treated like trash on a daily basis. ","Customer Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 12, 2021","4.0"
"Good and bad","See the ratings. Not really much to say that hasn't been already said. I think there's a lot of good and bad and you have to decide on what you want is best for you. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","May 10, 2021","3.0"
"Just an okay/good Retail Job","You must really like sales to enjoy this job, hard to move up in company unless you want to move to Pennsylvania or just want to become an assistant branch manager or branch manager.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","May 9, 2021","3.0"
"Overworked and under-staffed, but benefits for part timers are pretty nice","I work with a good strong team, we get along like family in the branch and my supervisor and manager are both so understanding and supportive and they're honestly a big part of the reason I'm still there. this bank offers no help when we're short staffed due to vacations or illnesses, however, they're very quick to pull from the branch when it benefits someone else. We're considered full staff, but struggle completing required daily/ weekly/ monthly tasks because we're too busy. We're expected to get good surveys, but its hard when customers have to wait in line for long periods of time due to lack of staff and also because this bank expects us to push sales and not rush to get the lines down. Loyalty to the company means nothing, doesn't matter how long you've been with the company, the new people coming in end up making the same as you or more","Teller","Current Employee","Ohio","May 9, 2021","3.0"
"Good benefits package, supportive management at branch","As a teller, you are expected to be able to process many complicated transactions while adhering to policies and procedures to minimize risk. That's the easy part. What's hard is the pace. The work is essentially non-stop, and you are constantly being pushed to make referrals to bankers and other internal partners to make sales.","Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","May 8, 2021","4.0"
"Teller","I love this bank but the place I was working for made feel less of a person they tried to change the way I dressed the way my hair look they tried to buy me clothes I felt so ashamed of my self Into the point I felt like I was not enough and not liked in that place","Teller","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","May 8, 2021","1.0"
"Friendly staff","under-staffed in the smaller branches puts a strain on tellers, and also results in low customers surveys due to long wait times, which doesn't make management happy ","Teller","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","May 6, 2021","3.0"
"Terrible leadership and it comes from the top down.","You absolutely will not get your loans closed. (On the secondary platform). The only loans you are able to get done are through retail. (HELOCs etc) Commission is terrible and you get penalized for everything. Processing and closing departments are the worst.","Supervising Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 5, 2021","2.0"
"Work hard and be rewarded with team ventures for fun like bowling","My day was always busy and steady. I would take my breaks and lunch but stay on site most of the time. Once in a while as team we would go out for lunch as staff. ","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","GATE PARKWAY JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32256","May 3, 2021","5.0"
"Great resume starter. ","Great for young people wanting to put their foot in the financial industry's door. Work-home life balance is excellent, and many paid days off if you're full time.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Prince Frederick, MD","May 1, 2021","4.0"
"Great benefits but very stressful","Expect to work 6 days a week. Lunch breaks get cut short due to staffing issues. No work-life balance. Being micro-managed all the time. You'll have your manager on your ear pushing you to sell a credit card while talking to a customer over the phone ","Banker","Former Employee","Hoffman Estates, IL","April 29, 2021","2.0"
" this bank is a good company to work for","I worked in the First Side center mail room. I enjoyed delivering the mail most day. Compensation was decent for what the job was. The advancement within the company could be better but it makes sense as it is. ","Mail Associate","Former Employee","500 First Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2021","5.0"
"Good company to work","good benefits, and people.If you are asking about compensation/salary, I think they pay depending on your ability. (at least for sales position). very flexible, and MY manager is awesome, but idk about others.I think it is a great company for women.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","April 28, 2021","4.0"
"Pay is decent but never get raises!","I have been a Teller for 4 Year and was making pennies more than a new hire coming in. Had to threaten to leave to another establishment to get a $0.50 raise. And getting help is like pulling teeth. ","Teller","Current Employee","Ohio","April 28, 2021","3.0"
"Good Pay - High Sales Pressure"," this bank pays well, especially for someone with only a high school degree. My career lasted for 8 years, started as a part time teller and ended as a Service and Sales Rep, towards the end of my time, cold calling 100 min. people a week was the rule in order to make sales appointments. High Stress in sales as I'm sure it is at any bank, service was the best part of the job, you really are able to help people reach goals and that feels good. Lots of room for advancement, many co workers moved on to higher titles, 2 weeks paid vacation, 6 paid sick days, and paid holidays. Branch management was great but it really just depends on the type of person you have as manager. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Harrison, MI","April 27, 2021","4.0"
"Great Culture and Benefits","Have worked many positions and had great mentors along the way. this bank is a well run organization and aren't afraid to try something new. Expanding nationally and well positioned. Work environment has been enjoyable and teams work well together.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 26, 2021","5.0"
"All depends on the branch","My branch was okay. My coworkers were amazing and my manager genuinely cared. It's all upper management. Corporate doesn't care about you. Pay could be a lot better considering how much you have to put up with. Customers can be very very rude. Expected to meet a call per day and sales quota when they under-staff every branch. Great job if you're okay with small yearly pay increases and small quarterly bonuses if you can sell. Benefit package is actually impressive with a company match 401K, pension, and investment account. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Fishers, IN","April 25, 2021","4.0"
"Modern day slave labor ","The pay is terrible and with that they expect you to kill you're self daily to keep up with the numbers also there is mandatory overtime on weeks when there is a holiday but you where already off a day that week so you are forced to stay and make your hourly rate. ","Detection And Investigation Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 25, 2021","1.0"
"Straight forward job duties","Unreasonable checking account and loan goals. Every year diminishing compensation for all compensation (checking savings loans investments merchant services and advisor referrals both consumer and business). They took a lot away from financial sales people. Took away ability for the position to deal with affluent customers even if the customer still wanted to deal with us they were not allowed to bc they had a single person they wanted to handle them. High turnover rates high stress because of unreasonable goals.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Closter, NJ","April 24, 2021","2.0"
"AML Operations is a no","AML roles at this bank have such potential, but consistently grinding employees into the ground with overtime (no extra pay given) and unrealistic goals has made the work environment unbearable. ","QA Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 24, 2021","3.0"
"High stress","Banking is a very stressful job. Cold calls are the worst. You are required to do a lot. They are increasing banker numbers so bonuses will be even harder to earn. I'm sure that's on purpose.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","April 24, 2021","4.0"
"bad management, inconsistency, ","this department basically went down hill after new management and got worse when COVID happened. favoritism at its finest! inconsistency & DRAMA. supervisors and upper management only cared about them selves!! job would be excellent for entry level into the work industry or someone who have a few years left to retire. no advancement & don't go into the job thinking them people is your friend!","Lockbox Processor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 23, 2021","3.0"
"Ok if you don't mind back to back calls","On the phone all day. Sometimes management was t the greatest. They often refused escalation calls and we were forced to deal with upset people. Pay was decent. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Middleburg, FL","April 22, 2021","4.0"
"Underpaid and overworked","You will not be compensated equally, you will be overworked, and stressed over sales push! It is not a service industry but a total sales environment. You have to make cold calls to people and you will feel like you work in a call center. Staffing is a big issue regularly and that should tell you a lot. Benefits are at an average level. I could not take it any longer and had to quit due to covid. ","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Maryland","April 22, 2021","1.0"
"Management is not organized or helpful","My branch manager is an AMAZING manager. Regional manager is TERRIBLE. Management never wants to hire anyone. They push you off until the last minute. They will say anything to shut you up. They give you 2-3 weeks paid vacation that you can never use because they won't find anyone to cover you to leave. They preach that you should help the customer, but are only concerned about number. The pay and your coworkers are the only thing that make you stay. Its just not worth it anymore. ","Teller","Current Employee","North Carolina","April 22, 2021","1.0"
"Ok place ","Pay is good. But the way they micromanage your every move is disappointing . Certain sense of being better then others by a few in upper management. Training isn't enough.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","April 22, 2021","3.0"
"This company genuinely appreciate there employees ","I was let go from my previous job due to COVID. BUT where doors CLOSE others open. This is THE BEST JOB I HAVE EVER HAD. I LOVE this bank I would recommend this job to everyone. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","New Braunfels, TX","April 22, 2021","5.0"
"Good ","It's very comfortable and they work with you. Benefits are good. Started as a part timer but was offered full-time within the first three days. Good point","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Kearny, NJ","April 21, 2021","4.0"
"Overall, great company","Great company, always room to grow your career. Management has always treated me with respect. this bank has great health benefits and additional perks and benefits with other companies. ","Credit Card Fraud Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2021","5.0"
"Not great ","The training for this job wasn't good at all. Almost two years later and I don't know everything. They are starting to nit pick about everything these days. Pay is too low for what we have to deal with daily.","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2021","2.0"
"Poor Work Life Balance","Poor training and work life balance. Direct management is great, but Sr. Management expects the impossible. Systems are out of date and many glitches, bugs.","Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 19, 2021","3.0"
"Good Work Life Balance"," this bank is a decent place to work. There are many people who have been there for years and it can occasionally be difficult to drive change. The effectiveness of management and your personal career development are dependent on your department. ","Compliance Program Specialist Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 16, 2021","4.0"
"Okay company ","It's a lot of different things that's could be better within the company. It's like any other job you gone have the good and the bad. The thing is just learn while your here and better your everyday work skills. Be true to yourself and customers so that you can be the best you. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Clinton, MD","April 15, 2021","2.0"
"Good work life balance ","Good company to work for good work life balance. Management listens to your opinions. Great benefits just would like more opportunity to more up within my career passion.","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Remote","April 12, 2021","3.0"
"Great pay but unethical company","I personally would not recommend working in the Birmingham area. The management is awful, the training is ever lasting and who would extend hours during a pandemic? They will reel you and spit you back out as fast as you came in. I did not feel welcomed at all upon employment with this company. I would generally go to work depressed and leave depressed. Please do not expect to make friends, everyone is for themselves. ","Part time teller","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","April 11, 2021","1.0"
"Fun place to work ","Loved my team and Customs. It was easy to work as I had a great team and I loved my customer's. Plus it was close to my home. Which made it good for me","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Palm Coast, FL","April 9, 2021","5.0"
"Great for those starting a career","As a branch operations specialist at a universal branch it was a pain. My manager often did not want to assist with anything so I was mainly running the branch. I was working long days and often received overtime. The compensation wasn't worth it","Branch Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","April 8, 2021","3.0"
"Good People","Huge Company that sometimes has a small company feel due to the great people. Great place to grow a career at the lower levels. The bureaucracy and never-ending meetings to get things done can sometimes be frustrating. ","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2021","4.0"
"Alright","Work life balance sucks pay is alright but should get paid more. The managers are alright. The company needs to give everyone a shot at moving into a position they want.","Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 6, 2021","3.0"
"Low Motivation","Depends highly on the location you are in but if in a low traffic branch the days will drag on and much of the enjoyment of the job is from relationships with coworkers","Teller","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","April 5, 2021","4.0"
"Great hours, great pay. ","I am more of an on my own employee. I hit every goal, every time, but was very overlooked. I felt mistreated but kept it to myself. All in all, have thick skin and it's a great job.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","April 5, 2021","3.0"
"Smoke & Mirrors ","My experience may be a bit different because I started during a pandemic and was treated fairly but the circumstances set me up for failure in the long run. I didn't have the best management but my team was amazing. Once the branch fell below their little red line, you really started to see you were a number, a worker bee (nicely putting it). Management would become intentionally intimidating and even threatening, implying our jobs were at stake. The morale of my particular branch became so intense and toxic that myself and two others (out of 4 bankers) left. The hours at my location were 8-6 and Saturday's 9-2 and it made my work life balance almost unbearable. My time there was definitely rewarding as far as what I learned and will be able to build from but extremely difficult and hard to please upper management. They will run you ragged and expect the impossible all while putting on a smile wondering why you feel the way you do. This is a great position for someone starting out but I would do my time and go. this bank sells you sunshine and rainbows only to give you extreme stress and expectations that are almost impossible for even the most experienced banker to achieve. Pay was decent, hours are not good if you are looking for work life and family balance. My team of coworkers were the best but management definitely needs a ton of work. ","Branch Banker II","Former Employee","Alabama","March 31, 2021","2.0"
"Productive and fun workplace ","Laid back job with good compensation. Easy to balance work and family. Management was great and understanding. Hours were decent. Easy to get time off","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 30, 2021","5.0"
"Poor management ","Poor management, years of service does not mean anything, you are just a number. Branch was not adequately staffed. You may be the only one on teller line working, no one else even in the lobby. Very unsafe management would take 2 - 3 hours for lunch to get nails done, pedicure, teeth whitened, or hair done. No structure. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Gastonia, NC","March 28, 2021","1.0"
"Stay away from AML Dept","No work life balance. Sr. management is doing a terrible job of getting a handle on the workflow, retaining talented, productive workers who are producing quality work. Complaints to HR are a waste of time. Very little chance of career advancement unless you are located near the Pittsburgh headquarters. Other departments might be better, but I'm only referring to the AML Dept.. Goals are very difficult to achieve as the bar is set so high. Very little to no praise for doing good work. Management doesn't take an interest in your personal well being. No camaraderie among team or should I say there are cliques.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","North Carolina","March 25, 2021","1.0"
"It's ok ","It's an ok place to work. There is room for growth. The hours are not to great. It's a mixed culture. Working downtown can be expensive because of parking ","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 25, 2021","3.0"
"Great company. Some politics.","Love the company. Middle managers not so much. Great benefits, top management tries hard to do the right thing. A lot of middle managers leave a lot to be desired.","Assistant Vice President/Audit Senior Information Technology","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2021","5.0"
"Love it","9 years, love my coworkers and job. Very team oriented and treats employees well. Great benefits and time off. Love my bankers hours and holidays!!!!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","March 24, 2021","5.0"
"Teller","Wonderful place to work! Great benefits and pay. Team friendly environment. Witnessed many people advance from the teller position. Sales goals are high is the only drawback. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Saginaw, MI","March 24, 2021","5.0"
"Not All Bad","It's a decent place to work to get your foot in the door to the financial world. Typical corporate bank that has heavy sales goals. They have decided to close my branch and have no place for me to go, so I was forced to resign","BBA","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 24, 2021","3.0"
"Decent learning environment and stepping stone"," this bank Business Credit was a fun group of young professionals particularly in the Field Exam group, but isn't a career that you'd want to remain in for very long (as many people try to advance after a year or two).","Field Examiner","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 23, 2021","4.0"
"Be Careful About Working Here","Overall, a stressful company to work for. They have an inclusive corporate company culture, however that does not necessarily translate at the local level sometimes. this bank has good retirement benefits, 401k and pension are matched, but that's it pretty much aside from that. High deductible healthcare plan, aggressive sales tactics. If you are not making enough in sales, they push you to do more. If you make their requested numbers in sales, they push you to do double. When","Part Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","March 22, 2021","1.0"
"No real advancement opportunities.","The harder you work and the more you succeed, the more they want to keep you where you are for the same pay rate. It's universal throughout the company. If you don't go into their weird management training program out of college you have no real shot at advancement here. Coming from a top performer in the Consumer Loans department for 4 years I can tell you, the ceiling is definitely not glass. Where they hire you is where they want to keep you. If that doesn't work for you, well, you're more than expendable to them.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2021","2.0"
"Interesting Workplace","The Benefits are great.They barely give raises.Tellers are forced to make sales but don't get compensation for the sales. Instead they add it to your salary.","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 21, 2021","3.0"
"Decent","I was with the company for a long time. From the beginning to the end was a dramatic change. When I started there was a great work life balance and you only worked 5 days a week with regular Saturdays off. At the end you worked every day, but Sunday and getting a Saturday off it was very difficult. You also had to schedule all vacation and PTO in January. So if you needed a last minute doctor appointment, or family conflict later in the year, you had to request to move your days around. Which, might not be approved if someone else requested it off. There was very little room for advancement, even with a decent turn over. Upper management expects tip-top sales. You need to be at the utmost top of the list and you need to harass customers constantly for more sales. You're expected to make a product recommendation to every customer every time. This wouldn't be so bad, except the same customers come in all the time. Eventually, they get really frustrated and annoyed and stop coming in. Then, you're expected to make sales calls and stay late to call customers and ask them to come in for appointments, even to the point of harassment. A system generated list appears and you must contact everyone on the list, even you just called them two weeks ago. ","Teller","Former Employee","Cambridge, OH","March 20, 2021","3.0"
"Decent Job","Its working a bank. lots of customer service, so if thats your thing, then this is the job for you. the other thing you may not be told or realize is this bank requires you to be a salesperson. They will play it off like they are helping customers, but they just reward people who churn out numbers. credit cards, loans. The idea is to get as many as possible. if you don't meet your goals because your clientele is declined repeatedly or can't afford loans and credit card debt, it isn't taken into consideration. Just the results are. It is a good company to work for. fantastic benefits. just very sales oriented and that isn't stressed during the hiring process. ","teller","Current Employee","Beavercreek, OH","March 19, 2021","3.0"
"Not a lot of advancement","Although there are plenty of opportunities within the company it is harder for some positions to move up without starting all over with that positions base pay. If you need a manager for a customer forget it. They are very busy all the time you would most likely have to let them know they will receive a call back. Makes unhappy customers even more frustrated.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Virtual","March 17, 2021","2.0"
"inclusive work environment with supportive management"," this bank is all about work, life, balance. They value your work ethic and challenge you to do better everyday so you can advance and achieve your goals. They offer competitive pay rates and a great benefits package including 401k matching and generous PTO with paid holidays. With that being said, they do expect you to earn those benefits. There are sales goals to meet and that can be challenging with the other tasks you are expected to complete throughout the day (Such as answering the phone, balancing a drawer, holding appointments, & various office tasks). Ensuring the customer's financial wellbeing is sound is their main focus and some customers do not wish to listen when you offer the advice or product. Must be able to take the criticism that customers may give in a professional manner.","Teller","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, PA","March 17, 2021","5.0"
"Great work/life balance but the pay isn't the greatest","Great company to work for. Great department and team members but they pay is not the greatest. Worked for the company for over 5 years and embarrassed to say how much I made annually. Great benefits and work from home opportunities which is always great. The CEO is great and they try to maintain an inclusive culture. Management in my department was great but I can't speak for other departments. It just comes down to the pay which really sucks (at least for my department). Oh, they also offer tuition reimbursement and training/certifications such as six sigma which you can take with you if you ever leave. ","HR","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 17, 2021","3.0"
"Depends on your manager","Depends on the manager, but not all bad. I hated the push sales culture.if you like sales it's the place for you. If you don't than you should move on.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 16, 2021","4.0"
"Low pay","Low pay for a lot of work that they want you to do and getting promoted is super hard. You have to kiss a lot of behinds to even be considered not hired ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 13, 2021","3.0"
"not a good place to work","not a fun place to work at. bad management. superiors do not care about you at all. Can't wait to get out at this point. Limited opportunity to change departments and even if you do, it takes months to complete the process. While waiting to move, you'll likely be burned out","Banker","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","March 13, 2021","1.0"
"It was a job","It's an ok company, very difficult to advance within. The pay is average but you are micromanaged everyday on this job and treated like you are in high school.","Detection and investigation analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 13, 2021","3.0"
"AML full of aggressively mediocre racists","No matter how well you perform, if mgt doesn't like you, they will 'manage you out of this bank' as management calls it. During Black History Month 2019, received an email for an improvement meeting titled Make AML Great Again. I think that says it all.","AML Detection and Investigations Associate II","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","March 12, 2021","1.0"
"Horrible Place To Work","Management will not back operations. Loan Officers have senior management wrapped around their fingers. Don't waste your time or experience with this company.","Mortgage Operation Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 11, 2021","1.0"
"Work","Great opportunity enjoy the work here.. a lot of growth opportunities and like he's passing up good call center jobs where he can work from home making 14 or 15 for this job ","Banker","Current Employee","Utah","March 10, 2021","4.0"
"Average","If you like talking to people and helping reset their passwords, or get fees reward by all means apply for this company. But if you do not like talking to people that are not willing to help themselves you will not like this jobs.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Macon, GA","March 10, 2021","2.0"
"Good customer service experience ","Overall it was a good customer service experience, but it is still retail. Location of the branch may vary the reviews. Location I was at was often very busy, half the customers were rude, and some of my coworkers would openly talk about politics and talk negatively about social issues in the workplace which I always found to be unprofessional and uncomfortable. At the same time, coworkers were helpful and knowledgeable. Training team was nice and manager did all she could to help me progress. If you don't want to stay in retail or customer service, stay away. Time off worked on a seniority basis, didn't matter if you put it in months ahead. If someone who's worked at the location longer than you, they get to choose PTO before you. Have to work weekends. this bank was amazing with COVID pay on the other hand. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Withamsville, OH","March 10, 2021","3.0"
"Productive, Fun depends on your TL, Busy ","I do not feel the same about this bank. As I use to. 1. The biggest reason is *No Merit Increase* you want to work a person in three different departments, and No increase. You can do that to others, that may say *Well okay I will accept that* but others will not accept it. I have been through a couple of Acquisitions, with former companies, and my pay actually went up! Not stay the same! No, at this bank. This year there is no pay increase* seems it fell right in line with the Acquisition that just happened. 2. I was on a Team that had no morale. Some had no drive to want to have fun, the TL did not push fun, was dry, and really did not do much. Was behind the scenes hiding, only gave recognition to whom she knew the longest. Some Agents had terrible attitudes, but this could have came from the energy from the TL. 3. The OLD systems we work off of are horrible, too many steps to do anything, this bank took too long to get innovative with their systems *and you have ridiculous Merits to meet* QA is not consistent, some TL's you have to pull teeth to get them to dispute a SET score, some TL's do not acknowledge each Agent for good work. 4. I did not want to go by the career reviews for this bank. But they sure were true. It also seems like greed toke over, and after the acquisition *it was we have to think about this bank pockets.* 5. Some Agents be like *At least you have a job* as if this bank is the only place to work. ","Customer Service and Support Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 5, 2021","3.0"
"I enjoy working for this bank. "," this bank is very flexible and works with me when needing time off. The work is easy and rewarding..I meet new people everyday..I am paid well for my job duties.","FT Teller","Current Employee","White Haven, PA","March 5, 2021","5.0"
"Great place to work and retire","I love everything about my job. I know exactly how I effect our clients and what role I play within our position. There are times where the team can get so busy that no one can assist you, but you have a nice window to complete your work.","Operations Analyst I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 4, 2021","4.0"
"Great pay, great benefits","The pay is great and the benefits are a definite plus. Fast pace environment, room for growth. Paid time off. ","Mortgage Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 3, 2021","4.0"
"Great Job","I really enjoyed working for this bank! Its a great company and their job work/Life balance is AWESOME. I recommend you work for this bank and make it a Career.","Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2021","5.0"
"Support and Resources","High call volume, helping customers with their financial inquiries and technical issues with this bank's app and website. Management is friendly and supportive. Workplace culture was good, everyone seems to be friendly and willing to help each other. The hardest part of the job was making customers happy when they are calling about fees, overdrafts, and disputes. The most enjoyable part of the job was making customers happy after you've helped solved their issue.","Customer Service Representative II","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","March 3, 2021","4.0"
"Good company"," this bank is a good company to work for. I get paid well and have never had any true issues. Make sure you are open to coaching because they really do love to coach people. ","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 2, 2021","5.0"
"Overall good","I previously worked in banking and loved it but this was totally different working from home. I felt like it was way too much information for you to know. They had recently took away tier 1 and tier 2 call handling and made it just us that knows all the information and it was tough. The pay was good but the amount of information was too much.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","February 25, 2021","4.0"
"It was ok but my anxiety flared up","Customer service dept was great. Once you get transferred to online banking, its terrible. The phone calls, the quota etc. Bonuses were nice! My 3rd supervisor was nice.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 24, 2021","2.0"
"Decent Place to work","This isn't a bad place to work, I Had a horrible manager that ruined everything for me, but the pay was good and they care about their employees. I didn't like that I had to do sales as a teller, made me not want to do the job anymore.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 23, 2021","4.0"
"Productive environment with managers who respect thoughtfully crafted new ideas"," this bank has a strong culture of recognizing innovation, and being a listening ear to new ideas. In my experience, especially early in my career, as long a new idea was carefully thought out, it would be listened to and potentially implemented. ","Private Banking Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 22, 2021","5.0"
"Great benefits ","Love all the benefits this bank has to offer from the health care benefits to PTO. Only thing I can say is working at the call center is mentally taxing and my hours aren't super great for family life. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","February 22, 2021","4.0"
"Most of your coworkers are good people and very knowledgeable","Good place to start a career. You will have to move on though as they do not compensate well. Upper management will tell you in order to get a raise you need a job offer for them to match. That will however be the biggest and possibly the only raise you get. They like to say they have great benefits but they are comparable and usually less than what's offered at other banks.","Treasury Management Commercial Card Technical Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 22, 2021","3.0"
"Only concerned about the bottom line. Employees are drones.","No chance of advancement if you aren't a minority. The culture is so 'inclusive' that there is no equal opportunity. Management is only interested in how much money you can turn. Customer service is based on what the customer has for investment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","February 22, 2021","2.0"
"High Stress, Low Pay","There is not a good work-life balance at this bank. I am constantly working through lunch breaks and past my scheduled shift. The workload and responsibilities of this role are not compensated on a fair basis. You will be expected to take on an excessive amount of work with little to no training. I have constantly been lied to regarding raises, workload, and career progression throughout my time with this bank. Managers are scheduled in meetings all day and are not supportive. Upper management has no idea what is actually going on for front-line employees, yet they are the ones that dictate the processes and systems we use. There is also a large disconnect among different internal departments with no departments wanting to claim ownership for work and other issues. This ultimately will fall back on my role to take care because we have the most contact with the customers. This requires us to work on issues and research solutions that we don't have the tools for, all on top of our normal workload. You will find yourself working well outside of the job description with little to no extra incentives with this bank. Fully expect to be lied to regarding pay progression, career progression, and workload when working for this bank. If you absolutely need a job it's fine but don't work more than the bare minimum and don't plan on making a career here. ","Loan Support Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2021","1.0"
"Good company to work for. Depending on what position you are in."," this bank as a company is good to work for. Be careful which position you chose. If your position involves sales be prepared for an overview of every move you make, Lots of cold calls (they don't consider it cold calling since they are clients but trust me they don't want the calls), and meetings everyday cutting into the time you need to make those calls. ","Banker","Current Employee","Ohio","February 21, 2021","3.0"
"Very Hostile Job Environment","This is not a good place to work. this bank Hires more managers/supervisory roles than actual workers but the managers do not support those reporting to them. If a manager feels threatened, they will do everything they can to make your life miserable while you are still in the department, but then still try to block you when posting out to another group. They claim they provide raises and bonuses but that doesn't really happen. The amount the company raises payroll deductions for health benefits each year does is more than the minimal 1 to 2% pay increase each year. So even though your gross pay goes up, your take home barely moves due to these increases. There are plenty more Financial Service Companies out there, I suggest you look somewhere else.","AML Risk specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2021","1.0"
"Great environment ","Wonderful benefits, one job I wish I was still at but the schedule was unrealistic for me at the time. B2B calls,metrics and all but room for growth,mgr helpful","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","February 19, 2021","5.0"
"Back to back phone calls and crunched on time","While the pay and benefits are decent and there is paid time off, the job itself is quite stressful with panicked and stressed out customers calling in, often with complex banking issues. Since going virtual, management seems to have no time and they treat you like a customer. When trying to help the customer, prioritizing a positive customer experience and ensuring first call resolution and financial well being will make it impossible to meet your stats, including average handle time and hold time. You only get 3 minutes daily to fill out paperwork and notes on customer accounts, otherwise are told to complete it with the customer on the line. You will get written up if they find you haven't put notes in the account, and its important to do so anyway for communication purposes, but they simply make it impossible to do. Co-workers from other departments often have good intentions but are limited on time trying to meet their own stats and so there is an underlying coldness that permeates interactions with one another. There are many positive aspects to this job including benefits and the way you can call in sick or schedule vacation is very independent, you don't need to tell your boss any personal details, just that you won't be in.You just call the call off line. The sent beautiful flowers to my brothers funeral when I had to call in to attend the funeral, which was incredibly caring. There are a lot of resources for a wide range of things, as long as you know where to look. Don't bother asking management though, they'll tell you to call HR and treat you like another customer.Â -Â more...","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 19, 2021","4.0"
"Great culture"," this bank has a great company culture. There is a good work life balance when compared to competitors, but that does mean the pay is less competitive. I enjoy working with my team and networking with other lines of business within the company. If pay would be better aligned with performance, I would be completely satisfied. ","Analyst","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 18, 2021","4.0"
"Good management good benefits ","I felt overworked there for such little pay! You would take about 70-90 calls a day and the breaks would be so short. It is an extremely stressful job. The health benefits was nice and my manager was nice but the job as a whole I wouldn't work there again. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 17, 2021","3.0"
"Okay","My experience has been stifled by the pandemic and underdeveloped leadership at my particular branch. Overall, it's a great company itself. I really feel as if they care as much as they can.","Financial Counselor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 17, 2021","3.0"
"No work/life balance","They are not family friendly at all, longer hours for branches means less time at home with your family, upper management cares more about money and how it will negatively impact the customers than how it will affect the employees.","customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Maryland","February 15, 2021","1.0"
"Tough job","The job is very difficult and stressful. Not for the faint of heart. Hardest part of the job is the customers and the number of phone calls. Would not recommend this place ","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 15, 2021","3.0"
"Inclusive Work Environment","Excellent and supportive trainers but not much support is offered after training - they have support departments, but they're not very helpful and mostly difficult to reach. When reaching out to Retail Support they forward an article for you to find your solution (which you're already required to do prior to contacting them). Basically, you learn more as you go...on your own. The pay is decent and time off benefits are good. ","Call Center","Current Employee","New Braunfels, TX","February 15, 2021","4.0"
"Youth focused","Experienced employees were marginalized and subtly forced out of the work environment Purposely removed from emails and meeting invitations. Loss of job was mentioned at least once a month ","Treasury Management Business Banking","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","February 15, 2021","1.0"
"Great company"," this bank makes you truly feel welcomed in your career. Excellent trying and benefits. Raises every 6 months as well as the potential to earn bonuses which is great","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Virginia","February 15, 2021","5.0"
"Headed in right direction. But expect Ohio salary, regardless of where you live","I would recommend this bank because from management down to the line, you can tell the company cares about people.However, they are a bank. Nickel-and-dime is what they do best. And salaries are no exception. Although I was able to negotiate a salary commensurate with where I live, I was never able to get a salary raise as the base salary for a big metro area like NYC or DC is far higher than the top earners in the Cleveland, Ohio/Pittsburgh PA market, where most of staff are based.The politics and diversity (lack there of) mimics the state of the nation. Expect nothing different there. The one thing I can say is that women are empowered at this bank and they are very much in leadership positions every where you look.Some areas adopt change and are forward thinking and adapt modern practices. Other areas or groups are stuck in mimicking older banks. There are enough of those pockets of teams that really slow down progress.","Vice President","Current Employee","Remote","February 14, 2021","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace.","Best part of job was interacting with clients, team members and management at a world class level, thanks to the trainers and all other support provided. ","Bank Ambassador","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","February 14, 2021","5.0"
"Good company, hard job","Decent pay and good benefits. Lots of angry customers, most of them you can't help. Management is good, and tries to be supportive but the organization is too big and the departments don't cooperate with each other. Be prepared to talk non-stop for 8 hours.","Customer Care Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2021","3.0"
"I really feel proud to work at this bank","Working at this bank is a great decision. Amazing benefits. Great 401 options. All the workers are great. They push sale a lot. When they close a branch they are very unprofessional. You are left wondering what is going to happen up until the end. If you work at this bank apply for a busy branch or plan on not being with them long. ","Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","February 13, 2021","4.0"
"Decent benefits","Where the incompetent and politically savvy succeed. They do offer decent benefits and benefit access platforms. Heard raises and bonuses were sub-par. Discretionary performance rewards and charitable giving lackluster. Outdated and bare-bones workplace technology due to ultra conservative risk-averse.","Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","February 8, 2021","3.0"
"The way employees go out of there way to educate co-workers on procedures, and policies. ","Great company to work for. Excellent service standards, and a 'Can do' attitude. No question ever goes unanswered, and our employees always offer clarity and peace of mind for our clients ","CUSTOMER SERVICE SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 8, 2021","4.0"
"Good support from all Managers to be productive and fun workplace with the team ethic.","Good support from all Managers to be productive and fun workplace with the team ethic. No sufficient specifications on the mainframe area oldest employees expecting miracles from new employees trying to make you feel bad instead giving you support to be more efficient and productive. this bank Need people to give them what they are missing in the mainframe world. Not too many people has mainframe experiences. ","Mainframe Developer","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 7, 2021","5.0"
"Typical day","Working at this bank can be a very rewarding but very stressful. I strongly believe each persons experience with this bank will depend on management and team dynamics in the branch. There are always more tasks to complete than there are hours in a day so teamwork is essential to stay on pace. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 5, 2021","3.0"
"Change is the only constant","They have a lot going on. Hard to keep up with all the changes. They are trying to be forward thinking but not everyone is on the same page. They need to work on getting something right before moving on to the next change and involve the right people in the design and decision processes. ","Project Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 4, 2021","4.0"
"Good place ","Good place to work, easy to get the job if you know someone that works there. Pay is good and benefits are good too. The hours suck but it's good and steady money. ","Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 4, 2021","3.0"
"Do Not Work Here ","Only lasted 2 months at this location before I was let go this was by far the most sales heavy job I've ever worked. They expect you to make a sale with every customer that comes in and you are cold calling customers during your down time that want nothing to do with you. Training was awful as instructors never actually showed you how to do anything. We were also consistently under-staffed during my time there so we always worked six days a week. You are consistently micromanaged by your manager and after every customer you are criticized for not making a sale and instead of coaching and training the manager would just tell me what I did wrong and would consistently talk bad behind employees backs. This is by far the worst place I've ever worked and I would highly recommend staying away. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Bolingbrook, IL","February 3, 2021","1.0"
"Best bank I have worked at ","This is really an excellent bank to work for. Extremely supportive at every aspect - employees are encouraged to grow and this is backed by a very structured development programs that relates to the different positions within the bank. Amazing Diversity & Inclusion program as well with local and national EBRG chapters in addition to regional councils to ensure our activities within our communities are perfectly in line with our values as an organization. The leadership truly believes in improving financial literacy and demonstrates it through many philanthropic efforts across the US. During the pandemic, while every bank was reducing cost, this bank invested by creating an entire division within the commercial bank dedicated to organizational financial wellness. Base pay I would say is very fair and bonuses have both a set and discretionary component. Very good health plan benefits with HSA, 401k and Pension. Overall, this is the best bank I've worked for and I plan to be here until I retire. ","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","Florida","February 3, 2021","5.0"
"Not good","Not good, sakes, not valued, need improvement, doesn't care about employees, care only about the money, make you perform more than one job function and ","Representative","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 31, 2021","1.0"
"Meet great people","8 years. But happy I left. Traveling downtown is to much. Let people work from home. Management can be strange. Moving up became difficult. Recruiters are to involved with decision making. ","Operations Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 31, 2021","3.0"
"Fake work life balance","This place promotes work life balance but doesn't actually allow employees to have a life outside of work. Management expects employees to work almost every weekend and most nights. Also, it is impossible to get any actual work done because meetings are scheduled throughout the entire day. So if you want to get any real work done, you have to work after hours. Management does not trust their employees' knowledge and the management consistently does the opposite of what is recommended. ","Technology Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2021","2.0"
"Compensation and Culture are low.","Visit onsites and promote this banks products. Open accounts onsite outside of branches. You must have a good team leader if you want to enjoy this role. Management attributed to a very toxic 'team' environment. Often inciting competition, gossip and slander as a form of 'motivation' and influence. I went on medical leave and when I came back, my position was switched by my direct manager to a floater position where I had to drive 2 hours to get to any onsites. Spoke to HR and nothing could be done. The decision did not make success in my role conducive since most of my time was spent driving. My advice when working here: Don't get sick, don't seek surgery to get well or you may not have your position to come back to. Also, this is a dead end role even if you are a rock star with your goals. Many of my team members have been in this role for years (as much as 13 years) and have not gotten promoted or considered. Outsiders were hired and promotion from within non-existent. The pay was certainly not worth the headaches.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Duluth, GA","January 30, 2021","2.0"
"Productive, lots of room for advancement, stressful frontline roles","Just like most call centers, the frontline position can be pretty stressful with back to back calls which was the hardest part of my job along with the metric goals that were expected to be met every month while maintaining high scoring quality evaluations. Personally, the quality of my customer interactions took priority over my own metrics, which became a topic of conversation during personal coaching meetings. However, my experience with this bank as a company, was very positive. The environment was always supportive, inclusive, and motivating. There were many resources available to all employees within the call center such as resume workshops, public speaking and leadership groups, and career corner opportunities (where you can learn more about other careers within the call center). this bank also had a comprehensive benefits package (including health/life/vision/dental insurance, 14 days of PTO given each calendar year, occasional VTO offered, up to 6 paid sick days, HSA, ISP 401k, FMLA, pension plan, home buying assistance, employee specific APRs on credit cards/loans, separate rooms within call center for nursing mothers, etc.). Overall, It is a great company to work for, but the role specifically was not for me.","Senior Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 27, 2021","4.0"
"Poor Management","Branch manager I worked for was awful. She had zero banking experience, not a basic understanding of banking regulations. this bank hires people based on having a degree only, no experience needed to run a $36 million deposit base branch. ","Personal Banker II","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 27, 2021","1.0"
"Great work environment ","I enjoy my job. My customers, coworkers and managers are great. The day can be slow sometimes. Pay could be better. Benefits are great. Room for advancement.","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Toms River, NJ","January 26, 2021","4.0"
"Unreasonable Expectations","It was a stressful Job. Expectations were hard to meet, with the volume of phone calls. Team Leaders weren't always helpful with difficult customers. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Home","January 26, 2021","3.0"
"Great customers and employees where i worked","No work life balance. All about goals. Very stressful and disappointing. Management has no clue about branch banking.... just producing. I love my customers. They trust me and I do what's best for them... but it's never enough. ","Now Manager","Current Employee","Williamston, NC","January 25, 2021","2.0"
"Pretty good for a Bank","My time here was very good but in the end the pay wasn't worth it, the benefits were terrible and management didn't want to deal with customers. Work life balance is great though. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Easton, PA","January 25, 2021","4.0"
"A good stepping stone","It's a good company to get your feet wet in banking. The pay is not very good. But the time off is great. 3 weeks when you start. There's not a lot of communication between upper management to employees. That's pretty much the same in most departments I've worked in. My coworkers are fantastic and I love them.","Loan Analyst Collateral Monitoring, Commercial Loans","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 23, 2021","3.0"
"Nice environment","Nice environment but sometime the things they required us to do was overkill. The different departments need to work together better. Management was good for the most part","Mortgage Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 22, 2021","4.0"
"Okay pleas to work","Been there 5 years. Can't wait to get out at this point. Limited opportunity to change departments and even if you do, it takes months to complete the process. While waiting to move, you'll likely be burned oir","CSR Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 20, 2021","3.0"
"It could be as good or as bad as the branch you work at"," this bank can be EXTREMELY toxic or very, very good; depending on your branch and 'leaders'. It is VERY sales-driven, and there is not necessarily room to grow a career. They don't pay enough for all the work they require from you, customers can be very moody/rude. High turnover rate, and extremely under-staffed branches. Most of the time you have so much work, that you will leave something 'hanging', and most likely will be called out for it. God forbid a customer leaves a bad review. It's gonna hurt you and the branch, so it adds an additional layer of stress. ","Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","January 18, 2021","3.0"
"I would not recommend working at this bank to my worst enemy."," this bank has laid off over half of their workforce, including full time employees, completely without warning. They also gave no separation package at all, and cut benefits the day after the layoff. Further, employees worked upwards of 150% hours during Covid, and were not compensated for that either. this bank is a corporate monster, and does not care for the employees or their families at all. ","Technical Program Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 18, 2021","1.0"
"Good","Good company and encourage our continual growth and development. Everyone here is nice and loves to have a good time and get out of the office to team-build.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 13, 2021","5.0"
"Fun but not ","Very sterile the hire fire ratio is soo high nobody stays there too long they expect you to be a robot on the call line and not have a personal life and no chances at all and don't have feelings towards personal growth ","ONLINE CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 13, 2021","1.0"
"It's a good place to work","Lots of room for advancement and good management. They will help you arms train you at every step. They have generous leave policies and the on boarding is really smooth.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 12, 2021","5.0"
"Mostly focused on metrics. ","Everything is metrics driven. Not much support offered after training. Reaching out to Retail Support consist of someone sending an article to research and find your solution. Tenured employees have later shifts and new hires get earlier shifts. Workforce will accommodate your request. Supervisor was not supportive. Pay is not worth the job.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","January 7, 2021","3.0"
"Great!","Excellent management and growth opportunities. Supportive culture that is focused on providing the training and resources needed to help each employee. ","Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 7, 2021","5.0"
" this bank is a family oriented company "," this bank cares about their employees and customers the pay is good and so is management they are easy to talk to and willing to assist in helping you meet your career goals","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2021","5.0"
"Doing better with technology","I spent a little over a decade at this bank and during that time they started getting serious about putting into place updated technology. They went from old stuff to newer tech. That part was good. One part that wasn't good is that management was hit or miss. For the last 5 or 6 years I had a manager who really didn't do much to help with advancement or getting the training needed to do better. And then his manager made vacation taking difficult, especially around Christmas and New Years. ","Support","Former Employee","Portland, OR","January 4, 2021","3.0"
"Bank teller","Decent bank to work for but the pay is low, and you always have to sell all sorts of financial products, credit cards, to people that don't have money anyway. So why induce people to get in more debt when you see they already don't have money. There are monthly goals that probably no bank/branch achieves but are there to put you in a hot spot. Worked here while in college. After graduation I moved on to a better stable and nice job. don't't work in banks. They're so unethical ( what a shocker, of course they are). ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fairfax County, VA","January 4, 2021","3.0"
"Diversity was the only plus","Everything else was awful. Being a call center, you have to take way too many calls. You literally do not have a full second between calls, the second a customer disconnects there is another customer already speaking. They literally track your bathroom time. Everyday you have a 15 min team meeting with about 10 ppl in the middle of hundreds of other employees and they rate you on about 8 different Categories. They put this huge board and write in red marker everything you did wrong. It's awful. ","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 30, 2020","1.0"
"Good","I feel that this bank is a great company to work for. When it comes to scheduling it can be difficult to get the schedule changed and to move to a different position can sometimes take quite a bit of time but it is still a great company to work for they have great benefits and willing to work with employees. ","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","December 30, 2020","3.0"
"Good job but it can be stressful and disheartening","The customers reviews on your service can make or break your experience here. If the ATM doesn't work and the customer gives this bank (you) a 1 star rating, it destroys not only your quarter but the branches, too. You meet wonderful regulars and build relationships but survey and sale expectations are unreasonable.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","Michigan","December 29, 2020","3.0"
"Good Place to Work","It felt like working with family. Everyone at the branch was extremely friendly and caring of one another. The branch was located in a tourist destination, and the hardest part of the job would be the rush that followed any major holiday or event.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","December 28, 2020","5.0"
"Expect an FTE reduction every couple of years"," this bank is well-known for RIFing senior personnel every couple of years in order to save on salary and benefit expenses. You are safe until you reach 50 then you might want to start looking for another opportunity.","Vice President","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 28, 2020","2.0"
"Love it","Personally I love working for this bank. I love that I get to help people daily, management truly want their employees to succeed and do what they can to help teach and build careers. ","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Ashland, KY","December 26, 2020","5.0"
"Just Okay","Salary extremely low, work culture was great in my branch but branch was chosen for a permanent increase in branch hours to close at 6 daily but no increase in pay. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","December 25, 2020","3.0"
"Worst working environment. ","The environment at this job was one of the worse. It was extremely stressful and unfriendly. Most of the management was impolite and rude. It encouraged separation amongst employees, as opposed to team work. They didn't want us speaking to each other. There were a multitude of changes that occurred quite often with poor training. The environment is too uptight and not employee friendly. ","Online Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 24, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible place to work!!! They do not care about customers ","Most promotions will not be people of color. Customers are not put first. It takes months to get loans closed because departments are fighting internally. You can escalate to management and nothing will happen. Worst company I've ever worked for in 25 years. They will lie to you during the interview and tell you that everybody is earning a bonus, that isn't true. They find ways not to pay you a bonus. You will not even understand how you earned or didn't earn a bonus. It's some gorilla math equation that they have on an excel sheet and you don't get a copy. Again the worst company ever. Talk a great game but it's all lies!!!!!! I wouldn't recommend anyone work here and I never have. ","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 22, 2020","1.0"
"Good company","I really loved working for this bank. They took great care of me when I was on maternity leave. I worked both in the branches and from home and have nothing but good to say of them as employers","Customer Service and Support Representative Remote","Former Employee","Remote","December 19, 2020","5.0"
"Poor pay little job growth","Many positions that used to exist have been cut. Roles that should have been promotions were eliminated and work is distributed between branch workers with no raises. Job has high expectations, with little growth or rewards. ","Customer Service III","Former Employee","Washington, PA","December 18, 2020","1.0"
"Enjoyed loan servicing position ","I enjoyed working in the loan servicing call center. My supervisors were awesome and helped me to improve my customer service skills. I would definitely work there again if I ever had the opportunity. ","Loan Services Consultant Call Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 18, 2020","5.0"
"It's a great place to work","I absolutely love my job. I feel pretty fulfilled and the work itself is great. Management is amazing. I get to work independently and I love my group. ","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2020","4.0"
"Basic bank job","Nothing negative your basic 9-5 paper pushing bank job. It has great benefits and if you work with the right people isn't as mentally draining as if you don't.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 15, 2020","3.0"
"Pushy sales on products that aren't good for the customer. ","Nice talking to and meeting new people. Management only cares about making money. You must be very good and pushy with sales on everyone. Good pay, good vacation. ","Teller","Former Employee","Muskegon, MI","December 15, 2020","3.0"
"It's alright"," this bank is fine. The salary is not where it should be considering how much they make you do and the size of the bank but you do get a minimum of 3 weeks of vacation. Benefits are fine. Moving up is very difficult as HR gate-keeps a lot. Everyone seems to work a lot, managers included (avg 45-50 hrs/wk). this bank talks a big game about being customer-centered but they are not. I worked in the branches and in an operational capacity and I can tell you that this bank makes it hard for customers to anything in a modern, easy way. Now if you're struggling to find a job/need some experience or get your foot in the door of the banking world then it's not a terrible first step. But get your 1-2 years and get out because raises are nonexistent and the workload only increases.","Branch Banker Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to work sometimes"," this bank is a good company to work for most of the time. They are pretty easy going when you hit all of your goals, however when you don't, get ready to hear your manager micro-manage you all day long and repeatedly tell you what to do. They offer little to no salary increases on a yearly basis.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Washington, DC","December 15, 2020","4.0"
"Great work life balance ","The work life balance is great and the benefits are alright. There is not much room for advancement. Being a bank, we don't use the most up-to-date technology.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Remote","December 13, 2020","3.0"
"great place to work but.....","Depending on the team or branch your experience can be great. but if your on a team that doesn't work as a team then your screwed. I was fortunate enough to be on a great team that helped me during my time. Making a sale seems to be most important. ","Branch banker associate","Current Employee","Sylvania, OH","December 12, 2020","3.0"
"All about the numbers. ","If you're good at scamming people to open accounts they don't need, this is the job for you. They only pay you well if you ensure every single person that walks in the door opens an account. ","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 11, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible- stay away from AML","Stay far away from AML here. They do not pay well, they bring in new people with higher salaries but make the wrong decision on who to hire. Raises are a joke! Even with meeting and exceeding all goals you get 1%!! We daily work overtime but are salaried for 40 hours, we work between 55-80 hours a week with no choice, we work on vacations, we work on 'paid holidays'. We always work, we are treated like garbage, they pick apart any mini mistake you make from typos to attachments, you better no reach out to management or you will get talked down to for even speaking to them. They hold round tables with high ups where you can't even express things because others tell management and you get in trouble. Turnover is insane here for these reasons and more. We have QAs, investigators, managers and analysts quitting daily or weekly. Stay away!! Any bank is better! ","AML Investigator QA","Current Employee","North Carolina","December 11, 2020","2.0"
"Good Company: Horrible with internal advancement","The company overall is very good. However, even for top performers, the ability to get meaningful pay raises year over year is extremely limited. This promotes a culture of jumping jobs either internally or externally to get ahead. ","Strategic Sourcing Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2020","4.0"
"Worst Working environment for clients and associates ","Worst financial Institution to work for. Poor Management guidance, coaching and motivation. Don't care about their clients financial needs and economic success , every client equal a $#+push products + a ridiculous survey. Poor and unprofessional management style. Micromanaging system. Poor internal branch support for associates. If you want to have a miserable work life come to work here. ","Personal Banker II","Former Employee","Naples, FL","December 9, 2020","1.0"
"Not much to say","This company is alright. It all depends on your manager and your location. Sometimes you meet great people. Sometimes you meet not so great people....","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 9, 2020","3.0"
"It was okay","I worked for 1 year as In-Store Banker.I had a great time, but I had to leave the job because I did not like working on Sunday.Great people, Great Company Culture. I really liked working here","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Keyport, NJ","December 6, 2020","4.0"
"Universal Banker","The good: The compensation for the Universal Banker role is pretty good, and you do really well with referrals, selling credit cards, and meeting your quarterly quota, you get decent bonuses. The workload is pretty decent, I guess it also depends what your branch is like.The neutral:The products are just like any other bank, the difference is how they name them. It's important to go over all the fees with customers when you open accounts because some caught me off guard (example: when you can charge for a replacement card/when not to charge)The bad:I've noticed a lot of turnover lately with bakers and managers; and when you don't have a branch or assistant manager to guide you through your first few weeks, your constantly looking up policies and procedures by yourself, and trying to learn 3 different systems. In my specific branch my colleague have helped a bit, but I can't help but think they are planning an exit too. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","December 6, 2020","3.0"
"Solid company from top to bottom","Leadership has made a series of good decisions that has positioned the company for long-term growth. The company does a great job of providing rewards and recognition to deserving individuals.","Business Banking Officer II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 2, 2020","4.0"
"Work From Home"," this bank is a great work place- I have the opportunity to work from home, it's very comfortable for me because I have over 10 years of customer service experience. I've been employed with them over a year now. I like it due to the high call volume, team leads are very helpful, I've been on two different teams and both were awesome! As long as you come to work on time, follow the rules, and provide excellent customer service you will go far with this company!! I've been promoted three times in one year!","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Work From Home","December 2, 2020","4.0"
"Conservative company with poor management","Some successful people were terminated at this bank just because they reasonably complained about their branch manager's behavior. Instead of helping them, the higher management terminated them for a bogus reason. I worked with them personally and know what was going on. People can't speak out freely and are afraid of losing their jobs. I left because I realized that this bank is not the best place to develop as the bank encourages a hostile atmosphere in the branch. If you don't complain and meet their sales goals, you'd be most likely fine. Some branches, however, have great managers that value their employees, but those are rare. Other than that, if you work hard, you can earn good money there.","Service Associate II","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","November 25, 2020","2.0"
"Great pay","This company is unfair and only worries about the higher ups in the corporation . They will turn on you on a heartbeat. Very selfish and mean at times .","Retail Escalation Manager SR ll Bank Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","November 24, 2020","1.0"
"Loan Support Analyst","Good company overall. The company provides good benefits. There is also life work balance. The management can be flexible with time especially when it comes doctor's appointments. ","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 24, 2020","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work but don't expect a raise you will need to move up to make money.The benefits are good but expensiveNot enough work from home opportunities","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 24, 2020","4.0"
"Management is horrible ","Only two maybe three managers out of the many that I've met have actually been good managers. The others have no business being a manager. The training is horrible here and if a manager has it out for you for no reason other than they're bored or trying to look good to higher ups and money hungry, you're scared to lose your job. You're expected to know things you haven't been taught even in roles you haven't been in a full year and written up for not having enough appointments even during a pandemic. Their computer system is as old as the hills and not easy to manage. Have I mentioned their training is awful? ","Universal Branch Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","November 23, 2020","2.0"
"Just a great place to work","Great work life balance. Work from home is supported and engagement is well maintained. Company has great values and transparency. Growth and development are constantly worked on with employees and managers. I always feel valued. Pay and benefits are great. I've had good and bad managers but I think all companies have that. When I had a bad manager, I had the resources to work through issues unlike other places I have worked. ","Recruiter I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 22, 2020","5.0"
"Productive ","Wonderful place to work with great management/support group. One thing for sure you will stay busy.. it's constant work daily... but overall I truly enjoy it ","Dda collection","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 21, 2020","5.0"
"Mixed feelings ","I have mixed feelings, really depends where you're working. Depends on the manager and the team.. .. hr is a complete joke. You basically have to put up w bad behavior bc if you make a complaint things get ugly for you even though they swear that they take retaliation seriously ðŸ˜’ ","Banker","Current Employee","Bergen County, NJ","November 19, 2020","4.0"
"No clear direction or support on new initiatives ","New program with no administrative help, retail bank and investments had different objectives, no accountability for senior management in cooperation with the initiative ","Financial Specialist Team Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","November 19, 2020","2.0"
"Great benefits and good compensation plan ","Working here is great. Management is good, the process can be a bit stressful when the system doesn't work. But overall the job function is not difficult. ","Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 19, 2020","5.0"
"As long as you work they leave you alone so you can be productive and do your job!","Great place to work but the management is not the greatest. Some people are just not cut out for managing people. Work life balance is ok but if your not grinding the work each and everyday you get treated differently. ","Real Estate Foreclosure Default Litigation Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 18, 2020","5.0"
"Great Company","Great work experience. I needed to complete this review so I was able to look at other reviews on this source for a school project. Other than that I actually work for this bank and it is a great company to work for.","Teller","Current Employee","Michigan","November 18, 2020","5.0"
"Mortgage Consultant ","The job is fairly easy, the problem lies with bonuses were taken away, yet we were given the task to take multiple department calls. Also you may be told one thing, and then have to accept another. Mortgage needed help, we were asked to train and move there with new schedules (mon-fri), only to accept and start and be told we had to keep the same schedules. ","Mortgage Loan Consultant","Current Employee","Georgia","November 18, 2020","3.0"
"the good is you will take a lot of calls ","you will never be bored because the calls are always back to back especially in core, however when management is the problem you cant talk to higher ups they don't do anything ","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","November 17, 2020","3.0"
"Good start in banking","It was a good place to start when you don't know any better. They take advantage of new to bank employees to pay them very low in comparison. Short staffed branches, poor upper management. Charlotte market is the laughing stock of all of this bank. ","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 17, 2020","2.0"
"Great people"," this bank has a great work-life balance and a pretty decent compensation package. The people there are great and I would definitely work there again if I could","Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 16, 2020","5.0"
"work environment ","good place if you like to work from home but very stressful environment on the phone and you have to be on your own most of the time with the client. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","work from home","November 16, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to work to get experience but pay It's not good ","Managers are great and they really helped you. You could move up very fast with the company. It does have great benefits like pension, 401k and many more. Pay is very low, for the job you do. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","November 15, 2020","3.0"
"Good for Employees","Not bad place to work for employees. Nice benefits, nice vacation time and paid time off policies. Day to day job not too challenging but can get very monotonous. ","Help Desk Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2020","3.0"
"Wish it were busier","Some Branches have very slow traffic while others are always hopping.Great company to work for though. Our leads were old and always the same names, they should also offer more competitive deposit products.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","Maitland, FL","November 4, 2020","4.0"
"Horrible place to work","Play favorites!!!!! This company is a JOKE a lot of gossiping, breaking rules HR Doesn't care! Nobody cares about YOU! They closing branches all the time and left ppl without job. ","Teller II","Current Employee","Florida","November 4, 2020","1.0"
"Foot in the Door","I wouldn't recommend working for this company at a branch however you would learn a lot for your next career opportunity. I did enjoy my job as a teller however once I moved up I began hating my position and breaking down on my lunch break due to stress. this bank has also taken away many of the benefits I earned when I first started to give more to customers. ","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","November 2, 2020","2.0"
"Job security","Always knew what needed to be done. Enjoyed my customers and fellow team members. There are many commercials and print ads for this bank which gives it great name recognition.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Jupiter, FL","November 1, 2020","5.0"
"No advancement management has favorites","OverallMy experience working at this bank your just another employeeDo Not work here no room for advancement no training to do new roles the training they have is on a computer that you get on orientation. Blackout dates and rules on how you can use your vacation seniority gets1st picks on vacations if your denied for a date and call-out your written up.You only get 7 call-outs but have to wait a full year to receive them again (call-outs do not renew every January) if you use more than 5 call-outs your placed on a verbal warning. Raises are horrible 5 and 10 cents for doing your best and your manager gets to determine how much of a raise if any you get do not apply here unless you enjoy being taken advantage of and lied too.","Accounts Receivable Lockbox Operations","Current Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","November 1, 2020","1.0"
" Being the Lead Teller will drain the life out of you.","Work-life balanceMy personal favorite are all the work conversations to your personal phone on your off time! Everything is personal. Always and forever short staffed.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 29, 2020","3.0"
"Worst place I've ever worked ","Their call center is too busy and if you love yourself you won't work there. The management is toxic the pay is trash for the amount of stuff you deal with on the daily with their customers. Look someone else.","Customer Service Representative I Lead","Former Employee","Remote","October 28, 2020","1.0"
"Okay job for someone with no experience","Got boring after a few months - nothing new to learn. No advancement in the company. Customers were often rude but you had to take it because 'customers are always right'","Teller","Current Employee","Clever, MO","October 28, 2020","4.0"
"Good paying part-time job","The pay was good for a part-time job. For the most part, everyone was fairly nice and willing to help me learn. The company tried to make sure we were as safe as possible during COVID, which was nice. However, there was a lot of pressure on everyone to make sales which made for a tense work environment. Wouldn't go back but overall the job was decent.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 28, 2020","3.0"
"Only interested in the RICHEST of the RICH"," this bank often stressed the need to SELL SELL SELL their products. This bank does not want customers with lower or middle class families, they are only interested in wealthy customers whom use this bank credit cards. The management is a joke as it is the same people year to year, they are not management because of any degree of skill, solely because they kiss butt and agree with everything the boss says.","Teller","Former Employee","Cranberry, PA","October 27, 2020","1.0"
"High turn over","Ok to work here. They only really care if they can benefit. Very stressful you only advance if you are a favorite. Not cool at all upper management is unfair ","Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 23, 2020","3.0"
"Good Place to work Sales"," this bank is a great company to work for if you are looking for a sales position. They truly care about their employees and do all that they can to make sure the work environment is safe and inclusive. The management cares about their employees and their ability to progress in their careers. It is overall a safe bet to grow your career. ","Teller","Current Employee","Hartville, OH","October 22, 2020","5.0"
"Lots of work for little pay","I worked inside a giant and they wanted us to hassle the shoppers for credit cards while they shopped. The pay was also bad for the amount of work they wanted you to do. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","October 22, 2020","2.0"
"Stable ","benefits are great, management is great they truly care about you. They are not pushy on sales. Excellent work like balance time off and flexible schedule ","Lead Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 20, 2020","5.0"
"Great career","Always room to grow. Lots of information and training. Customer and sale focused. Time management can sometimes be hard. Great products and solutions for all ages","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 20, 2020","5.0"
"Enjoyable at times, but not always the best.","For the most part it is a good work environment. This position is more for an entry level/stepping stone into other positions within the company. The co-workers are nice to work with. The job itself is nothing special, along with the pay. this bank offers great benefits.","Teller","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","October 20, 2020","4.0"
"Wealth Management Intern","Not very respectfulReally didn't attribute any actual tangible workHad to figure out almost everything on my ownBoss was very niceThe internship program had no direction and I did not learn very much good pay","Wealth Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2020","2.0"
"Good company going downhill"," this bank was great at first, customer service was the most important goal. Then, almost overnight, sales became the dominating concern. Initially I worked in a branch environment. The sales pressure over time became intolerable, so I decided to apply for and obtain a position in a less stressful environment.In my role as client Solution Specialist, it was a great, very professional atmosphere. Many good people. Unfortunately this is a position you cannot learn with a handful of books, training that consisted of 5 days sitting and watching another rep, and a 'buddy' via Skype, who was mostly tied up with their own jobs to take time to assist. Asking for assistance was frowned upon, and nothing shy of perfection was treated as a disaster, where good performance was rarely addressed. this bank started as a great job, but the sales pressure in the retail side, and the borderline hostile atmosphere of the , it became a nightmare that worsened daily. 2015 this bank was a great company. Throughout 2016 it was mostly downhill. 2017 became absolutely intolerable from a stress standpoint to the degree I resigned before I even had alternative employment lined up. It was that stressful.","Client Solution Specialist Sr","Former Employee","Downtown Ft Lauderdale","October 19, 2020","2.0"
"Upper Management "," this bank is a great company for benefits. Other than that, they do not pay well, upper management is lacking proper leadership models and most are not fair and honest with employees. ","Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 16, 2020","2.0"
"Great management"," this bank really wants to see all of their employees grow and succeed. Although there are a lot of tasks to complete within a single workday. You are surrounded by a team to help make it happen.","Branch Manager Sr Staff Manager II","Former Employee","Reading, OH","October 15, 2020","4.0"
"Terrible","Wasted many years at this job. this bank preaches about inclusiveness and diversity and I didn't experience either of these things working here. Management did not follow any guidelines for the pandemic, no temp checks/masks worn etc. Manager let several employees keep coming into work sick. Lots of racist and prejudice comments made every day. Extremely hostile work environment. You will get bullied until you finally leave if they don't like you or you don't fit in. This didn't only happen to just me at this branch either. Customer surveys reflect how terrible most associates are, I often carried the team to get bonus at end of quarter. I have spent many days physically sick from the stress I have endured from working here. Expect your mental health to plummet. ","Branch Associate","Former Employee","United States","October 15, 2020","1.0"
"Good job","I loved the part time position I had. Also they train well but you get a better hang of everything when you actually start to work on the phones and get comfortable speaking with people.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 12, 2020","4.0"
"Great place to work introducing clients to banking products.","I enjoyed introducing banking clients to banking products that would help them with their financial issues. Having repeat clients requesting my service was extremely rewarding to me. ","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Bridgeville, PA","October 11, 2020","5.0"
"So many sale and referral","I used to work for this bank for the last 16 years, they offered me an early retirement since MarchIt was nice to work there , good benefit but too stressful , always shorted staffs","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","October 9, 2020","3.0"
"Company walks their talk","Very good company to work for; great training program; good pay; great management. Company cares about continuous improvement. Also company seeks to develop talent within organization. Strong organizational communication is practiced at all levels.","Support Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","October 8, 2020","4.0"
"High stress work environment ","The company confuses the daily tracking of activities with quantifiable results. Much time is wasted tracking behaviors that do not lead to required goal achievement. This creates a stressful, unproductive work environment. Additionally there are too many layers of management in this organization which muddies communication from the top down. Finally, the centralization of decision making creates barriers to nimbly assist customers in any meaningful way. ","ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","October 7, 2020","2.0"
"Great place to work!","Great place to work! Supportive management and team members. Flexibility in scheduling. Work life balance. Champion of social justice. Allowed to work from home during pandemic.","Quality Analyst II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 6, 2020","4.0"
"Cliquey Environment","Pay & benefitsMy pay and benefits at this bank are fantastic. They pay you fairly and they also give you plenty of PTO as well as holidays. The health and dental benefits were fantastic and were very affordable for a single individual.","Banker","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","October 6, 2020","3.0"
"Great benefits and room to grow.","I haven't started yet, but from what I could tell this bank truly cares for their employees and the benefits/PTO is definitely a plus. Highly recommend working for this company. ","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 6, 2020","5.0"
"Branch Banker Associate","Do not listen to what they promise you. You will work 9-10 hour days in a glorified retail position. The company allows for customers to walk all over you, so long as they are happy. The only thing that they are concerned about is making a sale and trying to bring up numbers. They care very little for work-life balance and instead want you to be committed to a culture of selling and putting customers before your family. If it was not for my manager, I would have quit long ago. You will meet plenty of great co-workers, but it does not make up for the poor excuse of the rest of the job. The technology is 30 years behind and the systems you work with often crash or are not user friendly. In the position I worked, I had to do personal banking and teller work. You would think that would justify some kind of pay raise, but you will make marginally more than a teller and less than a banker. Essentially you are paid to do two jobs while receiving the pay of one job. The hours are long, and often I have worked 3-4 Saturdays a month. In terms of career advancement, it really depends on how they are feeling. They will tell you that after the first year of working here that you are able to move anywhere in the company. This is false doctrine, as they have denied me to 14 different jobs that I have applied for since my one year. Unless you produce an unholy amount of sales, they have no interest in moving you from retail. In conclusion, if you like sales and customer service you will enjoy this position. Personally I value a work-life balance and the retail positions at this bank do notÂ -Â more...","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2020","1.0"
"Decent company with good benefits but lacking compensation","I worked for this bank for five years and only during my last year did I have a manager that did their best to see about where I wanted to go in the company.. The company has great benefits with their 401k, health, dental, vision and employee stock purchasing. Working in retail banking gets very tiring.. After awhile you get tired of the clientele that comes in with overdrawn accounts every other day that can't manage their accounts. If you're good at multiple tasks don't be surprised to be taken advantaged of. I was the ATM custodian for years because another coworker was too slow. And I was expected to manage the teller line and also do banking on the platform side. Worked very hard day to day and deserved to be in a better position or at least be getting raises as I had always had a meets all yearly review.Also, the incentives you receive quarterly were lacking and felt like a joke. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Tamarac, FL","October 4, 2020","3.0"
"Great coworkers ","Work-life balanceHighly gossip-ridden corporation. High stress. Not enough staff. Poor SchedulePay & benefitsMy pay and benefits at this bank are poor. They keep taking away ability to earn incentivesJob security and advancementZero opportunity for advancementManagementIn general, managers at this bank turnover quickly.CultureGreat co-workersOverallSell-sell-sell, close to Wells Fargo. Unethical practice","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wisconsin","October 1, 2020","1.0"
"Enjoyed working here. ","I enjoyed working for this bank. Advancement in the company. Short staffed most of the time and a lot of turnover in branches. Compensation was good. Time off was good and all of their benefits were great. ","Teller","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 1, 2020","5.0"
"Great Benefit","Requires high standards in salesBeing a Teller is extremely easy. They give you trainingBanker Job requires more. Hours are extended which sucks a little 9-6 m-f ","Branch Banker Sales Associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 1, 2020","4.0"
"Pay","The pay is good.As for job security, It all depends on what department your working in and the position.If coming in as a temp., Your most likely going to be just that, a temp.","Funder","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2020","3.0"
"Good job","The people make it worth it and if u like working in a fast paced environment then this wonderful environment is great for you and is helpful with family","Teller Lead","Former Employee","New York, NY","September 29, 2020","5.0"
"You get what you give","I have seen some amazing careers happen within this bank for people who try and are open to change, that are hard working and love people. I have seen careers end quickly when there was a bad fit. this bank heavily emphasizes you being in charge of your own development with them as a support and for me personally, I have loved it and I feel like I have plenty of support when I am looking for a good next step in my career. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","September 29, 2020","5.0"
"Low pay and stressful work environment. ","Work-life balance at this bank is not good. My pay and benefits at this bank are low","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Winston-Salem, NC","September 29, 2020","2.0"
"A lot is changing ","DO NOT PLAN ON BANKERS HOURS HERE! A lot has changed around expectations on your work life balance. this bank claims to have been voted top 10 for mother's.. that's a joke in my opinion. this bank hold their employees to a great standard of excellence and I will never discredit that but you end up putting your all into this company to realize you're a number to them unless you provide something. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","DuBois, PA","September 28, 2020","4.0"
"Branch Banker","Work-life balanceMy management team and colleagues are great to work with always can count on anyone if assistance is neededPay & benefitsI have no complaintsJob security and advancementThey always go within for open positions before going externalManagementMy manager is awesome hands downCultureNothingOverallI have no plans to leave. I enjoy working for this bank. I see long-term goals . I would highly recommend any close friend or family member to work for this bank.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 27, 2020","5.0"
"Toxic","If you enjoyed high school than you will enjoy this bank. If you are a Manager it's impossible to be successful. You are told to manage and coach but the regional managers encourage hourly employees to call HR and complain. Human Resources is like the parents of the kid who got a C on the test. The place is a joke ","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 26, 2020","1.0"
"Work from home ","Absolutely horrible experience. I was literally interrogated during training because the mentor apparently didn't like me. I was fired for issuing a credit to a customers account even though my manager told me it was OK. I was reported to an ethics line for it. No one there likes their job. Money is decent but it's just horrible. As bad as collections. ","CSR Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","September 25, 2020","1.0"
"Really Customer Oriented ","Overall, great bank to work at since the local branches are well-organized and are very friendly. They really give opportunities to employees to grow.","Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 25, 2020","5.0"
"Racist Company","They are extremely unprofessional, vindictive, the initiators of office politics and create hostile work environments. They encourage their less productive workers to harass their more productive workers. They are very intimidated by those who are more knowledgeable than them who are in lower positions than they are. They know those people have the potential to go a lot further in the company and they pull out all the stops to keep that from happening.On top of that I complained to the EEOC and they fired me.They like to keep people around who are less knowledgeable than them, brown nose and have no ethics or morals. As long as those people are around, they know that there positions are safe. Whereas someone whose a strong performer, knowledgeable and is able to do their job well with integrity, they try to get rid of and are very successful at doing it","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 25, 2020","1.0"
"Good pay and benefits "," this bank is a solid company with good benefits. Branches have set hours, and tellers don't need to stay indefinitely after work because the vault needs to be closed. Retail banking isn't for everyone. Some customers are just angry and irrational, particularly when they have caused their own problem. Unfortunately, they sometimes get the opportunity to answer a survey about you personally after they visit the branch. this bank. takes these surveys as gospel, and you can end up doing your job well, correctly, and kindly but being dinged in the survey by unreasonable customers. You have no defense. Something else that's hard is that this bank is very oriented to large cities, and their sales techniques and expectations don't play well in small towns where you have the same customers over and over. They don't want a credit card, as they told you last week and the week before, and some don't like that tellers are looking at their accounts closely, even to see what services or upgrades might really be helpful. They also don't like waiting in a line out the door because tellers are required to try to sell or set an appointment with each transaction. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","September 25, 2020","4.0"
"Never worked for a more horrible establishment","The company is ridiculous the staff talks about every other staff member the drama in the place is worse then being in high school and if your not apart of the manager click then they will do everything to get you fired the absolutely worst company i have ever worked for","Team Member","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","September 24, 2020","1.0"
"paid time off","Job security and advancementIn terms of job security at this bank , I think they are doing a very good job with security an advancement.","Branch Sales Associate Representative","Current Employee","Central nj","September 24, 2020","2.0"
"Team work","Was very educational. engaging and inclusive in all their aspects Managers made you feel engaged in learning the company ways and sought to guide you through the process of understanding the company's objectives ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","September 23, 2020","4.0"
"Needs Improvement","Pay isn't great but this is a good starter job and you will learn a lot. Compared to other banks around , they are lower paying. Incentives have been taken away and it gives you no purpose to really work for this company.","Teller","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","September 23, 2020","3.0"
"Good Stepping stool","Good stepping stool as a teller. If you are not a salesperson, don't bother. The numbers game is very prevalent in this industry. It can become monotonous, unless you have a manager who's humane enough to pay you well and help you grow. ","Teller","Former Employee","Wayne, PA","September 21, 2020","3.0"
"Promotes diversity and inclusion"," this bank will give you the opportunity grow your career if you choose. The embrace diversity and encourage involvement in the community . I was employed for 12 years until Covid caused my department to shut down permanently. Opportunities to work at home if that fits your lifestyle.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Saint Petersburg, FL","September 21, 2020","5.0"
"Unfair ","My manager was a nightmare Nice then stabs you in backShe was prejudice Company does not stand behind employees Salary doesn't compare to other banks","Teller","Former Employee","Delray Beach, FL","September 19, 2020","1.0"
"Consultant ","Was stressful but stable job , it was what you expect from a typical call center job. Stress on top of stress. The company was ok but the job itself wasn't for me.","Consultant","Former Employee","Remote","September 18, 2020","4.0"
"Typical call center","Worked in default department collecting on past due credit card accounts. Low hourly pay, back to back calls. Ok for students or someone just needing this temporary to get by. ","Customer Support","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 17, 2020","2.0"
"Productive and a very good work environment ","Good benefits and an awesome work place. Had no issues and also learned a lot working there as well. Dealt with a lot of customers who had a lot of problems and I had learned how to solve them in a timely matter, with multitasking as well! ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","September 16, 2020","5.0"
"PTSD will get you fired","Had trouble advancing due to being told no continually in taking classes for advancement. Managers who do not follow policies are not reprimanded. Those associates who do not follow policies get advancement opportunities quicker. PTSD or any mental disabilities will get you fired. Human Resources only concerned about accommodations for physical but not mental disabilities. It is only about sales and have you push products such as credit cards even if it is not best for customers. ","Branch Banker Sr","Former Employee","Long Neck, DE","September 15, 2020","1.0"
"Managers make the difference","During my almost six years at this bank, I had one phenomenal manager and one horrible manager. The difference drove me to leave the company. The corporate side is much more in tune with employees, their needs and concerns and opinions. The retails side is not. It's all about reaching your numbers.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","South Jersey","September 15, 2020","3.0"
"Customer Service Associate","OverallGreat place to work! Great benefits, paid vacation, flexible hours, training is provided accordingly, give you chances to learn and opportunities to grow within the Organization.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","September 15, 2020","5.0"
"Changing, and not for the better.","I can only speak for working in the branch. Do not go anywhere near this place if you have prior successful sales experience in banking. The incentive program is a rat race and training is nonexistent.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 15, 2020","1.0"
"Wonderful company benefits","Benefits package is unmatched. Only downfall, most branches do not have much opportunity to be promoted. Pay could be better with all the positions entail.","Services Associate Universal","Current Employee","Saint Clairsville, OH","September 12, 2020","4.0"
"Branch Services and Sales Associate","Good team atmosphere and this bank is really focused on continuous training and development . Culture is also important here, I worked on a campus so I was able to participate in a lot of students events which was stressful time but really fun at the same time. I would definitely recommend this company.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","September 12, 2020","5.0"
"Nice to start out ","It pays a decent amount for you job you do and the benefits for part timers are decent. I wish the company had standard hours for part timers like they can't work more than 30 hours a week. Unfortunately most part timers work just under 40 hours (for example 37-38) hours without reaping full time benefits. That is unfair and misleading.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 10, 2020","3.0"
"Its a slave shop. Work the people as much as possible, then cut them."," this bank is a bad work environment, its cronyism at the worst. If you don't know the right people, your life is done. If you are not a yes person, your manager will get revenge.","Release Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 9, 2020","1.0"
"Good place to start","Good place to start in the financial / sales industry, pays industry standard for tellers. 401k and benefits available, part time schedules available for those going to college and looking for a part time job with regular hours.A LOT of sales pressure.Less than average compensation for bankers in the industry. Limited opportunity for growth, and when you do prove your worth, your pay bump is barely recognizable. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","West Grove, NJ","September 9, 2020","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank keeps employees in the know and offers a great work-life balance. The people at this bank are usually very nice and easy to work with, making it easy to come to work each day.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2020","5.0"
"Racist Company","A typical day at work here is not easy, the management was not respectful and the CEO didn't seem to care. the best part was co workers and customers they made the day. But overall this company is racist. I failed a charge with the EEOC and they fired me about a week later.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 8, 2020","1.0"
"MIS is not stable","Management in MIS practice house cleaning every 6 months regardless of your ability. Positions are eliminated. Go work in Retail. Processes change every 6 months. Agile is not industry standard.","Scrum Master","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible Management & Unfair Treatment","Management is absolutely horrendous. The managers are two-faced.I felt like I am not treated equally based on position. The managers have favorites, there is always some sort of drama that they sit in office all day and gossip.The benefits are nice. The managers seem to think treating their employees like animals and brainwashing us into thinking this is normal treatment is OK.The managers fired the two employees that were open about their sexuality and I find that interesting - this bank boasts about their diversity, yet they fired them...our staff consists of only two POC (the rest is entirely white). The new employee that they hired got terminated within a week (she was also a POC, for reference).I learned to stick up for myself, not be taken advantage of (even though it almost got me fired multiple times).I went to the managers to file a complaint against another employee for inappropriate misconduct, yet they turned it into a lesson on how I was wrong for coming to them and it wasn't important enough to be filed on my behalf. I felt like I wasn't heard and I was bashed for bringing the situation to light.The branch manager breaks the dress code consistently. I wore a pair of heels (once) & they did not have a strap on the back. I got called into the office and was demanded to change my shoes. Wearing short dresses, sleeveless shirts/dresses, etc, the dress code doesn't apply to her. Abuse of power & position.The branch manager boldly told the staff, to our faces, with no hesitation, about her breast augmentation, because that is ethical and that is definitelyÂ -Â more...","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","September 5, 2020","1.0"
"Poor Management & Leadership","This company does not care about its employees unless you have a Management title. They will overlook complaints and concerns regarding management until a Client complains or reports it.","Small Business Specialist","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 4, 2020","2.0"
"Nothing ","upper management does not care about you as an employee. You can tell them you are being bullied by your superiors and they do not care to listen to you. The environment is very toxic ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 3, 2020","1.0"
"Stressful","The people you work with and for are fine, but the training isn't the same and many haven't gotten full retraining as they change over the past 20 years. No one seems to be on the same page and the customers can see that. ","Loan Services Representative","Current Employee","Remote","September 3, 2020","3.0"
"Former Pgh Employee","â— Work-life balanceMy branch had absolutely no work life balance. It was basically like you back to high school in terms of the employees being extremely over-dramatic, refusing to do their jobs, and there was never follow up from management unless it was to punish. Even then, it felt like they didn't want to handle out of control employees. Because of that, I was constantly on call, coming in on my days off and staying late but getting in trouble for the amount of overtime I inevitably accrued.â— Pay & benefitsTeller supervisors with this bank are grossly under compensated for their role. We were expected to act as managers with barely an increase in salary from a basic full- or part-time teller.â— Job security and advancement this bank always has opportunities for advancement but they will absolutely play favorites on who they allow to progress.â— ManagementManagement, from branch to upper management, only care about meeting their sales goals. You are not a valued employee, you are a small part of a large machine. It does not matter if you are sick, overworked, in need of help from your management team, they are not there for you.â— CultureIt was like walking back into high school, complete with cliques and double standards. If you want a professional career, avoid banking at the branch level with this bank unless you have the patience of a saint.â— OverallOverall, I do not recommend this bank as a place to establish a professional career in banking or otherwise unless you are okay with playing the role of either yes man or scapegoat.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2020","1.0"
"The Banker Era is over","The bank industry was already not doing as great but now with COVID-19. The banker era is done. Too much responsibility with low pay. Too much drama!.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 2, 2020","3.0"
"Not a Bad Place to Work"," this bank has a lot of potential, overall it is a great company. Personally I just experienced a team that was losing management, resources, support, and respect from partners at the bank. I've noticed the department does a very poor job at re-hiring much needed resources, however I can't speak on behalf of the overall company. ","Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2020","4.0"
"Terrible ","Most of the leadership is extremely conservative and republican â€” they talk a good game but the disrespect is everywhere This outfit operates totally on favoritism and a caste systemI spent over a decade here and am so happy I left Be careful ","Retail branches","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 28, 2020","1.0"
"Worked with a great team; HR needs to learn to do thorough investigations","I worked at this bank for 5 years. I had some great co-workers that made working there not so bad. The pay wasn't too bad either. HR doesn't conduct thorough investigations - they call and interview you about an incident, then fire you a couple days later. They don't bother to send somebody to the branch to do a thorough investigation. ","Teller","Former Employee","New Philadelphia, OH","August 28, 2020","1.0"
"Your opinion matters. Inclusive work culture","Work environment is very fast and at times grueling. Culture is supportive and inclusive. You don't mind working hard for a company that values you and what you contribute.","Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 28, 2020","5.0"
"Don't be fooled....","Poor training, yet, you will be expected to know everything and continuously micromanaged (no room for you to apply what you learned and grow). Harassment, disrespect, undervalued, favoritism from managers - you will not be measured by your work/merit, it will be whether or not a manager 'likes' you. this bank doesn't practice what it preaches. It sure knows how to make itself look good on paper. Managers abuse of their position to invade your privacy (e.g. demanding to use cameras to see inside your home) - and this bank will sit back and let them turn the workplace into a school playground. ","Virtual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 26, 2020","1.0"
"It's something new and a great experience ","I really enjoy working at this bank I've learned so much it's just a great experience overall, this bank also have great Benefits for you and your family also. ","Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","August 26, 2020","5.0"
"Not at all prepared for surges in volume","They don't seem prepared for fluctuations in work volume. Pay is low for market standards so they have a hard time bringing on staff. Bonus can be lucrative but it's easy to lose","Underwriter","Current Employee","Remote","August 25, 2020","3.0"
"Stretches Employees Thin","I was a 'part time' teller who was regularly scheduled 45+ hours a week. But they preach no overtime under any circumstance so I would often be there 6 days a week for 9+ hours a day, with 1-2 hour unpaid lunches where I just sort of sat around and waited to clock back in, all so I could stay under 39.75 hours, or god forbid they'd have to pay me benefits. I was told this was temporary as they were short staffed but this went on for the entire time I worked there. Within a few months of being there I was one of the senior-most tellers because the turnover rate was so high and everyone around me left. Management expects so much of you and it's impossible to meet all quotas and expectations. The customers are allowed to walk all over you and you just have to eat it with a smile. Management expects you to do the job of 3-4 people yet doesn't even pay well enough to cover the job you were hired to do. Worst job I've ever had. I took a $6/hour pay cut to work somewhere else because I was so desperate to get out.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2020","1.0"
"Company needs a lot of improvement","Company needs a lot of improvement. I would seriously reconsider working here. Poor management and very stressful. Employees are not valued. There is no room for growth. The system is horrible.","Loan Processor Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 23, 2020","1.0"
"Great for entry level","A great place to learn the industry. The benefits are pretty good. Salaries are ok at best. Layoffs should be a concern for anyone not in upper management.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","August 23, 2020","4.0"
"Fun but stressful","Bad management but great team. We got paid for training and travel which was nice. Favoritism is huge in the company and as long as they like you they give you anything. If sales are good you get nothing.","Teller 1","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","August 22, 2020","3.0"
"Life/Work","You are merely just a number with this bank. Incentive programs have been removed, additional hours during week and Saturdays added to schedule with no notice and overtime is unacceptable. If you're short staffed, plan to work like a dog without a break.Management on all levels is a joke!","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Oak Hall, VA","August 22, 2020","1.0"
"Poisoned Environment","Over time it became painfully apparent just how unhealthy the working environment and culture of this bank is. Top persons in management engages in gossipy conversations about you on a daily basis. Employees are put to watch and report on other employees so that they are able to advance to other positions within the company etc. The culture is poisoned and the environment is unhealthy and it gets worse every day.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 22, 2020","1.0"
"Great company except no flexibility","â— Work-life balanceIt is a salary job so not flexible on hours. That makes it tough if you have kids with doctors appointments.â— OverallI have two kids and I'm a single parent. Since this is a salary job you do not have much flexibility. When your kid gets sick then you may not have the ability to stay home with them.","Bank Teller Main Office","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","August 20, 2020","4.0"
"development Program ","The development program is an excellent way to break into the company. It puts you on the fast track for promoting from within. Also you really get to learn a lot about your lines of business."," this bank development program analyst","Current Employee","Michigan","August 19, 2020","4.0"
"Virtual - Productive and engaging place to work in","During my time working here of a year and two months, I've received three trainings and have tenured my experience in this role . It has enhanced my experience as an individual and as a part of the company .","Virtual Assistant","Current Employee","Remote","August 19, 2020","5.0"
"Wouldn't recommend ","Working for a bigger company has its ups and downs. The longer a person has worked there the more they get away with stuff. There are people I've seen who should have been fired between their attitude and breaking the rules. If you're new you get scolded over everything while others do worse or the same and don't get their jobs threatened. I feel like I don't belong at this bank. Too stressful to perform like a rock star all the time. You make a few small mistakes and they don't trust you. You're told you don't belong there even when you go above and beyond. I was happy with this job and now I'm miserable. All the employees are stressed out. A job shouldn't stress you out or make you feel like you don't fit in. It seems they all complain and back stab you.","Unknown","Current Employee","Unknown","August 17, 2020","1.0"
"It's low pay with little to no advancement","The care center can be stressful and they recently cut out our incentives. You'll take 70-80 calls a day back-to-back. Advancement in the care center is minimal. If you ever dream to get a position off the phone one day. Keep dreaming. Lastly, I've met my goals for a year straight. Barely any one does and I still haven't been promoted or given a raise.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2020","3.0"
"Company has an overall good, productive corporate culture that was not always present locally. ","Company has an overall good, productive corporate culture that was not always present locally. The local management doesn't adhere to the feel of the company culture. ","Vice President","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 13, 2020","4.0"
"Not rewarded on merit, just your previous work experience","Rewarded on politics, not ability to actually perform your job or job functions. Surprising that they kept this method of promotion after splitting from the Wells Fargo joint venture, but keeping the same policy. No surprise considering all banks on the banking side and finance side have this same form of self destruction that contributes to a lack of loyalty to and from the employees that actually perform, not the senior managers who are glorified tellers or mortgage processors.","Sales Manager","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","August 12, 2020","2.0"
"Run don't walk away from this place. ","Very low pay for all the expectations you are asked to do. There is an employee survey available every year. You're asked about your opinions but if you give negative ones, be prepared for retaliation from management. ","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Warrington, PA","August 12, 2020","1.0"
"Good pay. Horrible management. ","The culture is amazing. They are a great company. The management in retail on the other hand is horrible. Selfish. Never team players. Its almost like being in elementary school. The back and forth, he say she say. I expected more from the management team. If my manager was different, I would have stayed. ","Universal Banker Specialist","Former Employee","Brentwood, MO","August 11, 2020","3.0"
"Job Has Pro's & Con's","Overall I feel as if it was a good job to gain more customer experience. The pro's to the job is the pay rate (pays really good for a entry level). The job is pretty stressful as well; you have to know how to deal with the constant yelling from customers and the constant changes within the company that you aren't notified of on time enough to explain to customers. You can't advance the way you would like to; you have to work a whole year to get your hours changed and their isn't any pay increase unless you change positions. Management is so so; sometimes they help but most of the time they aren't much help at all. Plus breaks are based off how busy the center is that day; sometimes you were on the phones for 3-4hours before your short break of 15mins. I liked the pay but otherwise it was just to many other problems that continued to happen. It was hard to follow the policy 100% correctly because it was so many constant changes going on plus you didn't have enough chances to correct anything before they'll write you up. I wouldn't recommend this job due to the amount of stress your put through and you don't get enough help from management.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2020","2.0"
"Loan analyst"," this bank is a good company however, the pay is very low meaning raises are lack luster. At times the process seems to be sexist. Women make a lot more than men. On top of that if you move up in the company they in a lot of cases give no raise if it's one step up. In addition if you are coming into the company, ask for a lot because they may pay you more than somebody who is getting a promotion. A lot of people join this bank leave for a year or so come back and make way more money than they should. That's what I am working on now leaving the co to perhaps come back.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2020","3.0"
"Allowed to work from home","You are allowed to work at times from home. You will put in long hours. Knowledge of Word and excel essential. They do allow ample time to complete exams.","Senior Field Examiner","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 9, 2020","3.0"
"Management","Horrible managers and work/life balance. Not a great company to work for especially the branch worked at. Managers never know how to help tellers, favorite line 'I'm not a teller, sorry I can't help.'","Full time Teller","Former Employee","Tenafly, NJ","August 7, 2020","1.0"
" this bank INvestments","There is great opportunity to get your feet wet and also learn the business. However, there is little to no room for advancement or to take over old books of business in the NEO area. Most advisors have decimated the local circuits and are holding tight. Get your experience and move on.","Direct Insurance Advisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 7, 2020","3.0"
"Ok work environment","Overall ok place to work but not a lot of opportunity for growth. Part timers get no vacation or sick time for an entire year. The work culture overall sucks. ","Remote Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","August 6, 2020","3.0"
"Beware!","â— Pay & benefitsManagers have great salaries, hourly employees barely get cost of living raises.â— OverallSeems like a good corporation but hourly employees suffer while their managers take no accountability for their actions or why their teams fail. No career advancement besides lateral moves and they barely give cost of living raises. Over 2 years and my salary increased $728 overall with every evaluation being meeting or exceeding expectations. Be mindful before leaving a job to work for this bank.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 6, 2020","2.0"
"Love being a Personal Banker","I loved working face to face with clients who were already members of this bank or were looking to open up an account of some sort. I took my skills and traditions from KIA of Bedford, such as making a daily to do list, was very organized and enjoyed talking to clients face to face to help them with their accounts, open up new accounts or close their accounts. I also enjoyed saving people's accounts when they were thinking of leaving. I really enjoyed what I learned when I worked there. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Solon, OH","August 6, 2020","4.0"
"Good workplace","Great benefits, room to advance, good management, open door policy, good work hours, flexible with your needs most of the time, good work environment ","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","August 5, 2020","3.0"
"Great atmosphere is Business Banking","Great place to work in Business Banking. The flexibility in Business Banking is second to none. I really appreciate this part of the job. My manger is very supportive","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Stockbridge, GA","August 4, 2020","5.0"
"Don't apply","Horrible, I was hired to work part time, little did I know they would be 4 hour shifts 5 to 6 days a week. Getting time off was impossible. They told me my vacation was 3rd week of Oct. and that was it I had no other time off.","Teller","Former Employee","Brownsville, PA","August 3, 2020","1.0"
"Financial Advisors - Not quite","When you take a job at this bank as a FA, be prepared to become an insurance agent and not financial advisor no way to hit the target revenue without 90% of monthly sales being some sort of insurance product","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 3, 2020","2.0"
"Job"," this bank took the incentive away in our department ever since then it has not been the same. I moves to another department and it there is no advance ment to move up","Pre Foreclosure Supervisor","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 2, 2020","3.0"
"Stable workplace with great customers ","If you're a solid employee, this is the job for you to stay long term! Customers are regular and you really get to know them, which I liked... the only issue I had was the high school feeling work environment among my peers. Talking behind others backs but nice to their faces. It just isn't how I am and made me uncomfortable ","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville, IN","August 2, 2020","4.0"
"Only care about selling","Sell sell sell sell. No concern about customers, no care for anyone else as long as the bank makes a boatload off money. Lots of pitting branches against each other as well as pitting coworkers against each other to see who can sell the most credit cards or loans. All this company cares about is sucking customers into products to make sure they keep them stuck with this garbage bank. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bentleyville, PA","July 29, 2020","1.0"
"Very big on diversity and inclusion"," this bank doesn't pay the highest among banks. Their incentive program is competitive for top producers. They do care about their employees and their facilitation is to notch.","Branch Manager Sr","Current Employee","Lambertville, NJ","July 29, 2020","4.0"
"Disappointed ","I've been with this bank for almost 5 years now. It is a great place for advancement and benefits. It stops there though. You are 100% stressed constantly and management could care less about you. Very contradicting. Sad for a company who strives so hard to be inclusive and diverse. Overall just disappointed in the way they have handled themselves the last few months. Was hoping this would be a place I could retire from. Not so sure anymore. ","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","USA","July 26, 2020","3.0"
"Great Mission Statement","Great Mission statement that as a corporation they stand by. It is what drew me in the first place after work for several smaller banks that did not abide by their mission. Fair pay, not the best, but they make up for that with other benefits that are there for their employees to take advantage of. They like to promote from within. Which is always a plus.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indiana","July 26, 2020","5.0"
"Excellent Benefits ","I enjoyed my teammates and my job duties. I was really hurt when it was announced that our branch would be closing. Their training has provided me the blueprint to work at other financial institutions. They train as if you have never had cash handling experience which is great. ","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","Federalsburg, MD","July 25, 2020","4.0"
"Was okay to work at","Was okay to work at With really fun and smart coworkers located from different parts of the country and world so it was nice to work with such a diverse group of people. ","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2020","3.0"
"The Culture is Awesome","I only left this bank due to health issues and then a move out of the call center area in Jacksonville. I loved working for them. As a closer they broke down the closing position. You reviewed the loan. Created the CD and closing package. After that. You passed it onto your assigned Funder. It was efficient and less stressful.","Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 24, 2020","5.0"
"Remote work,balance work and opportunity to learn new technologies.","It's nice place to work as remote work is always opened. Good place to work and learn the new technologies. One of best thing is working culture as there are no discrepancies between contractor and permanent employee. ","Technical Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2020","5.0"
"Sweatshop without work/life balance","I worked for this bank for 14 years before leaving without another job lined up because I preferred unemployment during a pandemic (without UC pay) over working for this company another day. this bank totes work/life balance and pretend to care about people, yet nothing is further from the truth. You are a number and a slave. You will be reminded you are lucky to be employed during a pandemic and they will hold that over you as a scare tactic to force you into more and more work without compensation.","Legal Document Review Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2020","2.0"
"Working with the public","Good company, lots of training, managers were all great to work with. Lots of opportunities to work in different locations. Advancement from within. Overall good","Sales and Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Newark, OH","July 20, 2020","4.0"
"Loved every minute ","I had so much support, when my personal life started to conflict with my work life (my child has a disability) they worked with me so much. this bank is truly a work family. ","Virtual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","July 18, 2020","5.0"
"Poor middle managent","Like with many companies middle management lies and mostly threatens if you don't meet insane sales quotas. Denies this of course then turns into a your work vs theirs.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","July 18, 2020","1.0"
"Do not recommend","while you are compensated fairly. Those above you don't actual care about you as a person. So much terrible stress placed on your to up-sell customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Willowick, OH","July 18, 2020","3.0"
"Help me","I'm at top of scale & have not gotten my 1% increase in over 2 yrs. I've submitted many postings with no results. I can't live on this. My insurance benefits are great.","Trade Services Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 18, 2020","1.0"
"Never Had Such a Great Employer","The workplace culture is great! Everyone know one another and you are treated as a person and not a number. There is a strong sense of family at this company and is the foundation of everything. They understand that you have a life outside of work and are always willing to work with you on scheduling. Benefits are great and PTO is best I have had compared to other companies. Most people who work here have been with the company for years. Overall, a great company to work for!","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Pen Argyl, PA","July 17, 2020","5.0"
"Front line workers treated unfairly","Find another place to work. No loyalty to long term employees. Unethical company. Tellers are underpaid and undervalued. The make the least amount of salary, but provide a valuable service to the company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","July 16, 2020","2.0"
"I was told banks were cheap, but this was ridiculous","When before i was first hired by this company as a SAS administrator, i was a contractor. After i accepted the job, but before i was fulltime, the company cut my hours to 24 hours/we. After I started fulltime they were working me 55 hours a week (lost $ contracting and now I was salary). That continued until June when they hired another person they had been promising since I started. Never again skill","SAS Administrator","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","July 13, 2020","2.0"
"great company to work for!","great company good pay great colleagues to work with no complaints staff and managers are very nice and amazing after awhile it is kinda like being with family","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Haddonfield, NJ","July 12, 2020","5.0"
"All good","A lot of self learning. System was a bit outdated but they were trying to improve. They were migrating to a new software application and i left before that happened.","Business Sales and Service Associate I","Former Employee","Raritan, NJ","July 12, 2020","5.0"
"Micro managed to death","Serious micromanagement in the corporate office. The benefits were excellent, the flexibility in schedule was decent, the pay wasn't awful the metrics required for bonuses were nearly impossible to attain.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 9, 2020","4.0"
"Branch management is fantastic","good company to work for. Its my second time working with the company. Great benefits including time off and 401k and pension plan. Medical and dental and vision","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Maryland","July 9, 2020","5.0"
"Decent work/life balance but overall you are just a number","I worked for this bank for over eleven years and yet I can sum up my thoughts on the company with one example and just a few sentences. In the department where I worked, the employees were grouped into teams which usually consisted of a dozen or so people, a team lead, and a manager. Our group of eight consultants and a team lead received a new manager after our manager retired. At the time, all nine of us had each been with the company for no less than ten years (and some over twenty). Within less than two years of this new manager taking over every single consultant and the team lead left by either transferring to another department, quitting, or retiring early. No one in upper management even noticed. The work itself isn't difficult but it does require a certain amount of knowledge and the training is insufficient. Communication between departments is chaotic and confusing and while the pay isn't terrible, raises are non-existent. As far as advancement, it depends on what department in the bank that you start from. If you begin in certain areas, no matter what degree or what experience you have you will be judged as being 'less than' and forced to advance in baby steps, often making lateral moves. That being said, there are opportunities to work from home and overall the job is kind to working mothers and fathers/young families.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2020","2.0"
"Overall good","Was a teller for a year and half. Overall good experience but pay could have been better. Enjoyed set schedule and holidays off. Good intro into banks.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Aberdeen, MD","July 7, 2020","4.0"
"Unless you're dead inside, find something else","I've put in five years at this place and have watched really good employees get fired for really bizarre reasons, such as following a directive from a superior. Customer abuse is rampant, which is why, unless you're adept at burying all emotions, this is not a good job.","Escalation Manager","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","July 6, 2020","2.0"
"Workplace culture","There was no diversity at the branch I was employed at. Basically, there was preferential treatment towards a certain race. this bank as a corporation must first start educating within the branches before they donate anything to help the racism in America. My branch was racist and it was brought to upper management's attention.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Northwest Indiana","July 4, 2020","1.0"
"Would never recommend this employer","This bank does not care about their employees or are loyal to their employees. They hire people in at higher rates than the employees that currently worked there. ","Teller","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","July 3, 2020","1.0"
"Great people to work with besides the manger.","The overall experience is great to just get started, but like anywhere with customer service, there will be some bad apple customers. But the manger will not have your back at all even if she says something her way and finds it wrong at a later date or even a few minutes after and will through all the blame on you. Claiming people come in late to work but she does not even open the bank on time and even with proof that you are there earlier than her she will still tell you to be earlier. The best way to explain is; you expect me to come into work on my computer ready to go with everything at 8:30 am, however, how am I to achieve that if you are rolling into the parking lot at 8:28 am. It is physically impossible. Overall very toxic. Also, the turn over rate in my five months working there was 8 people! Like how is that not a problem! Mind you my original plan was to stay there for three years to save money and maybe even move up the latter.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","June 30, 2020","2.0"
"Good pay and Benefits. Good Schedule. ","The management in different branches is the biggest downfall of the company. The higher ups are great and very encouraging, but the lower end of management can sometimes be disrespectful and can play favorites. Over all, the pay for the work is outstanding as far as banking goes, and the work environment is fun within your coworkers as long as you build good relationships. It is important to follow the policies and to watch out for yourself, because sometimes, I did witness multiple people fired and punished for one persons mistake simply for staying quiet about a mess up. If you're interested in banking and finance, I would definitely recommend this bank. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Alabama","June 29, 2020","4.0"
"The employees ","Bad place to especially the banking industry to many people leave un happy or be force to leave that the banking industry in Pittsburgh especially the contract security to much turn over ","Allied Universal Security Services","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2020","1.0"
"Great place","It's a nice place to work. They care about their employees and do what they can to keep us safe. Would like to learn more and advance in my career as a banker.","and BSSA","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","June 28, 2020","5.0"
"Nice place to work ","Amazing place to work, management is always there to help you grow in the company Really good trainings techniques Good benefits and compensation for all employees ","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","June 27, 2020","5.0"
"Awful","Awful. You are just a number for sales. They don't care about lower level employees. Stuff rolls downhill. Wouldnt recommend. Sales calls at night weekly.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Maryland","June 27, 2020","1.0"
"I enjoy my job and my title at this bank.","I enjoy my job and what I do. My favorite aspect is being able to train and coach employees and watch them grow. Helping them reach their goals is what makes me feel great about my job","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Mifflin, PA","June 26, 2020","5.0"
"don't recommend","Morale horrible. Don't care about employees. Promotions are unlikely. High turn over. Cheap company. it is about who you know. High layoff rate. Do not recommend","Loan Credit Workout Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 25, 2020","2.0"
"Love my job!","I love it. I have started a career I know i can move in and be comfortable where i am at. Just wish there was an opening closer to home, but still hopeful.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Muskegon, MI","June 25, 2020","5.0"
"get place to work","enjoyed the culture, management and ability to be promoted. short staffed branches caused a stressful work situation. hardest part of the job was managing all of the responsibilities while being short staffed","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Akron, OH","June 25, 2020","4.0"
"Micromanaged","I am not sure about the company as a whole, but my particular department was poorly managed from top to bottom. If you want to be micromanaged with your voice never being heard, then work here.","Quality Assurance Officer","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 23, 2020","2.0"
"Don't waste your time","The only reason I'm here is because I don't have another job yet. The pay is horrible the work load is insane and you get paid dirt to do everything. The system is behind in the times compared to other financial institutions. They do not care about the safety of employees and if there is inclement weather they WILL NOT close.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Tarboro, NC","June 22, 2020","1.0"
"Transparent and predictable","They are pretty transparent with the workload you'll be expected to perform, however it is a very mundane position and can only be described as unstimulating.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","June 22, 2020","3.0"
"No work life balance"," this bank does not care about the employees work life balance. They will have you working from open to close and then complain that they have to pay overtime. If you are management you can forget about having a life.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pikesville, MD","June 20, 2020","1.0"
"freindly co-workers and environment","would like to work here again laid back atmosphere but still accomplished goals and deadlines, Great cafeteria. nice workspaces, individual for each employee. Friday Jean day.","Project Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2020","4.0"
"Watch out for man behind the curtain"," this bank has a great front until the layers are peeled back. management there is subpar. There are decent benefits and the CEO is brilliant. However, there is a people problem that exists that most management chooses to ignore.","Finance Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2020","2.0"
"Not worth it","They don't care about work life balance and do not care about employees. Training sucks and demands high performance. You get written for minimal things and be prepared to see new people getting best schedules and better pay.","Customer Representative II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 17, 2020","1.0"
"An","Again I have no desire to offer a review. Solid foot print for moving within company. Lots of different business lines. Work life balance can be tough depending on where you work.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 17, 2020","3.0"
"Too many goals and. Not enough tellers on the teller lines to do what was expected.","Not good. Closed most community branches...too big a company now......not about the workers at the branches only the higher ups get the best benefits and bonuses. Too much about the fees and not the customers or employess.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Millersburg, OH","June 17, 2020","2.0"
"Hum not the company you want to work for.","don't take any position in Horsham. Its a horrible place to work in. Favoritism and unprofessionalism is what reigns in that place.Stay away from such a job environment.","Transaction Coordinator","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","June 16, 2020","1.0"
"Beware!! Wolf in sheep's clothing!","Want to experience high levels of stress? Want to experience confusion at unimaginable levels and suffer for things and situations that have nothing to do with you?, by all means go to work in this place. At this bank, communication and training are poor. High sales make you golden and untouchable no matter what you do, while low sales make you a target. Upper management do not listen and lower level management most are simply stupid. Valuable time is often spent on the ridiculous at the request of mngt and then these same people try to behead you when the important things get left at the way side. This was not my worse employment experience ever but it's definitely one of worse that I can remember from recent years.","Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 9, 2020","1.0"
"great company to work for","it a great company to work for a diverse company environment and volunteering in the community i am looking to relocate and my current job will no longer be a position within the company","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","June 8, 2020","5.0"
"An incredible place to work if you're happy in the same position forever","You will not be promoted, you will not get a raise, you will never be granted a bonus unless you leave and then come back. It became a joke when coworkers would leave this bank, go to BNY Mellon for a year or less, then come back at a 40% pay increase. Working at this bank is amazing and I hope to return some day, but it is with the full expectation that the job that I enter in is the job that I will leave in.","Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","June 4, 2020","5.0"
"Good Place","Awesome maternity leave and vacation. Poor bonuses, and raises. Hard to get promoted, not too many openings. Overall, OKAY. Need better health benefits.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Howland Center, OH","June 2, 2020","4.0"
"Ideal first job for new college grads"," this bank was the perfect place to start my career. They allowed for a smooth transition into full time work. The people you meet while working at this bank are what make the job so enjoyable.","Internal Auditor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2020","5.0"
"Poor training, filthy work environment, low pay"," this bank does a very poor job of training new employees. The branches are filthy and there is no way to social distance and the employees do not wear masks to keep each other, the customers or their families safe. It is an atmosphere of intimidation","Teller","Current Employee","Southern Ohio Northern Kentucky","May 29, 2020","1.0"
"Not the best place to work","Where do I start? The downtown district manager was arrested years ago for meth charges, they hire incompetent people to be managers, they don't promote from within","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 28, 2020","1.0"
"Basically if your not dating someone on the inside your screwed","This place is a soap opera THE WHOLE COMPANY from the call center to the bank ceo i new his family and wife very stuck up thinks everyone owes them etc now this kinda behavior also trickledown through the whole bank after other ceo retired they changed from ppo health care to hsa and transformation of call center was horrible so now everyone works from home and the big new renovations on smithfi","customer service inbound callcenter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 26, 2020","1.0"
"I worked diligently @ this bank. Platform w/licenses, BA. MBA. High raye equity loans, investment appointment with easilt 80% show rate. Given minimal salar","Internal culture was cutthroat. Much bickering among branch managers and stealing of client accounts between branches. Trained 5 new managers in 4 years. Territorial manager gave out minimum salary increases to increase his own. Training program a joke. Most trainers independent consultants who knew. little abt ' this bank' policy&procedures. Lied to at hiring. Guaranteed series 6/63 training in 3 month. Did not hv it for 2 YEARS during which I lost commissions on monthly basis. toto at hiring. Guaranteed to at hiring.. Was guaranteed series 6/63 training in 3 series6/63series 6 and 63 training in 3 months. this bank","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Rumson, Fairhaven NJ","May 25, 2020","1.0"
"Good","Overall, a great experience working for this company. They offer many great tools and resources that further enable you to advance your skillset and produce the best quality work.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Vandalia, OH","May 20, 2020","5.0"
"Overall great company to work for","Great work/life balance. Pay was decent but needs improvement when it comes to raises. Employees should not be penalized for being internal by being capped on increases where externals are paid much higher.","BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Canal Fulton, OH","May 18, 2020","4.0"
"* years good job security","No advancement or significant pay increases over 8 years but enjoyed every day at work. Began volunteer work through this bank the first month on the job. Impressive with community involvement and participation with equality events in Jacksonville, FL.","Early Intervention Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 17, 2020","5.0"
"Teller supervisor","$28,000 was not a lot for a teller supervisor. Great Company to work for they really care about growth and development. But the pay didn't match the job requirements","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","May 12, 2020","5.0"
"Excellent and Success"," this bank treated me as if I were family. I rank them as probably on of the best organizations I have ever worked for. If given the opportunity to return on day I shall.","Vendor Relationship Risk Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 8, 2020","5.0"
"Management is Poor","I am a current employee of this bank for the customer care center and dealing with the management and other departments is more of a hassle than the customers and that should not be. There is a lot of conflicting information and they don't seem to care about their customers or employees.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","May 8, 2020","2.0"
"Productive work environment","A typical day at work is 8hrs. There is a Lot of scope to learn while working. Perfect work life balance. Great workplace culture. Best part of the job was ownership of your task and supportive management","BI Developer Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 8, 2020","4.0"
"Disappointing","Typical day of work requires being asked to do things that are not within your job description. The workload is tremendous and the pay does not equal what is asked of you.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Dunkirk, MD","May 6, 2020","2.0"
"Always threaten your job","They don't even properly train you or give you a study guide to review. They have you doing these guides online and that's it, setting you up for failure","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","May 5, 2020","3.0"
"The best project team so far","The overall experience was good. The team leader was so good to everybody. it was a very fast pace working environment which helped me learned a lot. they really demanded a lot from me which intern made me very successful in what i do","Junior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","May 2, 2020","4.0"
" this bank is liars","They are a terrible place to work for. They had me fire multiple people for lies just to get rid of them. They had me not hire someone because they didn't like their teeth. A bad dishonest place to work","Vice President - Senior Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 1, 2020","1.0"
"Opportunity for Growth","Most enjoyable part was seeing clients evolve and grow in their financial well-being and success. I learned how to multitask in a universal setting that teaches flexibility and time management.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Claymont, DE","April 28, 2020","5.0"
"Nice work life balance","Nice work environment, valuing employees. Scheduled fun events very often and managers are willing to help make the work environment feel like a family.","Software Engineer III","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 24, 2020","4.0"
"Friendly co workers","Management wants you to reach you rate in three areas and they increase the speed of how fast you process payments. You sit for 7 plus hours processing payments if you get up and move around management looks you. If you decide to talk to your neighbor you get a slap in the wrist my management.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","April 24, 2020","2.0"
"Structured bank environment heavily focused on new business","There are opportunities, but a heavy focus is on sales and bringing in new business. This isn't unexpected or necessarily bad, but it can seem as though sales is prioritized and rewarded over other areas such as customer service. If you are good at sales, it can be rewarding. The politics and other people trying to get ahead can eroded the sense of trust and team environment. The regulations in the banking industry make it difficult for any problem solving or outside the box thinking. Very focus on risk control and compliance. Turnover in the management level is high and a lot depends on the quality of your senior management team.","Market Director - Institutional Investments Group","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 23, 2020","3.0"
"Thought it was innovative, but it wasn't","I am still employed there. I do not like working there. I enjoy my coworkers but it is a bit chaotic for me. One department does not know what the other department does. Sometimes trying to get the simplest things done for my customers would take forever. The pressure to open accounts was unbelievable. The pressure for referrals was unbelievable. Like I got called into my managers office because none of my business referrals panned out. Despite me basically harassing them to set up and confirm appointments with my business banking partners who dropped the ball. The system was off where the branch was always off when it came to balancing and we often had to handle customer service calls that should have gone to a call center so that the calls could have been recorded. It was a nightmare.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 23, 2020","3.0"
"Grueling work","Payment remittance is grueling work. Long hours. This particular lockbox, lots of drama. Cliques, Bullies. Including management. Benefits are lacking.","Data Entry","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","April 20, 2020","1.0"
"Horrible Mentality"," this bank is a true northern bank they do not cater to clients in the south with the southern mentality the Raleigh Durham regional manager is a snake in the grass he waits for any opportunity to get rid of you they do not care about employees just shareholders","Service Associate","Former Employee","Graham, NC","April 17, 2020","1.0"
"Great place to work","Overall great place to work. I have had several managers that care about your personal development compensation at VP level and above is ver good. Great leaders","Senior Account Executive","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 15, 2020","5.0"
"Working at this bank","Honestly, this bank does not provide the tools to he successful in the workplace, either at home or in the office. In addition, management is mostly inept and you are stuck doing the same monotomous job, with no room for advancement. We were lied to in training when they talked about bonuses, programs for upper level education, a good work-life balance. I have been miserable since the day I starred in the phones.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 14, 2020","1.0"
"Friendly environment"," this bank is a nice place to work, LGBT friendly. One of the area's largest banks. Insurance benefits are good as well as company match for retirement benefits.","Branch Banker","Personal Banker","Cincinnati, OH","April 14, 2020","4.0"
"Great customer services","They here for the customer always providing good customer service. Offer different product that will benefit the customer. Provide the customer opportunity to bank online.","Teller","Former Employee","Margate, FL","April 13, 2020","4.0"
"Solid company that does a good job servicing its customers.","Employees are treated fairly, the company is concerned with employee satisfaction. The day to day job is satisfying. The only complaint is that compensation is average/below average.","Healthcare Banking","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 13, 2020","4.0"
"Not a supportive environment","Management is very unwilling to help and often blame you for things that are out of your control. They also promise a work and home life balance but are unwilling to help you achieve that balance.","Call Center Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 11, 2020","1.0"
"Productive Environment"," this bank is a trust worthy, inclusive company. A Typical day will vary from having different function roles including Money and non money based transactions.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","April 10, 2020","4.0"
"Worst job to be stuck at under paid."," this bank was a joke! I'm totally shocked to know they are still in business. These guys I heard changed I hope for the best. It was awful in the beginning they let every bit of somebody work there.It was sickening to see the things that we saw.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 10, 2020","1.0"
"Just okay."," this bank is a good place to work. However, based on my years of experience and my educational qualification, I would I have to say that I'm being underpaid. Also, the opportunity for growth is not there for me. I thought I would be able to move to a different position after some time; marketing department to be specific but unfortunately, that opportunity is not available at least for now. Also, the health benefit is not 100% coverage.","Bank Sales and Service Associate - BSSA","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","April 8, 2020","3.0"
"Good","its a good atmosphere to work with this place. iam really enoy to work here in entire project. here the work and the manager is given good support all time.","ETL Tester","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2020","5.0"
"Pn"," this bank was a great opportunity for it was diverse and offered many different positions. I had very good training and great leader, we received a award for our audits.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 6, 2020","5.0"
"Productive and enjoyable place to work.","My time at this bank back was very enjoyable. We were a smaller branch and you got to know every client well. Also this bank focused on giving back to the community and teaching children about banking.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Durham, NC","April 5, 2020","5.0"
"Typical day at work","Working hard during the business hours and try to learn new technology from other colleges and try to implement the new technology in my project if necessary.","Automation Test Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 5, 2020","5.0"
"Great","Great place to work. Employer cares about employees and their well being. Customer focused company. The benefits are top notch and they have a pension plan which most places don't anymore.","Branch Banker II","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","April 5, 2020","5.0"
"great benefits offer to employees","i been with this company for over 5 years, it is great company to work for. however my reason to change is i am looking for non branch or back office or corporate job.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Chapel Hill, NC","April 2, 2020","4.0"
"Great Experience","I was lucky enough to work for an excellent manager who gave me the time and respect I needed to get n=my job done. I wold recommend this firm to anyone looking for a financial advisory role.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","New Jersey","April 2, 2020","4.0"
"Quality Employer","Quality Employer, learned a great deal at this bank during my tenure. Well managed company with good talent. Our group was strucured well, we were able to deliver outstanding service.","Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 2, 2020","5.0"
"Favoritism, Discrimination, Men compensated better women","Unfair. Men paid more than women. Favoritism. Discrimination. Sabotage from Management . Leadership is fake. Whites & Hispanics always had first pick & other advantages that weren't available/options to black employees.","Banker","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","April 1, 2020","3.0"
"Severe micromanaged atmosphere","My manager was kind. No help when needed from support team and staff. It's like they pass the buck from one person to another. I should have known when the recruiter had a nasty attitude. The new hire Team Lead was rude, overbearing and a huge micro manager. I barely made it through the few hours scheduled to work. I hated being there.","Customer Support Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 31, 2020","1.0"
"Clique atmosphere","I was the first new hire the branch had in several years. They degraded everything I did and there was one woman in particular who would tell the branch manager that I was doing things that I wasn't. It was the best decision I've ever made leaving there.","Branch banker associate","Former Employee","Linglestown, PA","March 30, 2020","1.0"
"Stay away","This company draws you in with a 'false sense of caring' they will tell you they steer about quality of life, it's a lie. The pay is abysmal, the hours are long, there is no quality of life because they agree too busy trying to become what chase and bank of america are. Upward mobility is predicated upon your immediate manager liking you. Goals are only attainable if you do the impossible. It's a modern day boiler room where you must get sales for those higher than you before you can make it for themselves. Stay away!!","BSSA Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","NJ","March 28, 2020","1.0"
"Yes","No I do not wish to work for company any longer they lay-off to often every 3 years prepare for a lay-off so I would never work for them again because this.","Mail Clerk","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2020","3.0"
"Wonderful experience","Wonderful people to work with, diversity... Grateful, learned a lot, great customers, a very moderate work pace nost of the time, can be fast pace ever so often, attenion to detail needed all the time.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 25, 2020","4.0"
"Great Benefits, Good Team, tough place but good experience overall","Worked very very hard here. Long hours but got the job done. Place was confusing at first coming from a small business (non bank person). Learned a ton....","Senior","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2020","4.0"
"They Will Bleed You Dry","During this pandemic the company assessed the value of your health versus meeting their projected work output. Despite workers coming in sick they still asserted in was best for us to come in. Those of unable or unwilling to work were immediately dismissed.","Mortgage Reviewing Agent","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2020","3.0"
"Drama daily","If you are considering working for this bank Atlanta, reconsider. So much drama in the work environment and management as a whole only cares about themselves. You can never get anything resolved Because no one ever knows the answer. They always say I have to ask someone else. Team leads are clueless and are constantly giving you the wrong answers to questions. If you ever complain about anything they will retaliate","Processor","Current Employee","College Park, GA","March 25, 2020","1.0"
"Good work/life balance","In my short time here I enjoyed not only my work environment, but also my coworkers. We were a solid team who were always motivated to accomplish our goals and help each other succeed.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Thiensville, WI","March 24, 2020","4.0"
"Great Work-Life Balance","During hard times management was able to provide flexibility for my schedule to work around family life. After a certain amount of time they provide FMLA for those who need it. Advancement within the company is also extremely simple with a lot of dedication and hard work.","Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"Good companyp","I worked for the company for 13 years it had its good and bad but the good definitely outweighed the bad. I worked the graveyard shift my entire time at the company and it worked well for my lifestyle at the time","Ops Specialist","Former Employee","College Park, GA","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"Flexible schedule,","Greeting, provides a sense of welcome to all, and gives the Officer a chance to observe all entrants into bank branch. Always available for Branch Manager's security needs and concerns.","Security Guard Officer","Current Employee","Various locations","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"Main Street Bank","Great culture, wonderful benefits, good team spirit. Management cares about employees as people. Wonderful benefit of on-site back-up day care facility in Pittsburgh.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"i learned many things from there","company gives me opportunity to practice what i learned from school about marketing and customer service. but, management wasn't good enough to grow up with","Teller this bank","Former Employee","waters","March 22, 2020","5.0"
"Management is horrible"," this bank is a good company to work for but the manager at this location is horrible to work for. She is an compulsive liar and talks about all her employees behind their backs to other employees. She gives you nasty looks when you have a question to ask about your job, even though it is her job to be there for the staff. Worst manager ever very fake to employees and clients","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","March 21, 2020","1.0"
"Best decision I ever made.","I have never worked for a company who provided so many options for advancement or finding the right fit and branch, whilst paying very fairly and treating employees well.","Regional Resource Team Branch Banking Associate","Current Employee","York, PA","March 21, 2020","5.0"
"Not as incusive","If you have an opinion that differs with the management, you MUST keep it to yourself! They talk a big talk of diversity and acceptance, but there is no acceptance of any view that differs from theirs. Being in my 50's and the oldest employee in the branch, it was mentioned many times of how old I am. At the height of the COVID19 outbreak I found myself terminated for a procedural violation, well over a month from the occurrence. No coaching, warning or and disciplinary action taken, just termination. The violation in question had been done by other staff, in the past were I had to coach the staff member, and they are still employed. Finally, I was the third Teller Lead hired in the past year.","Teller Lead","Former Employee"," this bank Louisville Tower","March 21, 2020","2.0"
"Management loves to micromanage","Company says they promote work/life balance and always do what's best for the client. Definitely not true. Want you to work 50+ hrs a week as a salaried employee and make your employees sell clients products that they do not need or qualified to have or they get written up... Not a good company to work for unless you want to be micromanaged.","FINANCIAL CENTER MANAGER","Former Employee","Brevard County, FL","March 19, 2020","1.0"
"A wonderful co to work for!ðŸ’¯","This company is the best place I've ever worked! It is diverse and flexible and the people there are wonderful supportive and understanding! I am going to retire from here!","Customer Care Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 19, 2020","5.0"
"Work Culture Has Changed","Be cautious, check current reviews. Excellent company in 2012-2018 with positive employee culture, and growth opportunities in a customer focused environment. More recent strong pressure for financial growth, limiting opportunities for customers and employees. Hopefully this is a temporary change.","Retail Banking Officer","Former Employee","Wisconsin","March 18, 2020","3.0"
"May not be applicable now","I worked there over 10 years and when the 2008 crash happened, they made all the employees feel expendable. I worked there for 6 years and it was if you can't do it, there are plenty of people that can do your job. There are people who need work. They slashed their commission by 33 percent and made you feel like a terrible if you called out. I left the company for a bigger bank with a better commmision structure.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 18, 2020","1.0"
"Stable Job but Takes forever to get anything done.","Any effort takes a long time to progress. There are multiple levels of red tape that have to be cut through in departments you would not even imagine.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 18, 2020","5.0"
"It's overall just an okay place to work, nothing spectacular.","I've been working at this bank for some time now and I can honestly say that I'm just ready for a fresh start with a new company. The pay is mediocre for the level of accountability and overall sales expectations. The incentives are not good at all. I'm bored at my location that I work at ALL the time. I don't want to work for a company where my promotions or advancements in the company are PRIMARILY based on sales.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","March 18, 2020","2.0"
"Productive place to work with great teammates","Upbeat environment that requires plenty of attention to detail and time management skills. Consumer facing and high traffic times early in the morning and evening. Best part of the job was helping people improve their financial life.","VP","Former Employee","Sterling, VA","March 17, 2020","5.0"
"Ongoing training and opportunities for advancement"," this bank offered me the opportunity to work in a team environment encouraging me to succeed with training and motivation. It also allowed to use my skills as a corporate trainer.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","March 16, 2020","5.0"
"None","Horrible place to work managers there is horrible and the co-worker are fake. The area is racist you won't ever have to worry about me going back there","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Ephrata, PA","March 15, 2020","1.0"
"Wolf in Sheeps Clothing","A decent company to work for, good pay, great hours, good holidays. Will hurt you if you are not liked by those around you. If you step out of line or say something that isn't in line, you will be thrown to the wolves. Very much goal orientated on sales goals and calls to customers who literally don't want anything to do with you.","Banker","Former Employee","Quarryville, PA","March 15, 2020","3.0"
"Not a talent base company","No career development. No pay increases. No promotions. Inexperienced managers that come and go. Promotions are only for senior leadership. You advance only if you know people.","Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 14, 2020","1.0"
"Fun working environment","I will always recommend this company to anyone because this company actually helped me grow in my scrum career. The hardest part of the work was our daily stand-ups since we had distributed team but at the end its always enjoyable.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","7200 Wisconsin Ave,Bethesda, MD 20814","March 12, 2020","5.0"
"Pay","Before joining this bank I was making $18/hr with a temporary service, the recruiter for this bank position told me my pay would be close to $18/hr with shift differential they have gotten rid of shift differential and bonuses so my pay is $15.50 an hr O I did get a .24 raise my shift is between 11-10pm I've been here over a yr now. my shift is still the same and there have been several newbies after I started ,back to the pay they have taken the shift differential","Credit Card Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","March 12, 2020","1.0"
"Too long for promotions","If you have a passion to help people on their financial journey, this is a great opportunity. At any age demographic or money status, this bank has the tools to help","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","March 12, 2020","3.0"
"Great people, but a lack of cohesion","Management and coworkers were excellent. However there seemed to be very little collaboration between groups. Overall the work was very uninspiring and unchallenging.","Business Analytics Fraud","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","March 12, 2020","5.0"
"Upbeat, uptempo work environment with excellent support","My time at this bank was pleasant and exciting. The team I worked with was supportive and helped to motivate me to exceed goals. For the most part the compensation for the work done was competitive for the industry. Management did an excellent job of communicating goals and changes.","Mortgage Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","March 12, 2020","4.0"
" this bank is always trying to feed you","A Typical day at this bank includes being on the phones all day with your two standard 15 min brakes and one 30 min lunch which fly by. Time moves so slowly when your on the floor, your on the phone taking about 150 phone calls per day. I learned a tons there your in training every other month its a lot to take in at times but you get through it. the management is horrible there's never anyone around when you really need help and they have no issue throwing you under the bus to save their behind after they told you to do something. (always record your conversations while with management so you don't lose your job seen countless people fired for things they were told to do by management) The workplace culture itself is pretty good when your dealing with other employees someone is always trying to feed you. the hardest part of the job would be taking the back to back calls and getting yelled at by customer's and trying to keep good quality scores which is hard to do because your graded on the call you took even if its a ball call, if you don't have thick skin this is not the job for you. You will be screamed at cursed at ect. the most enjoyable part of the job is all the pot lucks like i said they love to feed you.","Fraud caseworker","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 11, 2020","3.0"
"Not a good working culture","At this bank, the sixth-largest bank in the country by assets, customers can earn a up to $300 sign-up bonus with a checking, short-term savings and long-term savings combo called Virtual Wallet. The trio of products â€” named Spend, Reserve and Growth, respectively â€” come with a nice set of online management tools. But the interest rate on savings is low, and it takes effort to avoid monthly fees on the checking account.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","March 10, 2020","3.0"
"Very processed","Love that job because it very processed and prepared everything to get ready collection sort of groups the mails then ready 10 key touch deposit into the system for the headquarter company in Philadelphia for all the companies who already pay the lease or whatever it is. I have good reason leaving the job due move out the State of Texas","Business Banker","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","March 10, 2020","5.0"
"Great work life balance"," this bank offers great work life balance. Upward movement can require relocation depending on where you are located. They offer good benefits and ok pay. It can be a great culture provided your direct manager is good.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Richmond, KY","March 10, 2020","3.0"
"Worst company to work gor","Will never return to them. Hated banking after I worked for them. Very rude unprofessional and unorganized company to work for. I do not recommend it to anyone . It's has a very odd culture","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Farmington Hills, MI","March 10, 2020","1.0"
"Meh","Management is terrible. I've only been here less than a year and we've already gone through 4 managers. Sometimes, I feel like management makes up rules as they go. I do like the 401k and spotlight benefits though. The pay is mediocre as well, it's a pretty, 'Meh,' job.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 9, 2020","2.0"
"100% Micromanaged","I've been at this bank for about 3 months and not a day goes by without me thinking if I want to come to work or call out. The system that this bank has is extremely outdated; to get a statement, you would have to go to 3 systems to get there. Not only is the system outdated but so is the building and furniture. Everything that you do here is micromanaged. With every customer, you have to write down their name and account number for a daily debrief where management would go over that and see where you had missed opportunities to make sales. You always have to click the insights whenever a customer is in front of you, if not, they get mad. They want to know why you wouldn't sell a 96 year old man a credit card. There's also cold calls you have to do. Upper management expect you to make 100 dials a week and have at least 2 appointments daily. If it's a holiday or you were sick, you have to make up those dials when you come back. They worry more about the dials than customer service. The training is horrible. They throw you into a pack of wolves with no protection. You learn while being on the job. Branch support will be your best friend because no one will help you. They also expect you to know everything about banking so you're able to deliver the insights. They would tell you to bring someone more seasoned into the conversations, but when you do, no one will reach out and you're made a fool out of yourself. Sales goals is ridiculous. You would have think after the Wells Fargo controversy, this bank would cut down on the aggression of sales. I've worked for several banks and thisÂ -Â more...","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 9, 2020","1.0"
"It's okay","I have no comment for this company. When I worked there I felt like the company only cared about getting sales instead of their customers needs and if they needed a personal loan or credit card or not and if they could afford it or not.","Teller","Former Employee","Zanesville, OH","March 8, 2020","3.0"
"good but stressful","I enjoyed working at this bank but was taking the stress and anxiety of the job home with me and it was affecting my home life. It also was becoming more about up-selling the customer to other products rather than just letting keep what they were comfortable with. I was not interested in high pressure sales.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Elyria, OH","March 8, 2020","4.0"
"Monotonous Work","Monotonous work with no clear career trajectory. Vague procedures and processes. Management does not help with providing clarity as they are unsure themselves of the correct processes.","Investment Service Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 8, 2020","2.0"
"Great place","Loved working there. Many perks, respect for the employee and their work environment. Good benefits and good pay. Have potlucks almost weekly and incentives that are amazing.","Inbound Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 7, 2020","5.0"
"Lots of flexibility and autonomy; not much opportunity for advancement","In my current role, I am able to work flex hours and remotely, giving me a lot of the flexibility I desire. Unfortunately, apart from my manager leaving, I have no room for advancement without completely changing my career trajectory. It's a good place to work overall, and I don't have many criticisms aside from advancement opportunities and overall pay. The flexibility makes up for a lot of those shortcomings though.","Quality Assurance","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2020","4.0"
"Great company","Overall this bank is a great company to work for, their benefits however are not the best, you get everything but they are expensive and have very high deductibles that have to be met prior to you insurance paying for everything. The pay is also something to be desired, their starting wages are great for those coming into the company, however for those employees that have been with the company not so much, even with job promotions you don't always get a raise with the promotion.","Teller","Current Employee","Sanford, NC","March 7, 2020","5.0"
"Flexible but with a trade off","Best thing about this bank is the flexibility. However you sacrifice salary and use of modern tech and practices. Their speed to market is painfully slow. There's always talk and planning about getting out of dated methodologies and tech stacks but in the 4 years I was there not much changed. For example, on the surface everyone gets 'Agile' training but in practice it's not always applied.","Software Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 5, 2020","3.0"
"Good","Working there was good. They need to consider and employees family and personal life a little better. Need to be flexible with employees with children.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 5, 2020","4.0"
"Beware","Most managers don't care and are very clicky. Upper management makes promises and doesn't follow through. Customer service makes more than this position with way less responsibility. Only perk is no weekends , unless mandatory overtime, and you have the opportunity to work remotely. No bonus, no advancement opportunities, coworkers are fake and will stab you in the back. The company as a whole does not care about their employees. HR is a joke and will miss info","Fraud and Lost Analyst - Credit Card Dispute Resolution","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 4, 2020","2.0"
"They don't care about their people only their profit margins.","If I could give zero stars I would. My manager was very close-minded and was not tolerant of others. They often spoke of politics and their political views regardless of who they might offend. They also berated their customers as soon as they had left the branch. It was a living nightmare and I dreaded going to work each day. I would not make that mistake again. Ever.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","March 3, 2020","1.0"
"Good culture, but prone to displacement.","Good place to work if you want to learn a lot of different things in the bank. Don't stay in one place too long, the raises and promotions are not great.","Consumer Credit Risk Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 2, 2020","4.0"
"Inept middle management","Managers hire based upon prior family/personal relationships and protect the under-performing staff by moving them to other units under their supervision.","Asset Management Group Operations","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 2, 2020","3.0"
"Great company","I worked from home with this bank and had such great support for my training team to when I started with my live team. The equipment they send was grear quality and the support team was very easy to work with. I loved the hours offered and the opportunities they set up for advancement.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 2, 2020","5.0"
"Good company","excited to work at this bank. good interaction with offshore and onsite. fun environment. worked hard. participated in complete stlc activities and lead the team","Lead IT Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2020","5.0"
"Good","Pay is great very flexible with hours will work around school schedules if you can't handle being yelled at all day then not the job for you loved explaining things to older customers","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 27, 2020","5.0"
"learning experience","The branch i was working was definitely a team.They are more focus on SALES than ensuring that whats fits a customer lifestyle & financial well being.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","February 27, 2020","4.0"
"a horrible culture","Not a great place to work. I would not recommend, culture is cut throat. Lack of management. This could be a great place to work if people would learn to respect one another and work cohesively together.","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Cresskill, NJ","February 27, 2020","1.0"
" this bank is a bank. They do not care about people.","Working at this bank was the worst employment experience in my entire career. The bank does not care about its people. It was a very TOXIC environment to work in.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","February 26, 2020","1.0"
"fast pace enviornment","The daily work load was simple. I assisted customers with withdraw or deposit cash and checks. Informed them on there bank account and offered different services and accounts we offer. Hardest part of the job was getting referrals at times.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","February 26, 2020","3.0"
"Would not recommend anyone to work here","Worse company I ever worked for no stability they don't believe in there representatives the fire for little things and don't allow a chance to defend yourself there unorganized and disfunctional rude and uninformative on what's going on very sneaky company and employees in hire up are rude and they don't care about there employees and customers complain a lot","Core consultant","Former Employee","Remote","February 26, 2020","1.0"
"Pleasant experience with coworkers","All my coworkers were great to work with. I got to meet many new personalities while working with this bank. It is very diverse in the group of individuals they hire. this bank gave me my first official job and it was a pleasant experience overall.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","February 26, 2020","5.0"
"THEE Best Job I Ever Had."," this bank gave me the skills and training needed to advance my career goals at a time when I had limited skills and work experience. I worked at a branch where everyone was a team player and 100% supportive. In a world where respect, professionalism and effective communication is lacking, this bank shines like a diamond.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 25, 2020","5.0"
"Nice to work with most of the people here.","Would be a great place to work but it was just a temp job. My supervisor was the greatest. Just did not have enough work to keep me there. The flexibility with the work hours was good too.","Data Entry Operator","Current Employee","Downtown Cleveland","February 25, 2020","4.0"
"High emphasis on sales in the retail branch","Sales is the number one priority in the retail branch environment. Emphasis is placed on workplace safety and teamwork among the branch employees. Management was in transition when I worked there.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Grove City, OH","February 25, 2020","4.0"
"Professional environment place to work and business oriented.","Business culture, optimitics, confident and companies changes. A large capacity for job change within the company and sometimes fun place to work like any other job company.","Customer Advocate","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 24, 2020","3.0"
"They absolutely do not care about providing tools for their employees to provide the best service possible.","I've been in the mortgage business for 27 years and I have never seen a company where the managers absolutely ignore questions for weeks after many emails sent and leaving the clients not knowing what is going on. The absolute most unprofessional place to work.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","February 24, 2020","1.0"
"Good culture and environment for development.","Workplace culture is good. Plenty of opportunities to learn and grow your career. The company expects employees to be engaged and for everyone to be put the customer first.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 24, 2020","5.0"
"Fair","I was satisfy with my pay.Thought it was fair enough based on my work.Love work life balance at this bank.It's a great place to work at also awesome people.","Retail Risk Monitoring","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 24, 2020","4.0"
"Promotions","Don't try to advance your career if your an older employee. I was one of the regions top sales associate but regional associate was determined not to promote.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Gastonia, NC","February 24, 2020","1.0"
"The worst place to work","The worst place I've ever worked at in the last 10 years since I've been working. The manager was crazy !! under-staffed it was was horrible they want you to do more than one person work in they don't pay you for it the part time working is like full timers and don't give them benefits. As a assistant manager there I quit after 90 days in to top it off I hurt myself in their premises lifting coins due to under-staffed. The only good thing I can say is they have locations around the area I live. Terrible place to work specially on the west side of Chicago.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 23, 2020","1.0"
"Great flexibility","Hard to advance. New employees coming in makes more than current employees. Very customer focused. They should look more at the other contribution a person brings to the company for promotion, not just their numbers.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","February 23, 2020","3.0"
"Good Company to work","Good place to Work. Lot of new technologies will be implemented. Friendly Environment. Enormous facility to the employees. Lot of technologies will be implement in their softwares","Senior Android Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2020","5.0"
"Productive and steady workplace.","A typical day is busy and quite soothing to be able to assist the customers. Although, there are numerous incoming calls, the work can be done so quickly.","Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 21, 2020","5.0"
"They are a great company to work for.","They are a great company over all. They care about their employees. They care about their customers. They give you the opportunity to advance your career and the opportunity to enjoy the work you do.","Property Tax Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 21, 2020","5.0"
"Good Company","Goals pin workers against each other. This makes the environment not a happy place . Bank really don't care about there workers. gvvvvcccplace..place to be","Branch Sales Service Associate","Current Employee","Barnegat, NJ","February 21, 2020","4.0"
"fair","The company was good to work for until they wanted us to work 6 days a week. The stress that working for the company has work and family balance, that was a lie. Upper management didn't care about employees well being. Customers didn't feel like management cared about the branch.","Teller","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 20, 2020","4.0"
"Definitely needs improvement","The location I was at is very much driven on favoritism and advancement is based off how well you are liked. There is no support and you are thrown to the wolves with very little training. The training was shadowing someone for three days then going to training to learn able how this bank is viewed by others. Nothing to do with things like TCR jams or foreign currency,etc. This is supposed to be soemthing you learn at the branch... but good luck with that.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, PA","February 20, 2020","3.0"
"Collections","Worked in collections while at this bank, all about hitting the numbers and producing. Everyday was very structured managers were helpful. Great benefits also","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 19, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work...culture is good...family oriented...care about employees well being. Very detailed training and ongoing training as needed or when requested.","Loan Closing Analyst - Funder","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 19, 2020","5.0"
"Regional Manager Trouble","This would be a great place to work if it was like the company was not too far away in NJ. Being in the Lehigh Valley has been beyond stressful and the regional manager only cares about sales and making sure she gets her bonus.","Banker","Current Employee","Lehigh Valley, PA","February 17, 2020","2.0"
"Great opportunity","Thai is a position of democratic responsibility customers with issues on closed accounts were directed to my department and going through every avenue to help them reach a closure with this bank","CUSTOMER SERVICE REP II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 17, 2020","4.0"
"Bad Cultute","They push you through training, tell you the opposite, and then everyone at the branch acts like you're not there. don't support new people, and still too obsessed with 'Lobby Management' for this day and age. Better and easier ways to generate business, but you can't cause of micromanagement.","Banker","Former Employee","Newtown, PA","February 17, 2020","2.0"
"A great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work the work can be difficult but everyone is very supportive. If you mess up it's a learning opportunity not getting in trouble which I love! They are very strict about sick days but HR is also very supportive for FMLA or ADA Accommodation.","Customer Care Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 16, 2020","5.0"
"Great company overall","Great company. Work life balance and remote positions available. Pay is below average due broad pay brackets. Company makes great profits but employees do not benefit from this.","Treasury Management Senior Sales Associate - Officer","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 15, 2020","3.0"
"Too much pressure","No work life balance and unrealistic goals Management is too concerned with own upper mobility than doing the right thing. Good pay but poor health benefits.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Youngstown, OH","February 15, 2020","2.0"
"Comfortable company to settle down in"," this bank prioritizes work-life balance in many (but not all) of its lines of business. Working in treasury management, employees typically are in the office 40 hours / week with the flexibility to work from home as needed. Projects are interesting and expansive as the company is a full service bank. Advancement occurs fluidly but salary often doesn't follow as quickly. These reasons make this bank a good place to begin your career or to settle into later on in your career, but not ideal to stay in with the intention to substantially boost salary","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 15, 2020","4.0"
"Great company","There are so many opportunities within this bank, and a lot of chance to move up within the company. Great benefits, and they are always working to improve.","Call Center Rep","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","February 13, 2020","5.0"
"Run from them","This place is a joke. I've worked here for 15 years. Hard working loyal employee. I'm now actively looking for another job, should have done it years ago but I kept expecting them to figure it out and do the right thing. They literally give you a pay decrease after factoring in inflation year on year even with exceeds expectations or better and sometimes none at all. Their managers are told to average out 1 to 2 percent increases for everyone and will move you and your managers evaluation of you lower to fit that (not just in pay but performance). They do nothing for the good of the employee beyond what they are guilted into via industry pressures or PR. The decisions they make are short sighted. HR and incompetency has convinced them they don't need to actually pay employees. 1+ BILLION in pure profit a quarter (that's 4 times a year) for over a decade in a row and they don't pay their employees at all. It's astounding and incredible to me this is allowed to occur. It's unethical, immoral, and corrupt. I don't say these things lightly. It hurts. I've worked there for a long time. I have many friends and family members that are also employed there.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Corporate","February 13, 2020","1.0"
"Good","I liked how family friendly this bank was. Your need were addressed when needed. Management was good and very understanding. The work environment was good as well.","Line Worker","Former Employee","Polo, IL","February 13, 2020","4.0"
"Company overall has great standards","Overall, it is a great company. Sometimes it is reflected in the individual departments. But, could use more consistency from one department to the next.","Operations Production and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2020","3.0"
"Middle/Upper Management sucks","No development given by upper management. Little support. No self accountability. No room for advancement! They hire from 'outside' not within this bank. They talk about it and boast about it, but the company's attrition rate in North Carolina is ghastly! Benefits?! average 401K/pension. Healthcare/vision/dental are very limited. Good Leave of Absence benefits. Work for a year, have a baby and/or adopt and you get 6+ weeks off!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Durham, NC","February 12, 2020","2.0"
"Excellent. Company","Flexibility , team work , opportunities to improve your self as a careers . Employees Benefices ...,,,,,,,,,,,,, ...., ..........,,,,,,,","Teller","Current Employee","Hazleton, PA","February 11, 2020","5.0"
"Universal account representative","Universal associates are cross trained to learn all aspects of customers accounts. However, the company is more about cross selling than customer service.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","February 11, 2020","3.0"
"Great personalities","The staff at the location I worked were very helpful. They made sure if I had any questions, that they were answer in a timely manner. They work with you hands on and side by side to make sure you understand the reason for the policies.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","February 11, 2020","5.0"
"work hard to move up and never get the chance","great branch mangers, i have learned so much about banking and i work hard to move up and never get the chance, hours are mostly the same until you aren't making goals then you need to work later","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","February 11, 2020","2.0"
"Innovative","Open new accounts, manage a team of 10, batch and balance teller stations, operation manager of the team. Increase sales and marketing, help customers open up loans, refer to mortgage department. Provide customer service","Team leader","Former Employee","Bensalem, PA","February 10, 2020","3.0"
"Culture","The best thing about this bank is the people and the workplace culture. Been here five years, best company I've worked for in 30 years of financial services. Highly recommended","Business Development Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","February 10, 2020","5.0"
"Rethink choice","Chaotic atmosphere, unnecessary stress, no one follows up on what they're going to do, blame others for mistakes instead of using that as a teachable moment","Telwr","Former Employee","Livonia, MI","February 10, 2020","1.0"
"Very Big","Hard to change culture, very rigid. The leadership changed on a monthly basis, so any new initiatives would immediately have to be changed. Very frustrating.","Public Funds","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 10, 2020","4.0"
"Needs much improvement","So far behind in technology and is not innovative at all. The company says it isn't focused on sales but uses activities as a facade to mask the pushing of sales!","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","Georgia","February 9, 2020","2.0"
"If you are PT you will work FT hours","Because of massive under-staffing, they will hire you in at PT and then inform you that your schedule is 'subject to change' - but you will not receive FT bonus payouts, FT benefits, or FT vacation perks. They DO NOT work with schedules, will not accommodate you if you have school, kids, etc. In my experience, this bank was not forthcoming about this information, which had they been during the time of my interview I would have saved myself and them some time and not taken the job. They are not upfront and honest about how they will work you like a FT employee even though you accepted a PT position.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Canal Winchester, OH","February 9, 2020","1.0"
"Productive place to work","Fast paced department. Which is deadline and detailed oriented. Immediate VP Manager and Instrutor are always show their appreciation. Remaining patient, uplifting and positive. It was an amazing experience working by their side. The most enjoyable part is problem solving and learning different ways to conquer and balance issues. Also providing exceptional customer service. And being challenged mentally meant everything.","Operations Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 8, 2020","4.0"
" this bank needs to quit micromanaging","It is worst employee friendly companies I have ever worked for. Their systems are antiqued. The sales culture is extremely flawed. They are not in tune with today's workforce.","BSSA","Current Employee","Michigan","February 7, 2020","1.0"
"Great job","There is no room for growth, but the job is easy and everyone makes coming to work worth wild. You are given the chance to learn several different jobs in the company.","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","February 7, 2020","5.0"
" this bank Isn't What It Seems","After nearly 5 years, and this bank reporting record earnings, I've not received more than a 1.5% increase and it's the only job I've ever had with no bonus dispute the fact that in each yearly review I'm told the I 'exceed expectations '","Regional Supervisory Manager","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 7, 2020","3.0"
"Terrible management"," this bank can't hire any loan officers due to the accuracy of bad management, vanilla products and green processing/ underwriting reputation it has. No one is capable or willing to help you because they are lazy and looking out for themselves. Very poor mortgage department.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Akron, OH","February 6, 2020","1.0"
"Bad","Is a terrible company don't work there is no good for you. Supervisor is not a professional person and doesn't care about your hard work and the manager instigated.","I was Represented","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","February 6, 2020","1.0"
"Just go do your job and leave.","It feels like everyone is now micro managed. In this bank you either get no manager or you get a manager that is on a constant power trip as he tries to run his branch like it was his own family and try to disclipine and speak to their branch employees like kids. Theyll give you excuses as to how they care about your life. But in reality most managers make you feel guilty for taking your sick time. While they get to leave when ever they want to no control at all, you are stuck working your 40 hours","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC 20036","February 5, 2020","3.0"
"Higher ups are very strict","Normal banking hours with 2 sat per month, management is aggressive, it is a goal oriented position with good hours. Make for sure you are meeting your goals","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland Heights, MO","February 5, 2020","4.0"
"Productive and great company to work for","Productive and great company to work for. They have a great training system and amazing staff. Loves giving back to the community. One of the best companies I have worked for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","February 5, 2020","5.0"
"Fun workplace","A typical day would be having a morning huddle to make plans on how to achieve monthly goals. Discuss a schedule for all team members for lunch breaks and Lobby management.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 5, 2020","4.0"
"small caring team environment to work in"," this bank provides extensive training and there's always someone to talk to and ask for help. Management can be better; honesty and straight forwardness are much better than going around and creating drama at management level","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Bay Village, OH","February 5, 2020","4.0"
"Just Didn't Fit In","If you don't fit in with them, then they will fire you before your 90 days at will time is up. I did all my work, extra assignments even went above and beyond. But because of the fact, my character didn't fit in with their character, I was let go.","Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","February 5, 2020","2.0"
"Great people to work with","Great place and people to work with, great benefits, 401K and Pension. Products and services are among the best in class. Job is fast pace but great eco partners in the branches.","Vice President Merchant Account Executive","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 4, 2020","4.0"
"Work life balance and best place for work","Its environment friendly and good, Management is very good . Personal growth is good here. Its USA largest bank so secure to work here in compere to other firm.","ETL Informatica Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 4, 2020","5.0"
" this bank","Overall an excellent place to work. Work life balance is respectful. Opportunities for advancement are limited, and training is a work in progress but generally overall a great work environment.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bethlehem, PA","February 4, 2020","4.0"
"Diverse"," this bank is inclusive and diverse. The pay is fair and they offer great opportunity for advancement. If this is a field you are interested in, it is a great company to work for","ANALYST I - LINE MANAGEMENT","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 3, 2020","5.0"
"Remote availabilty","Remote availability for some positions allows for a concrete work/life balance. Managers can be easily reached for communication and there is a company culture of community.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 3, 2020","3.0"
"Incredible place to grow and make your work home.","Loved working at this bank! There are so many different opportunities and as long as you were being led by a strong leader who valued your individual and team contributions, it was a place to call home for a very long time.","Training and Coaching Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 3, 2020","5.0"
"I belive the core company is good, but the local managers and staff were terrable!","It's a mortgage job. The company over staffed at my time of higher and then needed to let us go quickly. Also the manager I worked for was not honest at all. One person can really bring a company down. The company itself is ok, although I was not there long. so I cannot say to much.","Home loan processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 3, 2020","1.0"
"i felt trapped and my boss only focused on the negative","Unfortunately, after over 20 years in the company i loved one manager left a very sour taste in my mouth by choosing to isolate, trap and discharge me .","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Paoli, PA","February 3, 2020","1.0"
"Great Opportunity","I loved this bank. I left on good terms to pursue my dream in retail. I had awesome support team members and Supervisors. I loved how they would QA us on calls and give us Feed back. I miss it.","Collection Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 1, 2020","5.0"
"good work life balance but the compensation isn't there"," this bank is a great place to work with energizing people and a good culture for inclusiveness. If you are looking to come in, do your job and leave for your personal activities its a great place to work. Upward mobility can be a struggle for those looking to quickly climb the ladder.","Payment Services","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 1, 2020","4.0"
"Stressful enviroment with lack of motivation to excell from management","The management and the cuture is not inclusive of all employees. The cuture of this bank shifted to a sales based culture and not a customer focused culture with the management currently in place.","Business Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","Boardman, OH","January 31, 2020","3.0"
"Decent company if you get into the right department","Plenty of office politics, great opportunities, but there are potential land mines to navigate that can derail a career. Fall into the wrong project and you can be sidelined. They are the big fish in the market, so that makes it hard to negotiate salary once you're hired. So negotiate upfront and be prepared to live with that decision. Good benefits, decent enough work/life balance for some, lots of overtime for others. For this I'd give it a mixed review. If you're the right candidate, you can find your niche.","Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2020","3.0"
" this bank Culture","The culture at this bank is inviting and collaborative. Great teams to work with to help meet the needs of the client and flexibile work life balance. The bank is expanding as well.","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 30, 2020","4.0"
"Employees are just another number","Most managers in the region that I worked were not qualified to give the tools to help advance employees. They were either not motivated or simply not skilled. Benefits were great, pay was okay, last but not least the technology was outdated and slow. You'd find yourself apologizing to the customer about wait times and rebooting computers daily. I tried but no growth.","Banker","Former Employee","Chicago land area","January 30, 2020","1.0"
"Poor Management","Management does not appear to respect employees from the beginning: many interviews, sometimes no communication afterward, no return phone calls after demanding time prior to hiring; the largest concern is sales and what the employee can do for the company rather than ensuring the company also fits into some of the employee's needs for better morale. It's hypocritical to ask that customer facing employees perform perfectly while hiring managers and branch managers have little to no people or communication skills, lack of etiquette, and lack of basic courtesy. Not everyone that applies to this bank carries a nothing more than a high school diploma and there are people in the workforce who would like to be treated with some form of dignity. If you live in Southern Maryland and you would like to be treated fairly and with respect, look and apply elsewhere. If you are simply looking for a paycheck and a learning stepping stone but do not care so much about how you are treated, go for it.","Teller","Current Employee","Solomons, MD","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"They don't care about their employees","Honestly an awful place to work, it's extremely stressful and know one helps you. Managers don't care, and it's very hard. You can't take a bathroom break without getting yelled at.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"Customer service","We always were to be at work on time and use our breaks and lunches on time. ut customers always came first. We always had a potluck on Fridays and helped the community on assigned days.","Customer service rep","Former Employee","4661 East Main Street, Columbus, OH 43251","January 29, 2020","4.0"
"Poor management","They're all over the place, no one knows what's going on within the company. I enjoyed my first 3 years but it's gone downhill. I wish they would value their employees.","SENIOR MORTGAGE PROCESSOR","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"Job position not as described","Originally viewed as a bank teller position with some sales. Highly aggressive direct sales position that was not as described. As an in store sales associate, you were required to walk around grocery store and try to get people to open up accounts/ credit cards. Management was fairly new and didn't offer support. Their main response was 'what can I do to help you get more customers?' Bank was very short staffed and you are often found alone with little to no support should issues arise when you are new.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Middletown, NJ","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"Positive encouragement","Management did a great job to make me feel valued and helped me advance my career. Pay could be better. Some branches offer the availability to mobile representative working in different locations.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2020","5.0"
"don't believe your Recruiter","The recruiter that offered me the job stated to me, and I recorded it, that i would only be working a couple nights a week and mostly during the day the latest i would work on a day shift would be 7:30 pm. THAT WAS A TOTAL LIE!! I have been working until 10 pm every night, it has stressed my family out to where they cant take it anymore that they never see me but for a couples hours here and there EVEN when I work from home. My cable bill and such almost tripled because i have to have the high internet and home phone, and they don't offer any kind of perks for that. The good side is, they provide all of your equipment.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Remote","January 29, 2020","3.0"
"Na","I got to work with awesome co workers, leads and managers. The pay was low but the bonuses made up for the low pay. You controlled your own bonus. It wasn't easy but if you took the recommendations it was easy.","CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","January 29, 2020","4.0"
"Financial Specialist","This position reports to two managers. Difficulty lies in whether the managers work together or not. In my case, they did not. It resulted in a hostile work environment and impossible job requirements. Its a great bank but the internal structure was bad.","Financial Specialist I","Former Employee","Florida","January 28, 2020","4.0"
"Advanced Digitial Channels"," this bank by far offers the best technology and digital channels to its clients. Has a unique branch layout of universally all team members are able to assist clients","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","January 28, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to start a career for the most part","Overall this is a great job to grow with. I would recommend going in as a plat form member though. Being a teller means you have the most transaction in the bank. Meaning they constantly set high goals for you to reach.which wouldn't be bad, but they keep making it harder to hit the incentive goal. meaning you don't get the incentive pay. Since i started they have taken 3 things away that would've been a referral for us. meaning now its even hard to hit the goal. also when you are hired on, they say it isn't a sales job, but it really is. They want us to push credit card offers, and that's fine and all, but asking the same person more than once is rude. especially when its not in the customers best interest all the time. We also don't get a lot of new customers in the branch. most of them are older, or have some debt. Generally those customers do not want a new credit card. But we are told to ask and make sure they leave with a hand out. even if you hit your referral goals, its never good enough..","Teller","Current Employee","Springfield, OH","January 28, 2020","4.0"
"Good benefits, mediocre compensation, difficult to advance to upper management"," this bank in my opinion is a good starting ground. Advancing in lower positions is very achievable, but advancing to upper management is impossible... The pay is okay, not the highest, but still better than most. Incentive plan is mediocre, unless in a very high traffic/ high net worth area. Benefits like healthcare and vacation are very good. Work culture is inviting, but certain policies in place allow for employees to slack and really not get punished (my own branch experiences).","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Current Employee","Vero Beach, FL","January 27, 2020","3.0"
"This is a great job","I have loved working at this bank. They offer so many great benefits. They offer a flexible schedule. And they always care about their employees. They have bonuses and great team work.","Teller","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","January 27, 2020","5.0"
"Experience does not matter.","Follow the leader whether or not you follow his point of view. If you are looking to be an individual, look elsewhere. This company wants you to fit into a very square hole; even if you are an exceptional circle.","RESGISTERED SALES SENIOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2020","4.0"
"None","Best inquire jobs with this bank HR recruiters or connect with employees via LinkedIn or find contract companies to work with this bank. Find someone to connect to help you get a job at this bank.","IT Senior Business Analyst - Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 26, 2020","4.0"
"good company","Great company to work for. The company provides excellent training to their employees for growth. Good benefits. Good hours. Good pay. And great managers. this bank follows their Core Values and stick to them.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 25, 2020","5.0"
"Unlike the experience I was expecting.","I interned previously at a boutique wealth management firm and had a blast. I was on the phone and working hard to get leads for my advisors. At this bank the development program isn't geared towards that and I want to be out in the field, meeting with clients, and closing sales.","Asset Management Analyst","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 25, 2020","4.0"
"Great company to work for.","Great company to work for, diverse and friendly atmosphere. They take care of their employees very well. I would recommend this company to anyone who is looking for a rewarding career.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Foley, AL","January 25, 2020","5.0"
"I would not recommend this bank","Its becoming a product pushing company. Employees are under paid, unhappy which has a high turnover rate. Customer are affected by it and they will express their concerns through customer surveys which employees get an incentive on the overall branch performance, not individually. The goal is to reach out to others branches for help but they are barley staffed themselves. Upper management doesn't care about employees career path all they want to make sure you are getting Credit Card applications on a daily basis and investment referrals.It is all about what this bank can get. this bank make it seem better than what it is. If that was the case why are the branches not fully staffed with employees. Actions should line up with their words.","Senior Branch Manager - MLO","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 25, 2020","1.0"
"Being in-store was very limiting as far as customer relations go. I enjoyed the clients.","This company seemed to care more for the wealthy clients instead of those that drive the company. The every day consumer. They constantly wanted to nickel and dime regular customers but would waive fees to those who had higher balances.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","January 24, 2020","2.0"
"Poor products","not a good place to work for loan origination. no clue on needs of customers. execution is awful and management could care less. do not waste your time here","Calabasas","Former Employee","Central, CA","January 24, 2020","1.0"
"Good place to start in banking"," this bank offers great benefits and work at home flexibility. Health insurance is not great. Work is repetitive but easy to learn. Throughout the year you can be super busy or you may not have enough work to do. Most of the time your doing the tasks of 2 or more people and from other departments. A lot of politics and favoritism goes on. It is really who you know to advance in your career. Pay is not adequate for the industry and for the work. Great place to gain experience and learn about banking.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Rock","January 23, 2020","3.0"
"Great place to start off in the financial industry","Great people to work with and help each other in increasing sales by observing each others' conversations with the customers and making suggestions where needed.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","January 21, 2020","4.0"
"Not diverse","Limited advancement in certain markets. Unrealistic work expectations. Multiple demands, most are often unreachable. They claim they are diverse and inclusive but they aren't.","Universal Branch Manager II","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","January 21, 2020","3.0"
"Be forewarned about meeting ticket quotas","The main emphasis in the IT group is to complete as many work request tickets as possible, otherwise you are out the door. Regardless if the work ticket is extremely detailed or very simple, they are focused on the number of tickets you complete during the course of a days work. The ones who are judging you have no concept of how detailed the work requests can be, and make the ultimate decision that you are gone. Not a professional work environment. Be warned!","Database Administrator","Former Employee","Remote","January 21, 2020","2.0"
"Mostly fun workspace, but can get stressful","The overall environment of this bank is pretty laid back, but sometimes meeting numbers along with all other responsibilities can seem impossible and quite stressful, especially when they keep changing or adding more and more! I would recommend it as a short-term workplace. It pays well and has great benefits, but I would not necessarily recommend it as a longtime career if you aren't a work-a-holic!","Teller","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 21, 2020","4.0"
"Prod Mgr","The management at this bank cares about its employees. Some areas offer more flexibility with workload and location. Management encourages development, and teammates like to help each other succeed.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 21, 2020","4.0"
"Regional Bank Technology stack with the desire to be the next 'Big Bank'","The people at this bank are their best asset, but their technology leaves much to be desired. The best part of the job is being able to work from home, but even though they tout being 'inclusive', leadership makes decision without input from staff. Poor overall communication.","Software Manager","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","January 20, 2020","3.0"
"Great place to work","I've had a wonderful experience with this bank. The work life balance is phenomenal. Being able to move up in time is also a great option. I love having options for career growth. No complaints.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 20, 2020","5.0"
"Leadership","Exposed to innovative technology stack. Enterprise is moving towards micro-service, modern architecture. Agile and DevOps cultural changes are getting matured","Software Services Mgr Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2020","4.0"
"Great place to start a career in financial services.","The pay is adequate, the benefits package is better. The corporate culture is supportive and pushes employees to pursue advancement within the company. The branches however, lacked staffing making it difficult to complete any job duties.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 17, 2020","4.0"
"Job has to be #1","If your job is your only priority, work here. Otherwise find somewhere else. If you want call nights and selling, this is the job for you. I enjoyed the people I worked with but selling and being the smallest branch and trying to carry the entire region for goals was too much.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","January 17, 2020","4.0"
"Be warned"," this bank is a place you may not want to consider. Stressful nights to meet efficiency goals, while not making any errors. 10 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch that doesn't give you enough time to get something to eat and relax. If you go over at least a minute, you would be penalized for it. Only thing enjoyable was the people and the pay.","Lockbox Processor Data Entry Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 16, 2020","2.0"
"Productive working environment","The environment was great. coworkers were very nice. Had an amazing manager that cared a lot about employees and it gave out a great working environment.","Collateral Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 16, 2020","4.0"
"Don't do it!","I never felt more about place in my life. this bank always has openings in the Fayetteville area because people quit, it's hard to get promoted. Management only worries about how many credit cards you get everyday. Regional manager will do 'training on the spot' in front of your coworkers and not give any sort of constructive feedback. Be aware that if you work for this region your personal life will be expected to put on second, business is always first. Vacation time will be approved if and only Reginal Manager approves it.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","January 16, 2020","1.0"
"you cannot trust anyone","I worked for this bank for 5 years. The regional manager made everyone miserable. If she did not like you you were marked to get fired. I was harassed. Eventually, the manager asked me to input a clients ID to issue new debit card even though the client did not have his ID with him, because we 'KNEW' him as a customer. I was reluctant but at the managers insistence issued him a new debit card anyway. Of course I was then fired. WHAT A JOKE AND WASTE OF 5 YEARS.","Licensed banker II","Former Employee","Lambertville, NJ","January 16, 2020","1.0"
" this bank is. GREAT company to work for."," this bank is a Great Company to work for, but the upper management with the Atlanta base lockbox leaves the site open to untrustworthy managers. You then lose good employees and bad moral becomes an everyday reminder. Your team feels this is just a job and are afraid to speak up.","Supervisor","Former Employee","College Park, GA","January 16, 2020","4.0"
"Pretty decent","It was a pretty decent job just make sure you stay on your P's and Q's very strict they will terminate you without question The calls were back to back your basically busy 24/7 needed more down time not enough breaks","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbia, SC","January 16, 2020","3.0"
"Very family oriented workplace with extremely great work/life balance feel.","The best company I have worked for in all of my years. It was very easy to progress to other positions and every manager was fully invested in personal growth.","Executive Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 15, 2020","5.0"
"Industry is highly demanding","Ever changing rules and laws make performance expectations somewhat unrealistic. Constant pressure to hit goals with many variables impeding you.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 15, 2020","3.0"
"Positive","Really good place to work most days, but some days can be tough. It can get really busy at the beach I work at and become really stressful because of this. Also customer can be hit or miss.","Teller","Current Employee","Elgin, IL","January 15, 2020","4.0"
"team spirit, productivity and opportunity for growth","Comfortable work environment. Good communication and relationship with both employees and clients. Management quarterly reviews provides opportunity for self assessment. Employee respects each other and are willing to giving a helping hand at any time.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","40th & walnut","January 15, 2020","4.0"
"Avoid This Position","The people in this position are horrible.. They tell you are able to ask questions if you need help and then when you do you are told by the manager that the people don't know your job because they are separate divisions within this job. The manager and team lead are just wishy washy and backstabbing people!","Image Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 15, 2020","1.0"
"Stressful","As a customer service rep, you take an average of 50 70+ calls per day. The calls are back to back with little to no down time. You do have managers and supervisor with you during every shift, but at times it can be difficult to get a hold of one of them to assist with you during your call. You are rated and scored with each call that can make assisting customers somewhat stressful, because they don't want you on each call too long but what the customers needs met. It is a very stressful balancing act with each situation. There is on going training and team meetings that you need to attend. The team meetings are not long enough to cover all the questions that other team members may have for clarification to assist customer efficiently.","Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2020","2.0"
"Fun job","Exciting people to work with. Customers appreciate the flexibility of doing loans via phone. Offered flex time off each quarter that wouldn't count against time off unexplained","Loan Originator","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 14, 2020","4.0"
"Overall","Overall this bank is an awesome company and cares genuinely about the employees. The managers are HORRIBLE . And not just one or two I have networked with a lot of different branch managers and have seen how different managers manage there teams. They are NOT team players AT all. They only care about themselves and their results and they expect you to do your job and theirs. this bank have different opportunities as far as promotion and advancement but manager are envious of employees that excel better than them.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","January 14, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible place to work!","Exempt employees are expected to work 50-60+ hours per week because hourly employees cannot. Senior management at Brecksville/Pittsburgh Lending facility is inexperienced and/or unconcerned with customers or employees.","AVP of Operations","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 14, 2020","1.0"
"Corporate bullish!$","The higher ups at this bank only care about customer satisfaction, and making money. They say they are not like other big banks but that is not true. High pay isn't worth it. Taking a pay cut to seek other employment. There are surveys that go out to customers, that can make or break your bonuses. There's been times we've received bogus surveys completed by people who are just angry they can't get their way, and it's tanked our bonuses that we received and earned. They want you to kiss every customers butt and they do it at the expense of their employees. The pay is great but that's the only thing and they use that as means to secure you in the job.","Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2020","1.0"
"No progress to move up and under paid!!","Staffing from management always implement moving up the ladder but in realistic world they don't want you to go anywhere else in the company if your good at what your currently doing","System Administrator","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 14, 2020","3.0"
"Great co-workers and work-life balance. Some management needs less chaos.","Great work environment with flexible work arrangements. Pay could be more competitive. My job is seemingly quite secure, but I do see other 'production environment' departments ebb and flow with personnel as the market determines. .","QA","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 13, 2020","4.0"
"Tellers and bankers make about the same, the only differences is on the incentives","overall it been a great experience. I started as a teller and made to universal branch specialist/ assistant manager in a universal branch withing 4 years.","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","North Haledon, NJ","January 13, 2020","4.0"
"Very good place","The managers really cared about your growth and are always willing to lend a hand. They pay is kind of low for the work being done, but overall a great company.","Commercial Underwriting Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 13, 2020","5.0"
" this bank seems to lack a corporate culture that promotes the inclusion and advancement of blacks and latinos."," this bank, especially in the Greater Philadelphia market, must do a better job of recruiting, developing and promoting black people. Implicit bias is a company wide challenge the needs to be addressed in a deliberate and focused way. In a majority minority city like Philadelphia it seems odd that there are so few senior and executive leaders of color, in particular black people in meaningful leadership roles where they can make hiring/firing decisions.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","1600 Market St.","January 11, 2020","3.0"
"Stay away","This company changed from the time I started working there until the time I left. They no longer have a vision for the mortgage industry and did not value experience or quality. The focus is not on the customer.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 11, 2020","1.0"
"Good place over all to work","I'm currently employed at this bank and overall enjoy my job! My only complaint is the way the proceedures and training is handled . Like most I would like to see the income be more inline with other banks and credit unions.","Credit Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 10, 2020","4.0"
"Diverse loving group!","I guess my experience was different than the rest. I have an awesome group of coworkers that became a second family to me. 0010745 was the best decision for me! The manager made sure I was always trying to reach my goals! My coworkers weren't only worried about my work life, but also worried about my personal life. I think we all grew together, while employed there. I would recommend my hoem beach to anyone!","Teller","Former Employee","Riviera Beach, FL","January 10, 2020","4.0"
"Great company to work for. Trust me I would know. Better than the other Banks","Great company to work for. I worked for an agency on a contract but still treated fairly. Worked for several Banks, this bank is definitely the leader as far as how they treat employees","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2020","5.0"
"Pay is decent management is ehh","Management isn't great, pay and benefits are good. Maternity leave and paternity leave is AMAZING. Probably the only PLUS to working at this bank. Could use management improvements","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 9, 2020","2.0"
"Productive, professional workspace","I may be the wrong person to ask about this, because I am actively seeking to leave employment with this bank, although they have been good to me and I have made many meaningful connections and have learned so much in my time there, I have grown the need to seek change.","Retail Escalation Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 9, 2020","4.0"
"Good","Many positions in the bank. I enjoyed working in retail not in commercial lending. Mostly great management. I learned many different field in the company and I have grown in my career","Retail Escalation Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 9, 2020","5.0"
"don't work at bank unless you have no other option","The staff was great, but the position its self was incredibly boring. I felt as if I was losing brain cells every time I went to work. this bank has ancient technology in their branches which makes you want to pull your hair out.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","January 9, 2020","2.0"
"Awful stay away","Bottom line you are a machine here, your not a person. If you decide to work here be prepared that everything is micromanaged and there is no way for you to be imperfect","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2020","1.0"
"Great place and challenging projects","Love this company. One of the best I have worked with. Would recommend it to colleagues and friends. Challenging and productive environment with great work-life balance.","Independent Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 7, 2020","4.0"
"Corporate management cares little about employees. The only thing that matters is profit.","I would never recommend this as a place to work. Expectations are unrealistic, cuts are made with low level employees, no such thing as company loyalty or job security, they talk about employee engagement but sow seeds of fear and uncertainty...I could go on.","BM","Former Employee","Ohio","January 7, 2020","2.0"
"Give time to learn to employees","Manager was unprofessional, coworker was unprofessional, in the mid time they go home and do your laundering and after come back in branch , costumer service was bad out side ATM they was not consider service with customer and coworkers and manager are raciest and they behaved with new people with very bad my experience was very bad with this bank I think they have to focus in internal management.","RRT MLO","Former Employee","842 st road Princeton","January 7, 2020","1.0"
"Modern Cutting Edge Office with Great People","The people at this bank are a reason to stay. I felt my team truly cared about me as a person and wanted to see me succeed. The office space was comfortable and made it easy to get work done. HR has policies in place they made it difficult to advance financially or by title, but aside from that I think it is a great company to work for.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2020","4.0"
"A day at work","Finding solutions for clients financial needs and helping balancing their everyday money management limits on a daily basis. Opening accounts, loan applications, mortgage referrals.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 6, 2020","5.0"
"Has is positives and negatives","I have mixed reviews. I like working for the company and although they promote working to get you a better position, some management doesn't seem to try or care. Also, you don't get paid for the work you do beyond the basics. And sometimes not even that. There is no raises and during the 'year end reviews', they are minimal, if at all.","Outreach Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"just a job","I did customer service same as any other call center in Columbus Ohio. it is kind of like a high school environment, a lot of gossip and child play. but as long as you go to work and do your job you should be fine","Online Banking Technical Support","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 6, 2020","3.0"
