"Overall Great Place to Work","Great Management that cares, positive atmosphere, team oriented place.","Cash Flow Insight Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2014","5.0"
"okay work place","there can be a lot of favoritism in branches and a lot of gossip","teller","Former Employee","MI","June 13, 2014","3.0"
"its been a good run","time to look for something else...the industry has many stress points and is constantly changing...the hardest part of the job is the production stress...the most enjoyable part is the friendships I've developed along the way.","File Submission Analyst","Current Employee","allegheny center","June 13, 2014","3.0"
"Supervising Loan officer","I talk to clients interview, take applications, process loan applications, customer service.","Supervising Loan Officer","Current Employee","Federal Way, WA","June 11, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place To Work.","Great Customers & Great Team within the years. I learned how to sale more & products. FIVE STAR. *******","bank Teller","Former Employee","Grove City, OH","June 10, 2014","5.0"
"great staff","Workin for this bank is a great learning experience. Management is exreamly helpful and supportive when it comes to moving forward with your career.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","June 10, 2014","4.0"
"Productive work environment"," this bank is a good place to work.I want to move on the develop more professionally.","Accountant II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great WorkPlace","Great Place to be employed. They really care about there employees. Training is open and your able to choose your path and direct your career choice. Self efficient. Good friends at work as well. Management is great.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Ocala, FL","June 9, 2014","5.0"
"Demanding","It was ok working at this bank, very demanding, but good place, have learnt a lot.","Informatica Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2014","2.0"
"Decent company to work for","Decent company to work for. Not too much advancement. This was based on how long you were with the company. If you were there for 5 years and another person 2, but if the newer person was better qualified over the longer tenured employee, you were passed over. The same people were moved up at the same time and if you were in a social clique, you did not advance.","Business Banking Support Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelpha, PA","June 8, 2014","3.0"
"Okay Work Place","Doing transactions and balancing and SALES! Having the best of the best Customer service.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Oh","June 7, 2014","3.0"
"Productive and fun work place"," this bank is a great place to work and bank. The job is very diverse with lot of room to grow and learn. Each day is not like the last one. Employees are pleasant and willing to help. I enjoyed each day worked there. There was nothing hard about my day","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","June 6, 2014","4.0"
"My coworkers were great. Upper management was not too friendly. Made you feel like your just a number not a employee.","The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the turnover. When management change then you have to change.","CSA II","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","June 5, 2014","3.0"
"Friendly place to work","My experience at this bank was great. Co-workers were a joy to be around. Enjoyed building relationships with customers and staff.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lexington Park, MD","June 5, 2014","4.0"
"Hard work will be rewarded","There are numerous awards foe outstanding performance. Successful employees are rewarded.","Branch Manager III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 5, 2014","3.0"
"Regulatory environment and market conditions squeezing industry profits","The current regulatory environment, less than favorable market conditions, and industry changes guided by customer reliance on technology, rather than branch personnel, are squeezing banking center profits and challenging the success of a once booming industry. Bottom line driven, top-down, fear-based management style has led to increased turnover, decreased employee morale and has lessened client engagement.","Branch Employee","Former Employee","GA","June 4, 2014","3.0"
"Productive, work life balance, Great Management and great opportunities to grow.","I was managing the entire Washington DC mortgage office department with 10-2 loan officers. I was trained for 3 weeks when I started with the company and I took classes for Training Talent for 6 months. I had 2 Market Managers in 2 years but both of them were very experienced and great leaders. They taught me a lot about mortgage and banking itself. The hardest part of the job was to coordinate with our closing department, I had to stay on top of each file due to several management changes in their office and it delayed our loan closing.","Mortgage Office manager","Former Employee","Downtown Washington DC","June 3, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place to Work","I really have enjoyed my time at this bank Investments and I think others will too. Great place to call home!","Investment Operations Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 3, 2014","5.0"
"Excellent Employer"," this bank is a great place to work. The company finds great importance in work/life balance.","Loss Prevention Analyst","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","June 3, 2014","5.0"
"Adminstrative Assistance","Great Job, Great supervisor, Flexible hours, Not much more tell. Just a great job.","Financial Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 2, 2014","4.0"
"Awesome co-workers","Great working environment, even better customers. this bank provides a great opportunity for growth and learning.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Clarksville, MD","June 2, 2014","4.0"
"Not a great atmosphere to work for especially within the retail aspect.","- What I have learned is not to trust branch managers. - A typical day on the job is opening accounts and searching clients accounts to find wealth clients to refer over.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Hackensack, NJ","June 2, 2014","3.0"
"Steady job","Can be a great place to work. Not great on promoting from within.","Teller","Current Employee","MO","May 31, 2014","3.0"
"Very competitive environment","While they have fabulous benefits, the whole nature of the job is centered around sales. If you are a salesmen this is a good job for you.","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","May 30, 2014","3.0"
"nice compensation but not a great place to work in","i like that i had sales goals to meet which kept me motivated, management wasn't the best but it was a job.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lanham, MD","May 30, 2014","3.0"
"Productive","Customer service inbounds call. Excellent place to work at.","CUSTOMER SERVICE RERESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Whitehall, Oh","May 29, 2014","5.0"
"Work Life Balance and Advancement Opportunities","Investing in the development of employees, great advancement opportunities, and work life balance.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","May 29, 2014","5.0"
"NOT a good company","Working with this bank mortgage was very unproductive. Management team is VERY unproductive and uneducated about their processes.","Hardest Hit Funds","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 29, 2014","1.0"
"Pretty good company to work for","Pretty good company. I liked the location and the culture. I enjoyed the co-workers that I worked with they make the company.","Various Positions","Former Employee","Overland Park, Kansas","May 28, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work family oriented","A day at this bank was always different never know who's going to call and what their going to say. It was always a challenge but a good one. They have a Daycare on site for emergencies (snow day etc.) Co workers and managers were great to work with. Some days we had fun time where we play bingo or bowling for small bank prizes.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 28, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work but the salary could be better.","A typical day would include processing night deposit bags before the branch opens to customers. Followed by a brief, 10-15 minute meeting with the staff. When the doors open you're primary job is to process customers requests for deposits or cashing checks. As a Teller Supervisor you are also responsible for coaching the teller staff in sales and audit. Another big part of a Teller Supervisor's job is to manage the branch cash and keeping it in line with guidelines.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 28, 2014","4.0"
"It was was wonderful place to work but only part time.","The work environment was a wonderful place to be. Being a part time teller though you get stuck working every Saturday because you are only part time and they feel that you do not deserve to have Saturdays off they only go to the full time employees.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Coldwater, MI","May 28, 2014","4.0"
"Productive, good company","A typical day for me was cashing checks, making deposits and doing withdrawals for customer. I cross sold the bank's products and services.","Teller","Former Employee","6055 West Lisbon Ave","May 27, 2014","4.0"
"Good job. Good company.","Typical day as a teller waiting on customers by taking care of their financial transaction and providing excellent customer service.","Senior Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","May 27, 2014","3.0"
"Great work/Life Balance","Continued support of management is what makes my job so much more enjoyable. I get to learn complex and interesting situations that relate to our economic environment. I enjoy working with and supporting a wide range of personalities. It keeps me well rounded and proves that I can adapt to change and uncertainty.","Foreign Exchange Sales Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2014","4.0"
"Great overall place to work","overall great place, everything is always changing and can be frustrating at times","Operations Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2014","4.0"
"Close knit workforce, great benefits, fun environment","I enjoy working here, they are very good to their employees and want to see you succeed. They are good with benefits like vacation time but could do a little better with compensation. This type of job makes you and your co-workers very close, when this happens you begin to get close with your customers as well.","Teller","Current Employee","Howell, MI","May 23, 2014","5.0"
"A nice place to work","I really liked working there..management never talked down to you, and always asked for feedback.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2014","4.0"
"enjoy working with public","Day to day operational functions,apply features & benefits of financial products & services in customer interactions. Service clients needs and customer service. Learned how to offer products suitable for clients that fit client needs. Staff always worked as a team. Most enjoyable part of job was building customer relations.","Senior Teller","Former Employee","Nashville, NC","May 22, 2014","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great place to work. There are many opportunities for advancement.","Retail Integration Wave Manager","Former Employee","job moved to Pittsburgh","May 21, 2014","5.0"
"Great Work Life Balance","*Worked a great effective team! *Work life balance! * Able to grow within the company!","Retail Recruiter","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 21, 2014","3.0"
"Fun Work Environment","Great company and place to work for. Benefits are not that good because it is a smaller company.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","May 20, 2014","4.0"
"great way to interact with others","worked my way up from a teller to being the assistant head teller within a year","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","May 19, 2014","3.0"
"Very fast paced, my first job in management","I learned to maximize multi-tasking. The manageent and had great co-workers and a fun working environment.","Investment Representative","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","May 16, 2014","4.0"
"Rewarding Workplace","Overall, this bank is a great place to work. I have advanced very quickly with the bank. The job has become very stressful due to the lack of staff and support. I have the best clients and love to take care of them and thier financial needs. They keep a smile on my face.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Winston-Salem, NC","May 15, 2014","4.0"
"It was overall, Average Environment","A typical day includes lots of researc I've learned a lot about Corporate Actions. Management Structure was disoriented. Co-Workers have always been fun and team players. There were no extraordinary hard parts just your usual daily work struggles. The most enjoyable part was knowing I was contributing to the overall good of the company","Mortgage Operations Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 15, 2014","3.0"
"Convenient location next to public transportation","Site was located right next to public transportation (rail). Comparable benefit package (401K, Insurance, Vacation). Onsite cafeteria. I had a great manager, who I really enjoyed working with.","BSA Compliance Regulatory Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","May 14, 2014","4.0"
"Bleh","I can see how some people might like it, but sitting down all day and making 10,000 calls per weeks for 40 hours wasn't my cup of tea.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Fast paced environment","A typical day of work starts with me logging into all necessary programs, then checking my daily emails. I take inbound calls that have pretty much anything to do with banking products. I also sell banking products so I take applications for loans, checking, savings, etc. I also make outbound calls to customers to see if their is anything this bank can do to make their banking experience better. I am one of the 12-15 employees that makes up a team with in the outbound Sales department. My sole supervisor is who I report too. My co-workers are great to be around they help make the job less stressful. I would say the worst part of the job is to hear people yell at you all day long for stuff that isn't your fault. The best part of the job on the other hand is making the customers feel more at ease with their banking, and leaving the phone call better off than it started.","Call Center Representative","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","May 13, 2014","4.0"
"Productive Place","I liked working at this bank because there was always something to do.","Online Banking Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Great","Good place to work, that's why I'm searching for another position?","Associate Property Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Decent place to work, but fumbling through culture change.","Bank is trying to move into the Big Bank arena and does not have the infrastructure, nor the system to do so correctly. Training was very good and in my roll there is not a ton of micromanagement on a daily basis.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Dayton, NJ","May 13, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to start a career","Great coworkers and fulfilling customer interactions make a great place to begin a career. Poor management and advancement make a bad place to continue a career","Teller","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","May 12, 2014","4.0"
" this bank is awesome!","This was an excellent place to work. Professionalism was very important when working for this bank and that is something I can really appreciate. Employees were valued and often rewarded for doing well. Management was laid-back but would get down to business alongside you when it was necessary. The only complaint I could make about this company was that the pay was fairly low. Of course, getting the experience of working for a bank and all the perks that were offered made it worthwhile.","Peak-Time Teller","Former Employee","Indian Head, MD","May 12, 2014","4.0"
"ok company","company is too large and it day emploees what they deserve. not easy to move up","Teller","Current Employee","McKees Rocks, PA","May 12, 2014","5.0"
"Great work enviroment if you enjoy customer service","Everyday your duties were to service your customers with everday banking transactions. While doing this you need to have 5 star customer service. The hardest part of the job is dealing with difficult situations with fraud. The most enjoyable is meeting new people and learning new things. I learned about different frauds and scams. How to invest and make good savings decisions.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Easton, MD","May 12, 2014","3.0"
"P/T teller P/T mortgage loan officer","On the teller line, I handled cash, ,made money orders, sold saving bonds and did withdrawals and deposits. On the mortgage side I pre-qualified clients and followed the status of their applications.","Teller","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","May 10, 2014","5.0"
"Good company to work for.","I enjoyed working for this bank. It's a great company to work for. They treat their employees well.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 10, 2014","4.0"
"bank","Great benefits. Management was flexible with schedules and very helpful when asked for tips about how to move up the corporate ladder. Of all of the lending sites where I worked, we were given the highest lending authorities and the most interaction with management.","NA - Senior Banking Officer, Senior Lender","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 9, 2014","5.0"
"Great coworkers and great learning environment.","Great at training. There is an error on this page I already reviewed this employer, please see previous submission.","Credit Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo MI","May 9, 2014","4.0"
"Good place to work","I've worked for this bank for 2 years, it is a good place to work if you enjoy sales and meeting goals. Management styles vary contingent upon location.","Universal Consultant","Former Employee","Nazareth PA","May 8, 2014","4.0"
"Good bank and good people","I cross several different areas of the bank, retail, Business banking, wealth management. I manage a book of business of affluent clients that average above 125,000 in annual income. I also manage investment clients up to 1 million in assets. I am the point person for these clients and make sure that any need, personal or business, is taken care of from beginning to end. My days are full.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RM","Current Employee","Ambler, PA","May 8, 2014","4.0"
"Great Training Program","They spend time and money on training their employees and theres always continuing to train.","Senior Auditor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 8, 2014","4.0"
"Very stressful job","Learned a lot, its an important job, glad for the experience","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Elizabeth City, NC","May 7, 2014","3.0"
"Work enviroment","My day was busy reviewing files,work great with co-workers to insure the job would be completed by the end of the work day I really enjoyed working for this bank. Excellent managers to report to. Great work environment.","Pre-Funder Reviewer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 7, 2014","4.0"
"I love working with peoples","My job was a customer service based position . I was conducting my business on phone. In mortgage business is a life long learning job , because with each client you learn something different . I was always very lucky to work with the best management , who had a open door policy if i needed some help management was their to help me. I always learn something new from my previous managers. I always worked as a team with my co-workers, if they needed my help i was there to help them . You will face a hard time at your work place, but i never let that bother me and try to complete all my task. I loved my job and i always make a job a fun place to work , because i get along with my co-worker . I love my love where i can learn new things and i can make new friends.","Assistant","Former Employee","Mount Prospect, IL","May 7, 2014","5.0"
"My Favorite Place to work","Best company, had the best leaders/management. Really enjoyed my job.","Market Manager","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","May 7, 2014","5.0"
"good and bad days","some parts and days are great some are harder than others. Lot of the hard part is the market some is self inflicted by the company. overall its alright every place has good, bad interesting things going on.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 6, 2014","3.0"
"great","• Handling large amounts of cash while processing transactions. • Customer interaction and customer loyalty. • Processing transactions and interacting with the customers. • Translate Arabic for clients","Translator","Former Employee","Oak Park, MI","May 5, 2014","5.0"
" this bank is a company, with a good corporate culture, that takes special care in training","All of the best managers I have worked with were working for this bank. The fact that you have to take courses to become a manager at the Consumer Loan Center made it a very pleasant work environment. The Pace was VERY fast, there was a lot of work, and you were always busy ...however, all members of a team supported all other members.","Automotive Title Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2014","5.0"
"Compensation and Benefits are above average","I really enjoyed working for this company. It is a great company to work for.","Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2014","4.0"
"Branch Manager AVP","BRANCH MANAGER / ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT 2008 / 201 • Supervised staff of sales professionals and tellers to effectively meet branch goals while ensuring superior customer satisfaction within a $80 Million dollar branch. • Managed portfolio exceeding $5 Million dollar portfolio consisting of personal / small business / wealth management customers. • Aggressively developed new business opportunities while providing ongoing superior service to existing clientele; met and exceeded all branch goals. • Recruited talent to keep region staffed with potential candidates.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Northvale, NJ","May 5, 2014","4.0"
"Intimate culture","Deal with a lot of money. Must settle accounts to the penny. Hard work pays off. Management is able to balance intimacy with strategic planning. The overnight shift had the feel of family. The hardest part is too many people are out , because their work has to be done as well, but it's doable. I enjoyed the culture of the organization the most.","Transit Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 5, 2014","5.0"
"nice benefits for full time employment","the opportunity to transfer to another branch is not easily achieved. Annual pay is on the lower scale than most financial institutions.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Logansport, IN","May 4, 2014","3.0"
"Good learning experience","Good learning experience but not my dream job. this bank is a stable and reputable company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Akron, OH","May 4, 2014","4.0"
"not much to say","not much to say. little to offer in terms of compensation and management style.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","May 2, 2014","2.0"
"By far the best place yet .","This company has a great team for helping not just the employees, but also the client. the compensation package was out standing , and they have room for advacment with in the company.","Collector 2","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 2, 2014","5.0"
"Busy workplace, but not stressful at all.","A typical workday is extremely busy, but it makes the day go by faster. My coworkers are very nice and fun to work with. The managers are very professional and laid back.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 30, 2014","4.0"
"Fun Activties monthly","I was formally a collector in a call center with terrible hours. I asked to move the same position for a morning position, it was declined (as there was open seats available for this advancement). I was treated like bad from human resources, the managers are brain washed into believing they have tons of power. The benefits where high, the customers and branch employees are completely rude. I was so glad when I left, I felt a big breathe of fresh air. This company is no where near what they make themselves out to be. I have gained some great friends whom agree with me and also they had activities monthly. Not to mention, I am heavily tattooed and I got dirty looks everyday.","collections","Former Employee","NC","April 30, 2014","1.0"
"loved it!","great job! I loved it! very professional place to work! Supervisors were very friendly! they hire good people!!","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","April 29, 2014","5.0"
"Great colleagues, overall great work environment.","Great place to work and learn about many different situations.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 29, 2014","5.0"
"n/a","a lot of inexperienced persons in authority. schedule not flexible. help was rarely available. slow branch. friendly customers. low pay","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","April 29, 2014","2.0"
"great company","I love the people that I worked with. The company have great opportunities.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Okemos, MI","April 29, 2014","4.0"
"Good company","Good bank to work for, and good corporate culture. The bank is very strong financially, and understands that clients are the most important thing","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 29, 2014","5.0"
"n/a","Trust administrator. Worked closely with clients, brokers, attorneys and beneficiaries relating to all trust accounts.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 28, 2014","4.0"
"Should have never left","Very good company, pro emplyees, good benefits/bonues. Wonderful work life balance. Lots of employee perks","Loss Mitigation Default Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 24, 2014","5.0"
"Great benefits, low compensation","A typical day was assisting customers, while trying to meet sales goals. Although there is a lot of talk about advancement and growth, it is pretty difficult to move from the retail side, if you find that sales is not your niche. I witnessed this with several of my co workers. The hardest part was adjusting to playing the role of a personal banker, while still being a teller, and not being compensated for the extra work, training, etc. this bank pays well if you meet sales goals, in their incentive pay...if you are not a teller. They pay $6 for each DDA acct (checking/savings) for tellers, but, pay bankers and teller supervisors more. There is no job security in the retail side of banking, as everything is heading to the technology side. Branches will be scarce.","Teller Banking Representative I","Former Employee","Williamsburg, VA","April 24, 2014","4.0"
"love crunching numbers, fun and productive","Exceed clients' expectations when conducting a variety of transactions such as accepting deposits and payments, cashing checks, and withdrawing cash. Balance cash drawer daily, Secure all client information according to regulatory standards, Develop schedules and reports related to teller line activities, Complete all other operational activities such as ATM balancing, vault security, and night deposits as assigned by supervisor.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Orange, NJ","April 23, 2014","5.0"
"Great company with great value","Great company to work for. Focuses on customers overall well-being. Managers utilize effective coach techniques. Sales goals can be a bit much","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fairlawn, OH","April 22, 2014","4.0"
" this bank","I enjoyed working for this bank and learned much about customer interactions.","Teller","Former Employee","Bayou La Batre, AL","April 22, 2014","4.0"
"Retail Banking","Most recently acted as Branch Manager for a 5 month period while the current manager was out and continued sales success for the remaining quarter Acted as Branch Manager for a 3 month period while the Branch Manager was on disability, and continued successful sales goals of 5 for 5 for the quarter Focused on operations of the branch. Making sure that the branch was compliant with all rules and regulations. Worked closely with audit team to ensure a 90% or better all four quarters on our audit each year Supervised and trained employees in daily job responsibilities. Coached and mentored employees on business development, and personal growth. Built a faithful customer base resulting in higher customer satisfaction, customer retention, gaining entire customer financial portfolios, and an increase of customer driven business referrals Sold all products offered including: personal and business checking accounts, savings/money market accounts, home equity loans and lines of credit, personal secured and unsecured loans, certificate of deposits, making investment referrals, IRA's, and mortgages.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rochester, NY","April 21, 2014","4.0"
"I enjoy this job","It is very rewarding. I train candidates that are hired on to the bank after they have gone through teller training, I really enjoy getting to know new people and teaching them what i know.","Hardin County Teller Mentor","Current Employee","Elizabethtown ky","April 17, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work and great people to work with","-Help clients with their everyday financial and banking activities","Personal Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","April 16, 2014","5.0"
"Part time","I am a part time employee, looking for full time currently. This is a great company to work for. I have learned 5 star customer service skills.","Teller","Current Employee","Akron, OH","April 16, 2014","5.0"
"Good company"," this bank overall is a good company to work for. It is not a job for a person who needs flexibility.","Customer service representative","Former Employee","kalamazoo mi","April 16, 2014","4.0"
"Great Team, Not So Great Pay and Management","For the amount of daily responsibilities and the overall workload, this bank is known to pay below the expected/respected amount. The management is lazy and barely ever held accountable for mistakes, slacking, ect, but they come down so hard on normal employees for absolutely anything. I've worked in both the corporate and retail sides of this company. If you're interested, I recommend corporate (customer service, collections, data entry) because the retail employees (bankers, tellers, ect) get treated with far less respect. On the corporate side there is a great sense of 'togetherness' amongst the team, there are company picnics, sporting events, outings, volunteer opportunities, free stuff and giveaways all the time and it's just a great, fast paced environment. I had to leave because the work life balance is simply not there on the corporate side. Overall, pretty decent place to work for. It definitely has it's flaws and could be improved more...but that's almost any job.","TELLER","Former Employee","Akron, OH","April 15, 2014","3.0"
"sitting at your desk and to complete work assigned to you"," this bank is a friendly environment to work in the people are great working with. this bank promote good health for there employees such as an area to walk on break or lunch.","Claims Specialist","Current Employee","3232 newmark dr","April 15, 2014","4.0"
"Process transactions and operate the drive thur.","On a typical day I would process various types of customers' needs. Count currency, and balance my drawer.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 15, 2014","5.0"
"Analyst role","Corporate banking development program. Training provided. Promotion depending on the team, market, business environment. Best opportunity is in the southeast.","TreasuryManagement","Current Employee","PA","April 14, 2014","3.0"
"Stellar Training","Great Training, Good work life Balance. I learned my foundations that have gotten me where I am today. I left and came back. They are a leader in technology","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 14, 2014","4.0"
"Average place to work","I learned a lot because I am curious. Manager is always giving you more tasks. Co-workers are fun to work with. Hardest part is to work 6 days a week, but no overtime. No work/life balance. The most enjoyable part of the job is make customer happy.","Teller","Current Employee","Clearwater Fl","April 13, 2014","3.0"
"Na","Nice clean building, WII available on 4th floor to 'unwind', a 'bistro' available for snacks, lunches or soda drinks, FREE medical cabinet that has generic products for allergies, headaches, contact issues, etc.","Senior Mortgage Closer","Former Employee","Jacksonville","April 11, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","A a Columbus based bank with room to grow and advance within the company.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 8, 2014","4.0"
"Okay place to work","Sit at a desk all day and analyze collection. Co workers were great, learned a lot about collections. The one thing I can say about this bank is that there is always something to learn.","Real Estate Administrator","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 7, 2014","5.0"
"Tbd","• Oversee the daily performance of computer systems. • Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware request to resolve problems. • Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software. • Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications. • Setup /troubleshoot & resolve problems with Lotus notes for users","Desktop Support","Current Employee","600 Grant Street Pittsburgh PA","April 7, 2014","3.0"
"QTP Automation Expert","• Reviewed of Documents like Software requirement Specification, Rapid Design Document, High Level Design, Detail Design Document, Acceptance Test Cases, Integration Test Cases, Unit Test Cases. • Analyzed various documents and use Cases to prepare the detailed Test Plan. • Involved in creating Use cases using MS Visio. • Performed Black box testing and Grey box testing. • Tested the application compatibility in all versions of Netscape and Internet Explorer browsers by automating the test cases. • Performed GUI, Functional, System, Integration, Regression, UAT and Back End testing. • Worked extensively with Quality Center/ALM for creating Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Design, Test Inputs, Test Logs, and Test Summary Reports. • Reported the bugs, e-mail notifications to the developers using the HP Quality Center/ALM. • Used Quality Center for defect tracking in different environments. • Written SQL queries for checking the Data Transactions and Database Integrity in both SQL Server and Oracle. • Upgraded of Manual test scripts into HP Quality Center for automation using QTP. • Created Scenario based scripts and screen based Script using QuickTest Professional (QTP). • Involved in Regression and System testing of the application using QTP/UFT 11.5. • Reviewed the QTP Scripts developed by the team members. • Created Customs functions for some grids which are not recognized by QTP. • Created Generic Functions in VB Script for both Windows and Web based applications. • Developed a Hybrid Framework using QTP/UFT 11.5. • Conducted functional regression testing for - more...","QTP Automation Expert","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 7, 2014","5.0"
"Low turnover","The mangaement style varies from location to locaion. I've had some wonderful management and some I wish not to comment. Overall a decent place to work a lot of perks however the salary isn't very competitive.","Commercial Collateral Monitoring Processor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 7, 2014","4.0"
"Great staff","This is a good company to work for but the turn-over was ridiculous.","Banking Representative","Former Employee","Fords, NJ","April 4, 2014","4.0"
"Current Job","I love my job, enjoying helping others. I work with a great group of co-workers. My job can be challenging at times, but I can handle it. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping customers remain in their homes.","Default Loss Mitigation","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 4, 2014","5.0"
"In-Store is a Circus","If you have a college degree ( major Business/Finance/Accounting etc) the only reason you should even take this position is for the steady paycheck while you: take classes on the side and/or look for a more lucrative position. That is unless you are one of those crazy people that enjoy retail banking. Despite what this bank preaches, the in-store positions offer limited opportunity for growth and awful hours including mandatory three weekends a month (though depending on your branch manager, that maybe flexible) If this bank was the Mormon church, the in-store FSCs are the missionaries they send out on bikes to go door to door to spread the beliefs of the Mormon Church, except in store FSCs go aisle to aisle of the Giant grocery stores, marketing this bank. (I could go on and on with that comparison, but I'll just leave it at that) The one good thing about the position, unlike most retail banks this bank sales goals are relatively low, lower bonus levels are easily obtainable (though not really lucrative) and they aren't too strict on under-performing FSCs (yet. I can tell that this is soon to change)","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Washington DC Area","April 3, 2014","3.0"
"not applicable","NOtHING NOTHING NOtHING NOTHING NOTHING. not appplicable. nice place to work. nice benefits","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","April 3, 2014","4.0"
"Friendly people to work with","I have played a huge part in my position as a team player. I have assisted other workers in projects, assisted other workers to get the work load at a set pace. My reviews have been outstanding from my supervisors. I have learned many new jobs at my department and fulfilled my supervisors expectations of me. The enjoyable part of my job is working with other co-workers who make the day go by smoothly by good attitudes and a friendly work area. My management has been there for me, to help me in decisions of my future.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","First Avenue Operations Center, Pgh Pa","April 3, 2014","4.0"
"no life, expectations too high","I am what's called a 'switcher.' They have unrealistic goals you have to meet, called referrals. I love working with customers, but just the company has some tough expectations on their employees. You have to make everyday commitments and my manager looks down on you if they aren't met. My branch stays short handed and I see why. Glad I'm leaving next week. No matter how much you do, it's never enough. The pay is not much for the job and knowledge you have to have. I'm going somewhere else for same pay and less responsibilities. The customers are surveyed on their experience. If too low you have to be on coaching. If you like stress, never having a weekend off, and never seeing your family then this place is for you.","csa","Former Employee","Indiana","April 3, 2014","3.0"
"Great First Step","Tons of opportunity to start. Salary restriction. Opportunity to advance diminishes.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Kentwood, MI","April 2, 2014","3.0"
"Cooperative team","The various departments work hand in hand so the work gets done smoothly","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Branchbur, NJ","April 2, 2014","3.0"
"Good experience under Banking also experience under Merging banks","always multitasking, generating ideas to increase sales, managers very friendly. Very limited option to value education and match this with compensation.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Des Peres, MO","April 2, 2014","1.0"
"Engaging Environment"," this bank is a company that is innovative keeping with the technology to service today's clients. This a great company that is growing and building upon its brand.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Duluth, GA","April 2, 2014","4.0"
"I felt it was a great privledge to work for such a large company and learn so much about the corporate world.","I was able to implement the company policies well, I understood them and the need for them provided the government restrictions. I enjoyed the people I worked with and the outside vendors very much. The job was time sensitive, but I was able to complete it and do a good job. I won several awards for accuracy as well as productivity. I received a great deal of daily information that I still use today.","Home Loan Closer Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2014","4.0"
"Friendly atmosphere","Great place to work. Employee involvement. management was caring","Short Sale Negotiator","Former Employee","cleveland","April 1, 2014","5.0"
"HORRIFIC in Birmingham Alabama","DO NOT go to work for this bank in Birmingham, AL in particular the Birmingham West Region it is the most unethical and horrific work environment I've EVER worked for in my 10+years in bank management. The Regional Manager for B'ham West is beyond horrible and is why you will CONSTANTLY see positions open in the Birmingham/Tuscaloosa area, there is always approx. 20%-30% vacancy in positions in the Birmingham West market because of the regional manager and the unethical manner he will force upon employees to manipulate their sales results. DO NOT GO WORK FOR this bank in Birmingham, Alabama....DON'T DO IT!!! this bank is a great company but the Birmingham market operates under its on rules that are wrong.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","March 31, 2014","1.0"
"Great work/Life balance.","I feel that no matter what the difficulty or issue is outside of work they make time for you to balance it. Co-workers will work with you and it makes the job a lot less stressful knowing what is expected of you coming in and that goals are set to obtain and thrive.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2014","5.0"
"Changed banking and placed of work","-good pay. -expensive medical insurance options. -ok other benefits. -no life -work balance for in-store branches. -huge pressure for sales","Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","March 29, 2014","3.0"
" this bank has a great development program and offers great opportunities for hard working individuals","A typical day at work involves supporting 5-7 Senior Bankers through prospecting, cold calls, financial modeling, and creating pitch books to increase our market position in the southeast. Other day-to-day responsibilities include client interactions to provide products/services or solve issues, deliver Term Sheets/Commitment Letters, monitoring the deal process from execution to closing. I've learned that having a winning and can do attitude is important in this business. Being positive and open breeds success. More importantly, that building lasting relationships with both clients and co-workers is critical Management is key to the success of the team. However, in order for managers to be effective in their role, they need to have empowered employees who not only hold themselves accountable but also management. The Management team that I've worked for has had a tremendous amount of industry knowledge and had a great deal of success in banking. Being a Senior Associate supporting several Senior Bankers 'co-workers' is a great opportunity to learn and gain experience but also to build a personal relationship with your co-workers. My co-workers are a thoughtful group of people who are passionate about their role, clients, and ultimately winning but also share that same sense of passion as it relates to the team setting in the office. Each person wants to see the other person succeed and has always offered advice or ways that they could help an individual advance or accomplish a goal. The hardest part of the job is saying No. In an environment that is fun - more...","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 29, 2014","4.0"
"Great Co-workers","I work with a lot of great people. There really is no typical day, each day is different. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that in working with such great people, we can all learn from each other different aspects of our job.","Sr Loan Closer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 27, 2014","4.0"
"Good atmosphere for mid-market bank."," this bank Mortgage has a good management team and a great understanding of the market. They stay on top of new products and programs and provide a lot of support for their loan officers.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","March 27, 2014","4.0"
" this bank Investments - the good, the bad, the ugly","Work / Personal life balance was amazing - flexible hours, work from home ability, etc. Cant beat it. As with most companies, this bank's health insurance has taken a nose dive. The only options now are a high deductible plan or a higher deductible plan....sad. Upper management at the investment department has changed over the past couple years and not for the better.","Vice President","Former Employee","cleveland, ohio","March 27, 2014","4.0"
"Great job if you're looking for part time job or","This is a great job if you're looking for a part time job or retired. It's not a great job for a single mom or even parents looking to make a decent amount of money.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2014","3.0"
"great place to work","management not around a lot and part timers had to work every Saturday.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","South Lyon, MI","March 26, 2014","4.0"
"Management did not make you feel as if your work was good enough even though we received praise from the business groups I serviced.","Maintain over one thousand Windows servers. Responsible for working with business units to provide correct servers for the application. Maintained several applications that provided important audits for the bank which provided reports necessary for successful audit.","Senior Technical Platform Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2014","3.0"
"customer service","answering customer calls, dealing with financial accounts and products.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2014","3.0"
" this bank status employment","Hey guys I applied for a Postion with this bank. I was extanded the opportunity after I took the language test and I haven't heard from them since and I just checked the status and it said no longer inconsideration and I was told the date for training and all. Any feedback will be great.","teller","Current Employee","chicago","March 25, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place to work","Employees and managers are warm and friendly. Flexible with appointments and family. Opportunities to learn something new every day.","Teller","Current Employee","Shepherdsville, KY","March 25, 2014","5.0"
"not fun","The most enjoyable part was being my own boss. I really didn't learn anything the was just a temp. Job not my field.","maintenenance","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 25, 2014","1.0"
"Co-Workers","Typical day at the job is dealing with customers and trying to get all of our referrals with the customers that come into the branch. I learned a lot while at this bank. I learned how to be a role model and a leader within the work place. I also learned how to deal with customers on daily basis and give them the five star treatment. My Teller Supervisor is a great lady and anyone that has her as a manager would feel the same way. She motivates us to be the best we can be at the work site. The hardes part of this job is dealing with angry customers and trying to get all the information such as referrals done since this is a slow branch. The most enjoyable part is dealing with appreciated customers and building new relationships.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington DC","March 25, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced enviorment","Overall, this was a basic office enviornment with a chance to progress within the company. The management had an open door policy and I liked the pace of this job.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2014","3.0"
"Overall great job","Reviewed appraisals. set values, collected property related data via internet + othe sources. Fielded loan officer requests via phone and e-mail. Colaborated with management to exceed management expectations.","COLLATERAL REVIEWER","Former Employee","Remote, worked from home office.","March 24, 2014","4.0"
"Great Atmosphere","Processed checks worked in retail lock box department. Very fast paced.","Payment Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 24, 2014","5.0"
"no career growth","As a customer banking teller and mentor, my primary goal is to create a welcoming environment in the branch, build rapport and provide outstanding service to the bank clients and new employees. I am responsible for performing accurate account transactions which mirror the sales process (Opportunity Management, Needs Assessment, Present/Pitch, Fulfillment, and Follow Up) in my daily work to create a positive client experience.","Customer banking teller and new employee mentor","Current Employee","Cedar Knolls, NJ","March 21, 2014","5.0"
"Great working team that works together to meet our branch goals","I really enjoy working with this bank. I work mostly with the operations of the branch to make sure we stay in compliance with all the regulations that the bank has to follow. I feel like this bank is going to a more sales driven bank and my passion is with operations. I enjoy keeping up with all the reports I do as well as helping customers and maintaining the operation level needed to run the branch.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Raleigh NC","March 21, 2014","5.0"
"love the interaction with clients and co-workers","I truly enjoy my co-workers and helping the clients with their banking needs."," this bank BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Venice, FL","March 20, 2014","3.0"
"Pushy sales for little compensation","typical day includes servicing all customer accounts while trying to sell a this bank product.","Teller","Current Employee","Wake Forest, NC","March 20, 2014","3.0"
"A night at this bank","Come in at 4 assist the receiving department to prep the work for proof encoder. Correct and balance customer accounts to ensure they received the correct amount in their account. Encode when needed.","Operations Senior Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2014","5.0"
"Senior Account Executive","My day typically begins by working on scheduling, and follow up with Pre-planned appointments for the day. This is usually represented by about 90 percent Self Sourcing, and some Company Leads. I then spend about 1-2 Hours max reviewing my Pipeline Report for my existing Loans I am working on, and communicating directly with my Processor in follow up with my Clients. By 1pm, I am out on a direct Route I have established for myself, meeting and greeting with my Realtor base of around 20-25 Agents within a given week. I continue to build their Loyalty, and pull in Business for this bank. I cultivate multiple relationships within a given transaction from the Borrower, to the both the Seller, and Buying Agents all the way to the Closings with the Title Company. I usually average 4-5 Applications Per week that convert to 5-10 Closed Transactions Per Month. I love my job, but I simply need a new challenge in Sales.","Senior Account Executive","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 19, 2014","3.0"
"Nice call center work environment","Collect on past due accounts, assist with floor walking and escalated calls, assist with updating collection projects.","Senior Team Lead","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 19, 2014","5.0"
"High paced workplace with little room for advancement","Daily routine consists of managing the workflow production floor of over 50 employees in a high paced environment. I have learned to multitask duties to obtain optimum performance off employees in order to meet customer deadlines. Hardest part of my job is to gain the confidence of my fellow employees which takes time as well as learning to use the correct people skills with each individual employee. Most enjoyable part of my job would be each day gaining more knowledge of what I do. Example learning more of the system and trouble shooting problems. I believe the more empowdered you are the strong you are for your employees.","opertions work lead 1","Current Employee","itasca, illinois","March 19, 2014","3.0"
"Do not understand work/life","A typical day is expected routine. I enjoy to satisfy the client but tough to get vacation schedule needed, even request in 6 month advance.","Operator Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 18, 2014","2.0"
"A Productive And Growing Company That Feels Like A Second Family","A typical day at work is coming into a descent size work environment where you are around professional experienced individuals that are very friendly and very helpful when needed. There is a lot of training involved due to different changes within your position or the company What I really like is how your managers go to bat for their employees when certain departments have escalations in regards to the mortgage loans that you are currently working on. this bank treats their employees like the professionals that we are to where we aren't strapped to our chairs or have to ask to get up from our desk. It's a great work environment and time really flies due to you staying busy. This company is constantly growing and I have repeatedly recommended it to others, and I always continue to do so.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great Company","Great company. I've truly enjoyed working at this bank. Good corporate culture, very team oriented. The benefits and pay have also been good.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Riverdale, MD","March 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great Team atmosphere","People treat you like family genuinely care about how you are doing and offer to help if there is anything wrong","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 18, 2014","5.0"
"A typical day for me is described below","I open the branch, make sure the tellers have enough cash to handle the needs of the day. We have a sales meeting where we set our daily sales goals and how we are going to achieve them. I provide quality customer to my customers. I coach my tellers so they can achieve the desired results as well as making sure they are providing quality customer service. We have a wrap up meeting to see how everyone did and what we can change to achieve the goals we set in the morning.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Bloomfield, MI","March 18, 2014","4.0"
"Customer Service","A typical work day would be assisting customers with hew accounts, making deposits, and withdraws.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 17, 2014","3.0"
"Great Company","Great Company to work for! Work life balance and training are first rate.","Regional Sales Service Support Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 17, 2014","5.0"
"Please see resume.","Trust Officer responsible for fiduciary management of over 100 accounts comprising of investment management, custody, trusts, estates, and retirement accounts. Participated in sales effort, which included initial contact with prospects to discuss trust and estate planning needs. Prepared comprehensive asset reports for clients in order to identify estate and financial planning needs. Assisted clients with the funding of trusts and handled the administration of wills and decedent's estates. Worked closely with local professionals to source new business as well as bring in local professionals to assist with client's estate and financial planning needs. Developed relationships with local professionals in the Fredericksburg area including attorneys, tax professionals, accounting firms, financial planners, insurance specialists, Realtors, home health care providers, funeral home directors, hospitals, nursing homes, probate and circuit court clerks and area commissioners of accounts.","Trust Officer","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 17, 2014","5.0"
"Large company and easy to get lost in","Your just a number. Easy to not be noticed. Round hole in square peg.","METRICS and ANALYTICS SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 16, 2014","3.0"
"Productive workplace with great compensation.","Most enjoyable part of the job are you this bank BANK customers.Although the job does require you to push products that may or may not fit every customer.","FINANICAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","fredericksburg, va","March 14, 2014","4.0"
" this bank is a company that provides great benefits to their customers and employees.","At this bank we provided all financial services to Customers, from Retail Banking needs, to Mortgage and loan services, etc. I learned the importance of building good relationships with customers so that they will consider the company as their first and primary source for all financial needs, services, and products. Management consisted of hardworking, dedicated individuals who strived hard to make this bank one of the best companies to work for; and provide great financial services and products to consumers and businesses My co-workers were also very hardworking, team players that were aware of this bank expectations and motto; these employees represented the company well. I was very proud to be part of that team of individuals.","Default Services","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 13, 2014","4.0"
"Productuve Workplace","Sending car titles to either customers, insurance companies, credit unions, or dealerships once the loan has been paid in full. No question is a stupid question. Know where your work is coming from, how to do it and where it goes after it leaves your desk.","Collateral Associate Clerk I","Current Employee","Consumer Loan Center Pittsburgh, PA. 15222","March 12, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","best consumer, and business banking in the market. Work consists of daily quick start huddles, where the goals and objectives of the day are laid out, following with a focus daily on one or two sales and service areas. Working with all levels of management was very easy and all management seemed to be hands on.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Columbus Ohio","March 12, 2014","5.0"
"Fun workplace with valuable life skills","Excellent management. Good, hard-working employees. Opportunity to earn valuable and insightful financial tools that can be both used in and out of the workplace. Primarily accountable for the efficient execution of the customer experience, and realization of growth goals set for the branch, as well as, ensuring that our customers experience excellent service and satisfaction in all contacts at the teller line. • Contribute to ensure that the branch can satisfy its growth and revenue plans through the attainment of all sales referral goals established • Ensure excellent teller operational performance through adherence to and compliance with all policies and procedures • Products knowledge includes checking accounts, savings accounts, this bank Virtual Wallet, basic lending and other consumer banking products.","Teller","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","March 12, 2014","4.0"
" this bank Mortgage, the newest division of this bank.","• Typical banking hours, 8-4:30pm. • Thoroughly educated on operations management. • Strong team environment among peer employees. • Pro: Steady pipeline. • Con: Software mis-management.","Mortgage Operations Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","March 11, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","Great position for just starting. Pay is not the best but the people are easy to work with. Hard for advancement based on company rules.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Jamesburg, NJ","March 11, 2014","4.0"
"Great Experiance","This was my first professional career. This has given me a wonderful start to finding my career.","Teller","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","March 10, 2014","5.0"
"OK job","The job is ok if you could get enough hours to pay to drive into work.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Chillicothe, OH","March 10, 2014","3.0"
"Job Culture","Working for this bank was great. They were always rewarding us and recognizing employees. I just wish they paid better and gave more room for higher salaries.","Underwriting Team Lead","Former Employee","Whitehall, Ohio","March 10, 2014","4.0"
"It is a nice company but hard to advance when you have a degree in MBA.","I am thankful for the job, I just want to do and learn more about what the company does.","Monitoring and Control Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 9, 2014","4.0"
"Great Company, Horrible Compensation Plans","Overall this bank is a good place to work. However, they have a tough compensation package for entry level employees aspiring to gain a higher position. If you start off on the low end of a salary range, more than likely you will stay there no matter how many promotions you receive.","HR Representative","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","March 9, 2014","3.0"
"Great place to work","The most enjoyable part of the job was getting people in accounts that best suited their needs. Peers are supportive in teamwork.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA","March 9, 2014","1.0"
"Great company"," this bank is a great place to work. A typical day is challenging but exciting. this bank has experienced an enormous amount of growth over the past 10 years, and this has resulted in a lot of change.","Sebior Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","March 7, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed the interaction with the public.","Wonderful hours, very structured day. Nice customers and coworkers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ocean City, MD","March 7, 2014","4.0"
"Don't believe the hype","They typically don't promote from within. I worked in one of their newer markets and they treated the people that were acquired from the other banks like they were dirt. The people they hired in from the other banks, though, were the golden ones until they wanted to get rid of them. There are good people that work there but they are in the branches. The people at regional level and above are horrible. My regional manager would berate managers on conference calls while others listened in. The hardest part of the job was working for someone who treated people this way. The best part was the people in the branch. The expectations are unreal and when you aren't hitting goal they beat you up but when you exceed goal there is no recognition. The company is a joke.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","United States","March 7, 2014","1.0"
"Forward thinking company; ideal positioning for building a career in finance","My work day typically involves financial reporting and analysis related to my line of business within the bank. This involves database research as well as regular and open commnications with colleagues and segment partners. Any downtime leaves the opportunity to explore avenues of development such as various trainings and/or presentations offered by the bank. The most enjoyable part of the job is that it is easy to come across and learn something new all the time. It hepls to be able to stay abreast of the constant changes in the industry.","Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2014","4.0"
"Growing Bank in The Atlanta Area","Powerful Bank that has a lot of potential in the Atlanta area, but needs to be more selective with the choosing of their executive leadership in the market. Upper management is not as competent in b2b sales process needed for a new market","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 6, 2014","3.0"
"Stable job but not a career","Overall a decent place to work. I am speaking from a corporate function side and do notice a difference between corporate and line of business specific cultures. Good luck trying to advance in this bank and if you do decide to take an opportunity to work here - make sure you negotiate all you can up front cause annual increases are in the 2-3% range and the bonus plan is horrible. All the compensation stays at the top in this enterprise and there is no motivation to do anymore than the bare minimum required by your role. There is an upside as if you are at the end of your career or need a 9-5 job that does not require much after-hours focus due to personal/family obligations. That said - if you are mid career - this is not the place for you as you will be held back from a development perspective.","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 6, 2014","3.0"
"teller","I learned a lot about finances and banking. I know the ins and outs of banking in all aspects.","Retail Banker","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","March 5, 2014","5.0"
"Competetive Business Solutions","Team Meeting in the morning followed by coaching and feedback observations. Outbound small business calls focusing on 1 million in revenue and less Sending agendas out to set the stage for the meeting. Delivering excellent customer service, top 3 Five Star branches in Alabama measured by Gallup. Schedule appointments with Eco Partners to uncover COI in my area. Recruiting and Training for all this bank branches. Overcoming obstacles and providing solutions.","Small Business Banker","Current Employee","Birmingham, Al","March 5, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and great working enviroment"," this bank was a great company to work for. I was impressed with the amount of training that they provide. The only item I would address is there seems to be a lack of communication within the company overall. The recruiting processes for new hires needs work. Seems to be many shortfalls in this area.","Sales Quality Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 5, 2014","4.0"
"Productive","Very good company to work for with great benefits for employees.","Full time Personal Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","March 4, 2014","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","Started like every other banking day and had audits, customer service, goals, vault, cahs handling, coaching and mentoring.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","March 3, 2014","5.0"
"Great job for single parents","A typical day at work is 8:15 to 5:15 Monday- Friday you will take a training course for a week and the instructor teach you everything you will need to about how to be a teller. I have a awesome Branch Manager that is understanding and always willing to help us out. I enjoy interacting with the customers and meeting their needs. Our branch are more like family members than just co-works. The hardest part of the job is being knowledgeable about the products that they offer I learn something new everyday. I am glad that I took the job because this bank believe in their employers and they are family orientate company.","Teller","Current Employee","Talladega, AL","March 2, 2014","4.0"
"Great learning enviornment!","A typical day of work includes diversity in a fast paced environment. You are able to achieve and grow within company. Great environment for growth!","Teller Supervisor I","Current Employee","Township of Monroe, NJ","February 28, 2014","4.0"
"OK place to work, promotions are difficult","This branch is considered a banking center which means it has higher volumes of transactions and customers on a daily basis. I handle many different types of transactions including cashing checks, deposits, payments, etc. I am also responsible for referring customers for different products this bank as to offer including credit cards, investments, and different types of accounts. Co-workers are great, management is ok.","Teller","Current Employee","Robinson, PA","February 28, 2014","4.0"
"It's been over 15 years since I work for this bank.","I enjoy my time when I work for the bank because I learn how to manage my finances. as well as learning about Mortgages and customer service.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 28, 2014","4.0"
"Rewarding Financial Career","Daily working with a team in a service and sales environment to deepen client relationships and share of wallet to increase revenue through cross-sale opportunities to meet clients needs/ goals/ desires. Most enjoyable piece of this position at this bank is that you bring value to clients financial well-being that changes their lives forever. It is very rewarding Hardest part is coaching a team as a whole versus in individual settings since each member of the team has separate skill sets, expertise, learning techniques, and incentive structures. I have learned that as long as you act in the better interest of the client you will always be successful.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Melbourne, FL","February 28, 2014","3.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","productive and fun workplace, had a WII system in the breakroom, needed a lunch counter.","Team Lead - Sr. Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville FL","February 27, 2014","4.0"
"Fun and Challenging job","My typical consist of providing excellent customer service with everyday banking needs and suggesting products and services that may be valuable to customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","February 27, 2014","4.0"
"valuable place to work.","To work at a bank is to receive the greatest lesson to survive as an indepant adult in both the business world or life in general. You learn the in and out of many accounts. For example, checking, saving, ira, investments, business, lines of credit etc.","Back-up Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 27, 2014","5.0"
"mixed experience","I wanted to become a licensed broker, and found it impossible to transfer into another department. After many attempts to move up or into another area, I was hired at Vanguard (a mutual fund) company near Philadeplphia, and presented this bank with my offer. It was very disappointing that after years of honing my skills, opportunities for advancement were not open were I was employed.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 26, 2014","5.0"
"Working at this bank was a Great Experience!","A typical day at work for me was serving my wonderful customers. Always giving them the best 5 star Customer Service!!","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Indianapolis, In","February 25, 2014","5.0"
"Management","Working in a multi-layered management organization can be both challenging and rewarding. Working with several different managerial leaders has given me the opportunity to become myself a better leader.","Vice President","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 24, 2014","4.0"
"An experienced professional with a great work ethic working in a productive environment.","Working at this bank has taught me valuable lessons of interfacing and communicating with clients and has effectively helped me to work with a team of mutual goals.","Office Manager","Current Employee","Melville, NY","February 23, 2014","5.0"
"Competitive and changing work environment","There is no average day here - your day will be determined by the customers who walk in the door. Fast-paced environment with high goals.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lebanon, IN","February 23, 2014","3.0"
"It was an good company"," this bank is a good place to work it's well organized and they put costumers first.","Check Processor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 22, 2014","5.0"
"First job at this bank","Good experience to start my career. Good first step into the accounting and hedge fund industry","Alternative Investment Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, de","February 21, 2014","4.0"
"Interaction with the customers with games/trivia ability to help them acheive their dream","Come in to open the branch getting it set up for the days work. Quick start. Banking has changed and its more than just making deposits for customers and withdrawals. Ive learned how to spot investments and wealth management accounts. I've learned how to take applications for auto loans and personal lines of credit. My co-workers are very supportive and we work as a team which is great! The hardest part of the job is trying to navigate customers to the atm and to get them to the branch...especially after a long day at work. The most enjoyable part of my job is working with the public, I really enjoy working with people","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Largo Maryland","February 19, 2014","2.0"
"A very nice company to work for.","I have always wanted to work for this bank, so when I finally got a call for an interview I was excited and ready to go. Before I got the job I was claiming it was mine. There are so many people in the company that want you to succeed and assist you with moving up. The only thing that bothers me is the way management is set up.","Registered Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2014","5.0"
" this bank Review","A typical day at this bank will be spent cashing or depositing checks. You must balance your drawer two, to three times, daily. Once when you come in to work, and once mid day, and always once before you leave. Each teller is given their own drawers. Management was perfect, along with co workers. The hardrest part of the job is dealing with dificult customers and balancing your drawer. If you are more than ten dollars off, a manager must audit you before you leave work. The most enjoyable part of the job was being apart of a team that legitimately cares about you and has your back. Like soldiers in the trenches of World War I, being a part of a teller team has similar sentiments of fellowship.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hanover, PA","February 18, 2014","5.0"
"Nice staff to work with","Productive and challenging Worked with the public one on one as well as on the phone. I had the opportunity to work with people from all walks of life. I believe this is my strength.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","February 18, 2014","3.0"
"Great work place!","Awesome work environment, Awesome Managers, and Awesome co-workers The co workers are willing to lend a helping hand, work at your pace with little supervision.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","February 18, 2014","4.0"
"Great internship place","-Strong culture. -Great exposure to various business areas. -Growing business"," this bank Advisor Internship","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 18, 2014","4.0"
"hard selling required","I only worked there for a few months. I liked my Manager and co-workers. Manager has retired. I worked on the teller line doing various client transactions related to all banking aspects for tellers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 17, 2014","2.0"
