"Current Employee","I like where I work, just wish the pay was better. I would like more details as it relates to training its almost not available at this bank. Its needs to be","Compliance Testing Analyst II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 9, 2018","4.0"
"The best","Great benefits, work-life balance, team building events, and just a great place to be long term. (including childcare when you need it temporarily or in home care) -very flexible company. I worked in the audit department.","INTERNAL AUDITOR SENIOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 8, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work","At this bank, the sixth-largest bank in the country by assets, customers can earn a $50 sign-up bonus with a checking, savings and money market comboca","SDET","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to learn and grow","Meet a lot of new people and had many different positions there. I have seen a lot of changes also. To make and maintain the company compliance wirh state and federal government","Document Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Structure","Very compliance oriented, however the advancement opportunities are non-existent. I want to be in management and want to have a home where I may be able to share my experiences and success with my team.","Loan Officer Ellicott City","Current Employee","Ellicott City, MD","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company","I love the company, I am just struggling to get an advancement in my career or even an interview despite my qualifications. I will say that some of my coworkers have had fewer issues. Overall I don't want to be retail anymore and recruiters are not working with me internally. My managers (past and present) are doing their best to help me succeed.","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 8, 2018","4.0"
"Poor Management","Job environment was good at first. Management is ridiculous and unorganized. Staff is amazing and good people, they deserve better management and more money for what they do.","CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPPORT III SR","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 7, 2018","1.0"
"Productive and enjoyable culture","This was the least stressful job i have had in underwriting many years. Great culture and work environment to work. They truly practiced the work and life culture","AVP","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 7, 2018","4.0"
"Isolated review","I think my review may be biased due to the management I worked under during my time at this bank. Unfortunately that manager was rude, unethical and quite literally verbally abusive to their staff. The team I worked with was excellent though - very hard working, friendly, supportive of one another. Pay was mediocre, and the bonus program was pretty much a joke. Benefits were good though, and there were lots of opportunities to advance if you were able to stick things out.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","February 7, 2018","3.0"
"24/7 culture. You are always on call.","Typical day begins at 7:30am answering e-mails from previous evening and early morning. Workplace culture morphed into a 24/7 need to be available. That was the hardest part of the job. The most enjoyable part was the meeting, hiring, & assisting them in their jobs.","Senior Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","February 7, 2018","4.0"
"Lack of Management","There is not a good system of management. Most of the managers expect you to read their minds and their is no clear instructions given. Makes for a very difficult place to work. Also, fo the amount of traffic in the branches, sales goals are unreasonable for bonuses.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","O'Fallon, IL","February 7, 2018","1.0"
"Review","Typical day involved processing home loan documents - I learned procurement - the management was poor - got to personal with employees, there was nothing hard about this job.","Document Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 7, 2018","4.0"
"Fast pace environment","I was required to produce extensive reports as well as assist annually with United Way. Overall this was a fair place of employment but required a lot of duties that required me to engage in banking of which I had no interest in.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Washington, DC 20006","February 7, 2018","3.0"
"It is a great company. Great experience of banking services.","• Coached new hired employees. • Coached and prepared employees for the bank semi-annual audit. • Coached and engaged branch team members to refer products to clients. • Provided profit and loss management ideas.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","February 6, 2018","5.0"
"great place to work","I really enjoyed my time at this bank. It was a good environment to work, Management was great, pay was ok. I come from a back ground of credit, at this bank I learned a lot about the retail side. The hardest part of the job was explaining fees and the repetition of the calls.","Advisor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Work Day at this bank - Collaborative & Competitive","A day at this bank starts early at 7. My project is a data migration project that is at quite a demanding phase. The management is quite helpful and at the same time are completely aware of what they are doing. Its a collaborative & competitive work culture where you learn and share your experiences. Working with bigger teams can be equally painful as it can be fun. Fortunately the team here is fun and all hard to reach milestones seems easier with a work culture like this.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great Teamwork"," this bank seems to go through frequent changes, but because of good management, and an overall good team, working for this bank was great. this bank seems to be a little dated compared to other banks, and I believe it were a bit more advanced, the company and the employees will benefit greatly.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Temple Terrace, FL","February 6, 2018","3.0"
"great place to work for steady low pay","I worked for this bank lockbox as an operations specialist for nearly ten years. I enjoyed my job overall, and was happy with my work. The issues that I encountered were the increasing amount of work without any increased pay also my manager hovered and watched every move that I made along with others. I get that, that was a part of his job, but most adults do not like to be micro managed. For example, my bathroom time down to the seconds was clocked. It is a high paced production environment, but certain things like relieving your bladder should not be managed. Also so much negative emphasis would be placed on one error rather than the 1000+ correct things you've already entered. I learned a lot and I respect that job for my growth; with that being said, I am so glad that I left. My pay has increased, I am no longer being micromanaged, and I meet all of my deadlines on time with no issues. Also If I happen to make a mistake, my supervisor talks to me with respect to remedy any concerns. I no longer feel like my livelihood is threatened with each error.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","February 6, 2018","3.0"
"It's a good place to work (in operations)","I've had the opportunity to learn a lot and advance my career within operations. My manager cares about me as a person and promotes my professional development. I moved to a larger city in my same role so pay is not where I'd want it to be.","Business Analyst II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Good company","It was a good company to work for, it was very difficult to get loans to close in a timely manner. I was able to support branches to help customers with their mortgage needs and interact with the branch employees.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","West Dundee, IL","February 6, 2018","3.0"
"Great","I love working at this bank it was great place to work I enjoyed my time there management was amazin and i would have stayed had it been eady to advance with in the company","I","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 6, 2018","4.0"
"Most relaxed banking institution","No support from regional management. Relax company to work for. When you have management they can be supportive. Sales goes are relaxed compared to competitive companies.","Acting Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 5, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work, good job community","A typical day was fun but challenging. I was able to do multiple projects while relying on my team to help us move forward as a branch and company. The sales aspect of the job pushed me to work harder to receive bigger bonuses at the end of the quarter. My manager was invested in my growth with the company along with making sure we left work at the office and not at home.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","North Canton, OH","February 5, 2018","5.0"
"n/a","Great Place to work , management is great with developing employee skills and give great opportunities for advancement.nothing bad to say about this company.","Quality Review Analyst 1","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 5, 2018","5.0"
"Busy place with many concurrent priorities","A good place to work - can be very stressful depending on management styles and preferences. Some long time stars on staff were a joy to work with on projects.","Learning Project Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 5, 2018","4.0"
"The good the bad and the ugly"," this bank is excellent for diversity, and the computer systems are very advanced. But it may not be easy to change your initial role, so start changing your role as soon as you can. If you can help it, do not take stretch goals, which may hurt your career if you have any implementation issues. Other than that, people are nice and it's an easy place to be with your coworkers. It's also a great place to get experience.","EDM","Current Employee","North Carolina","February 5, 2018","3.0"
"Stressful place to work. High paced with deadlines due every day.","Challenging position with stringent deadlines due on a daily basis. Overtime required and new assignments were given without the luxury of being properly trained.","Legal Secretary to the Chief Market Counsel","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","February 5, 2018","4.0"
"TERRIBLE Place of Employment","this was a horrible place to work. No one trusted anyone and yu are expected to be there even when you are not feeling well. Don't become friends with anyone you work with because you will get stabbed in the back","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","February 4, 2018","1.0"
"Best Bank to work for","Long tenure at this company...Hard work is rewarded. Good, solid management team across the board. Good community recognition and support. Diverse.","Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 4, 2018","4.0"
"Call center","I did not see a likeliness to advance out of the call center, which was my goal, I was told in six month I could apply for jobs outside the call center and when I got to that point I was told it's actually one year and there are many people who had been their longer than me also applying to get out of the call center. I found this very disappointing. I found the micro management of statistics to be very emotionally exhausting even though I had five years of customer service experience before working at this job. I did not mind performing job duties required but I did mind being critiqued in the manner that I was .","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","February 3, 2018","3.0"
"Be a big producer or go somewhere else","Being a brand new Mortgage Loan officer I didn't realize it would take 1.5 year to 2 or more years to create the relationships that would lead to getting enough loans to pay the bills. 1.5 years in and you learn from mistakes, that you should have someone mentoring you through. To be successful here you need to established with outside relationships. Need to bring in over a million a month on your own to make a regular 60K salary. The pay out is based on tiering schedule, so less than that really doesn't help pay your bills. The base pay is non-forgivable, which means you pay it back. So you have to make sure you are closing every month enough to cover the base pay and enough to make a living for yourself. If you have a month without closings, they pay your base salary, but next month they will take it out of your pay. If you make 2000 and owe 500 because of a deficit you get paid 1500.00. You don't need a state license, but if you are licensed you can get better pay working for a banker or broker. Much higher pay.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","New York State","February 3, 2018","3.0"
"good culture but fails at branch level","when you go to train it is an awesome experience for the first 2 weeks but when you get in the branch it derails quickly. my teller supervisor had an attitude would not help with me with questions even though i had never been in this environment before. she was friends with many of our customers on social media and was dating the guy who came to take the shred every week. everyone knew her business and it was embarrassing to say the least. I told the DM but to my knowledge nothing was done.","teller","Former Employee","Lumberton, NC","February 2, 2018","1.0"
"Coworkers were like family, work was stressful","The team I worked with felt like family. Management was understanding and worked with people for scheduling. Over time was always available. Learned on the job and worked with internal business divisions to provide excellent service support for their B2B.","Onboarding Transmissions Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2018","5.0"
"Office environment with cubes or work from home","I love doing what I do. this bank strives to be a leader in the banking industry.I am always busy and time passes quickly. I feel I have job security in my present position. this bank offers a work life balance by permitting employees to work from home.I enjoy being able to work from home several days a week it permits me to spend additional time with my children by eliminating the commute time.","Asset management Application Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2018","4.0"
"N/a","Supervisory/management were non production personnel not in touch with reality. Revenue oriented which flies in the face of a fiduciary responsibility for the client.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Bucks County, PA","February 2, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work","Good company to work for, as long as your not a teller in a retail bank. With the amount of responsibilities you have as a teller, the hourly rate dose not justify the risk.","Teller","Former Employee","London, OH","February 2, 2018","3.0"
"great","Good work environment, good pay, friendly employees, employee discounts, plenty of time off...........................................................","ATM Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 2, 2018","4.0"
"Not wanting to post an opinion","Typical days were long, learned a lot, management changes, this is upsetting to be forced to write about a typical day, what I've learned, management workplace culture","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 1, 2018","2.0"
"Work Elsewhere"," this bank starts your career with a mask on but eventually you come to realize that they are all about the dollar and not the customer nor employee. The even sadder things though is when your manager no longer wants you around they concoct accusations that are so ridiculous just to make sure you are terminated.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Odenton, MD","February 1, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company to work for if it is your first job..","Great Company to work for if it is your first job... Very nice environment to work if you are under 30 and live with your parents... It is a family environment that look at cares about each other..","Service Associate","Current Employee","New York, NY","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"productive and competitive place to work","I have worked in many departments at this bank providing excellent customer service, but the most enjoyable part of the job is to be able to help customer to become financially independent.","Operations Officer","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","January 31, 2018","4.0"
"Very unsympathitic.","Was extreme lack of communication and accountability. Managers were often not around. I worked open to close almost every day for 3 months with no days off. I wore many hats without any managers appreciating my efforts. Very disappointing.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","January 31, 2018","1.0"
"sell sell sell","all about sales, not about customer service, the pressure to sell is very high, and the compensation is not really worth all of the pressure. If there were sellable products it would make life much easier!","Customer Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Upper Gwynedd, PA","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to work","Typically arrive at 8:30 and left by 5:30. Had to work at least 2 Tuesday evenings a month until 7:00 pm. The management is ok. There is a constant pressure to sell.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","January 31, 2018","5.0"
"Upper Management Sucks!","Current regional manager and asst are horrible. Made exceptions for the people they were hanging out with On weekendsFound any reason to fire anybody.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","GA atl south","January 31, 2018","1.0"
"Happy to be gone"," this bank is a large bank that awarded me with many opportunities but I am happy to have switched over. It is highly sales driven and doesn't have much understand for workers with small children","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington City, DC","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"work day","It would be a good thing once you have taken your break or lunches, just to get out of the day to day stress work sometimes brings and you can interact with your fellow emplyess","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 31, 2018","3.0"
"I love working at this bank","It is pretty relaxed and friendly environment to work with this bank. We had an open cube work environment which was difficult at first but then came to know about its uses and benefits. I learned a lot about domain I was working in. I had an amazing manager. Me made the workplace culture relaxed and fun to work in. I really enjoy working with my team mates where everybody is willing to help one another. Credit for this goes to my manager.","Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2018","5.0"
"Distant management","No room for FT highers (if contracted). Remote work is great, in office is not stimulating, very desolate -everyone on the team sits in Pittsburgh (remote office is in Cincinnati).","F5 Network Engineer","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 30, 2018","3.0"
"Train Wreck","Too much off-shore contracting has made their software a nest of vipers, mixed with outdated technologies and a minimal-change = minimal-risk mentality, and this is a death sentence for any programmer with pride in his or her work. I would never recommend working here to any form of IT professional.","Java Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2018","2.0"
"job status","At this bank, you need to make sure you are constantly keeping in contact with external referrals. They will be very important to your overall success. Do not rely on internal business.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","January 30, 2018","3.0"
"Overworked underpaid","Very cut-throat company that did not pay well. The employees were not happy and the management was very poor. Very little room for advancement unless you were female and/or black. Micromanagement was everywhere, and the supervisors and management did not even know very well their departments function(s) they depended too much on the staff to handle all the work and know the answers to questions they should have already known. Nobody worked well together and if they chose to fire a person they just did it on the spot and not try to work out any differences. Just bad all around company to work for. Nothing to offer as an incentive to stay.","Foreign Exchange Trade Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2018","1.0"
"Review"," this bank offers a wide range of services for all customers, from individuals and small businesses, to corporations and government entities. No matter how simple or complicated your needs, this bank is sure to have the products, knowledge and resources necessary for financial success.","Senior Analyst - Market Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2018","2.0"
"I love working for the company.","I absolutely love and enjoy working for the company. The work atmosphere is very laid back. All of my peers are fun to work with. My reporting manager has a positive attitude with all of us and always encourage me to be an exemplary team member.","Operation Associate","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great","Overall a pretty great company to work for! At least my position and the hard worker that I am. Their maternity and parental leave is also 100% great!","ATM Lead","Current Employee","New Castle, PA","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"Fast-paced and stressful.","While I am thankful this bank hired me in after I had been laid-off from my previous 16-year tenure with a local University, I did not realize just how much stress is involved with this position. I understand having carry-over to some extent, but in this job you never catch up to current, you are always behind, and for me that is stressful. It's all about the numbers and production. I consider the benefits to be pretty good, with exception of the sick/occasional leave.","Senior","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 29, 2018","3.0"
"Meets all expectations","I did good and was a meets all expectations in my review. My management team said to work on customer interactions and keep my numbers up! I work hard and love my job.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","I loved working here and enjoyed my team.I would have never left if it weren't for having to relocate to another state.The team building and environment was excellent and the positive attitudes and space for success was unmatched","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 29, 2018","5.0"
"none","I worked for this employer in a number of function, some of them were good, some overly managed. I left the job to pursue other opportunities..........","Investment Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2018","3.0"
"Good Job just not for me","Good job for someone who likes to be inside all of the time.. I quickly learned that I didn't enjoy looking at the same walls all day. Micro management.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Bay Minette, AL","January 28, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work","A good place to work. Salary is becoming more competitive. Enjoyed the company and working for them! Great core values and worked hard to encourage them.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","New York, NY","January 28, 2018","4.0"
"Would not recommend","I loved my job when I started with company but with recent manager changes there is a lot of turnover . It is a stressful environment , long days with limited staff, the sales aren't bad but you are expected to still meet sales goals when your are just trying to get clients daily needs meet in a timely manner. It is a VERY stressful environment.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 26, 2018","2.0"
"Financial services","Balancing commercial and private accounts. Debiting and crediting accounts accordingly. Providing business and personal services to clients to fit their individual needs","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 26, 2018","4.0"
"Summary","A lot of room for development but its hard to advance. Management staff is great but there is not a lot of work life balance with the company. They have a lot of options but it is hard to get time off.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Why cant we fix things","The Help Desk is so worried about customer service, that we cannot fix things. Monthly reviews based on our customer service skills. They don't care if anything gets fixed.","Technical Support Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Stressful.","They care more about making sales calls like telemarketers then their employees. When you work in a branch where you have the same customers all the time it is hard to sell them different products. Or offer them products were they receive perks and then take those perks away. You are told to do things one way by one higher up and then another way by another department. Its conflicting. They want you to be 10 people and pay you for 1. They don't want to hire more employees but blame you for customer wait time, bad surveys, drop in goals etc.","Teller","Former Employee","Hermitage, PA","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Review","VERY poor management! Company was taken over by this bank & too many changes. Lack of communications! Was promised advancement & it never happened. Company made over $4 Billion dollars last year & we all received under a $0.10 cent raise! have fired people that had been there for over 10-15 years & are now bringing in people at a LOWER pay! have people working there that are not working & mangers don't do ANYTHING about it, but, they fire, let go of people whom actually work.. Would NEVER recommend work here!","Account Manager II - Expired Modification","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 26, 2018","2.0"
"Overall a good work environment and inclusive","Production of client pitch books. miscellaneous graphic design. project management. very fast paced. deadlines. diversity. collaboration. people are great","Marketing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2018","4.0"
"Very poor management","The managers at this bank do not know how to manage their people properly. They have favorites that can do no wrong. If they don't like you for any reason they will treat you poorly.","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2018","3.0"
"Good Atmosphere","Peaceful work invironment. Our manager was nice & approachable. Sometimes fast paced but nothing overwhelming. I enjoyed working with & getting to know the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","East Chicago, IN","January 25, 2018","5.0"
"Great Company","I loved working for this bank. it was a great experience and I will recommend anyone to work for there company. They take care of there employees as well as there customers.","Branch Appointment Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 25, 2018","5.0"
"It was okay.","At the branch I worked at, we had busy days and slow days. It felt like I was always out of the loop, though. The girls were each in their own clique. The manager seemed to have favorites, though I know she isn't there anymore.","Teller","Former Employee","Hermitage, PA","January 25, 2018","5.0"
"great team to work with, poor benefits and management","Working here is a good experience in terms of the challenge of the work and the team you work with. However this bank itself is lacking in reasons to keep you as an employee. Their benefits offered are very weak, the salary is nothing special, and overall the competitive landscape puts this bank toward the bottom of major financial institutions,","Research Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 25, 2018","3.0"
"Stressful Work Environment","The last few years were very stressful and the work needed to keep pace with the workload was excessive. Working until 9 or 10 pm in the office and working at home until 3 am was common.","Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 24, 2018","3.0"
"Not Worth It","I'd never recommend any position there. Management is very stressed and they will pass that stress on to you. They wanted to increase employee benefits to encourage people to stay but a lot of people from my branch left for other banks in the short period of time that I was there.","Service and Sales Associate","Former Employee","Voorhees, NJ","January 24, 2018","1.0"
"Stressful, Poor Management, No Room for Advancement","I started at this bank after talking with a recruiter about advancement opportunities. I took a lower entry position knowing that I would be completing my MBA in the near future. The job description is misleading. You are forced to take trainings and back up for other departments which were not included in your job position. No advancement has taken, even though I have over exceeded all company goals in place for my position. I have place many different applications to different positions over the past 2 years with no avail. It should be noted that my department has an extremely high turnover rate.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 24, 2018","3.0"
"Many employees unsatisfied with the company","Many complaints within the company from the top down. Upper management complains about processes, systems, overall strategy of this bank. Managers, Bankers and tellers are mostly unsatisfied with their jobs and salary.","Branch Manager SR","Current Employee","Lancaster PA","January 24, 2018","4.0"
"part-time job","all the time different schedule , schedule only for two weeks , work every other Saturday ,small many, no benefits on part time. Not regular hours.One week 28 hours ,next week 35 hour.","Teller","Former Employee","Skokie, IL","January 23, 2018","2.0"
"We work as a team and enjoy our perks. We strive for more.","My typical day at work is basically providing customer care in a professional caring environment. Every day there is something else that we learn. We share and exchange ideas in our huddles to achieve more positive results in our work load. There is no hardest part in my job as situations and questions occurs it is my duty to learn and achieve in a positive way what the needs are. I grow with each task. By doing this, it provides me with an enjoyable feeling of achieving my goals.","Senior Operations Processing Specialist","Current Employee"," this bank East Wick . Philadelphia, PA","January 23, 2018","5.0"
"The benefits were fine but the work/life balance needed to be improved jpon","The company as a whole is a great place to to work. My department lacked growth potential and was experiencing high turn over. The work load exceeded the staff level.","Fiduciary Trust Officer","Former Employee","Pennsylvania Hollow, PA","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Not all of it","From what I've hear my experience with this bank is strictly based on the department I work in. The lack of organization and communication is astounding. I am excited to see what the rest of this company is like.","Detection and Investigation Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great as Entry Level","Great to get your foot in the door to banking but the salary is lower than competitors. The bonuses are a tad better but they are taxed so heavily that it doesn't feel as worth it.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Good place","Worked here for several years and loved the team I worked with. They are so tight knit as a team. I enjoyed this job very much and had we not moved away, would still likely be there","Customer Associate","Former Employee","Donegal, PA","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"All in a days work","A typical day of work consists of answering phones, originating applications, closing loans and assisting customers with their financial needs as well as their financial goals. The most enjoyable part of my job is helping customers obtain their financial goals, Especially when they did not think they were able to.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Delton, MI","January 23, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work overall","I've never worked for a company that gives weekends off so that right off the bat is a positive thing for me. You can't beat bankers hours or all the paid holidays. The benefits and days off are great, I think personally that for what they are asking me to do in my position that they are underpaying for what the job requires, but it's a trade off with all the benefits. A great work life balance is something that I've always wanted in a job and now I have it so that is a great thing.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Ocean City, MD","January 22, 2018","4.0"
"Displaced after 25 years of service, due to down-sizing as we were integrated into a larger group based out of Philadelphia, PA."," this bank is a huge company with grand ideas on employment engagement and work-life balance. Having been employed with a bank that was acquired thru merger into this bank, there was constant struggle in communications and creating synergies among the teams. Micro-managing was a constant issue with my group and leadership was a nightmare with inconsistencies in decision making and collaboration.","Operations Manager II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 22, 2018","2.0"
" this bank","It was a great place to work. Great entry job. the hours were great and the pay was nice. The training was nice. The people were great to work with. Great company.","Customer Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 22, 2018","4.0"
"Not terrible, just not for me","Underpaid and over worked in my situation. People were awesome though and the experience taught me a lesson which you have to be grateful for. Overall, if you like finance, it's a good place to start.","Teller","Former Employee","Eatontown, NJ","January 21, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work, Great team and Great company","Started with this company after college. Like almost everything about it. I work with a great team and have a great manager. Each day is something new, always learning. Lots of opportunity here. See lots of familiar faces each day.","Services Representative","Current Employee","Sellersburg, IN","January 21, 2018","5.0"
"Fun branch to work at","Typical day was waiting on customers and taking loan application opening accounts, Getting loans was the hardest part getting them approved. Worked with tellers to make sure they balanced and to follow all audit procedures. Worked with business partners to obtain new business customers. Workplace culture was good, enjoyed my co-workers and most enjoyable my customers.","Office Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 21, 2018","4.0"
"Overall work is ok"," this bank talks out of both sided of their mouths. On one hand they talk about only doing what is right for the customer and on the other one they talk about meeting goals in specific areas. For example we need more credit cards and this is the focus. Current regional manager is not diplomatic and talks down to employees. Does not care about work life balance. No grace for mistakes or not meeting goals.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","January 20, 2018","1.0"
"bank","Working for the bank was one of the best jobs I have had. The customers and my co workers was great and so helpful to me. THe banking industry is also a great place to work.","Bank teller","Former Employee","Lexington-Fayette, KY","January 19, 2018","5.0"
"Comfortable work enviorment"," this bank BANK is a great place to work and advance your career. The salary is way lower what other banks pay but there are opportunities of advancement in reach for all employees. Comfortable work enviorment and structured very well.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 19, 2018","4.0"
"Think twice..","Almost every weekend I was on-call.NO career advancement within your department. Management could be better. .","System Administrator II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 19, 2018","2.0"
"Good Place to Work","The this bank location in Whitehall is a great place to work. Business Casual attire. People want to work but it's not cutthroat. Management is supportive. Everyone seems to enjoy being here.","IT Migration Ambassador","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 19, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to get your foot in the door of finance","If you're starting off this is a good place, but if you have experience I wouldn't recommend it. Pay wasn't the best, the health benefits are terrible. Unhealthy work environment, but they do give a decent amount of vacation days.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Lincolnwood, IL","January 18, 2018","3.0"
"Summary","I had such high hopes when I started working for this bank. I was told that this bank really cared about their employees and understood that employees had a life outside of work. I always tried to go above and beyond for the company. I was a part-time teller and was working full-time hours for a month because a teller had left. I went out of my way to come in whenever they needed me to. Finally I asked a month in advance for a day I needed off and of course they did not give it to me. Even if you are part-time according to this bank they have to be your main priority. I tried to reapply and give them another shot, but they told me I wasn't a match because I told them the reason why I left this bank is because I needed to attend a really IMPORTANT family event and was told there is no flexibility in this bank. I'm glad I was told that because I don't want to go back to a bank who pretends to care, but only care about themselves. My advice to any part-time tellers is that it's okay to go above and beyond sometimes, but don't do it all the time if your going to be frustrated if they won't return the favor. Other than that I really enjoyed this job. I do still reccomend to people to work here if they have no problem making this job your top priority from friends and family.","Teller","Former Employee","Indiana","January 18, 2018","3.0"
"Would never work at another bank because of this one","Forced sales quotas made this job miserable. I'm not a sales person and the people I spoke with had no desire to hear a sales pitch when they were just trying to do their banking.","Teller","Former Employee","Circleville, OH","January 18, 2018","2.0"
" this bank Finance","Excellent company to work for. Watch out for the manager with the high turn over ratio. Wonderful downtown Pittsburgh location. Very friendly employees. Excellent equipment to work with and systems.","Senior Finance Specialist","Former Employee","Smyrna, GA","January 17, 2018","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work","Great company to work for, only moved on to make more money. They tried to match but at that time they couldn't. Corporate called when I left to let me know that I would always be welcome back.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Florence, KY","January 17, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful work environment","Working as a teller at this bank was one of the most stressful jobs I have ever worked. I worked at one of the busiest branches in the Washington, D.C. area. Management didn't care how the employees felt about certain things and they were always pushing you to produce with no incentive.","Customer service focus","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 17, 2018","3.0"
"na","8 hours a day 8-5 Monday through Friday. 60 day training program with a mentor that includes both online courses and classroom. quiet, slow pace position.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Peoria, IL","January 17, 2018","5.0"
"Try to get into the right branch","Hard to achieve goals when your branch is in a terrible location. I worked in an area that was considered a low to moderate income area and people were constantly rejected due to their credit. Also customers of the branch were on fixed incomes and weren't eligible for mortgages or any loans due to restrictions so it made it hard to achieve compensation.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Uninspiring environment","Had to suffer a period of management right sizing the company at branch level. It didn't take long to figure out that two financial advisors was one too many per branch.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, DE","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Temporary work","This is a stressful work environment and they only offer temporary assignments. Overworked and underpaid is theme at this job. During month end which is the last week of every month, work life balance is near impossible. Room for growth is nonexistent. Take your time and talent elsewhere.","Contract Analyst","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Productive Call Center","Nice benefits, co-workers. I am currently working here. 40 hours per week, incentives. Plenty of days off and floating holidays, Teledoc system is very helpful.","Senior Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed working with coworkers and helping people.","Provided routine service support to customers who initiated contact with the Customer Care Center. This involved questions regarding products, online directions, and their accounts.Communicated directly with customers, as an internal service partner, to effectively resolve issues, questions, and service requests. I learned a lot about working with irate customers. I did well with deescalation of irate customers. The hardest part of my job was not being able to assist my customer on occasion. I enjoyed working with my customers. I loved when I could calm them down when they were upset.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 16, 2018","5.0"
"fun place to work","I enjoyed the job just wish the salary would have been more. I would have stayed then. If anyone applies just understand you in this area of Vrgina can not live on what they pay alone.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
"Good Work Environment"," this bank provided and good, positive work environment with solid management in place. Employees were respected and credited for a job well done. Facility and parking were positive. Lower salaries in the banking industry.","Credit Card Collection Supervisor","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
"Don't Do It","If you take this job be prepared to work all the time. If you like to go out and enjoy youy weekend, this is not the job for you. You will be working pretty much every weekend except one.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","January 16, 2018","1.0"
"Nothing impressive- Just another Bank","Their corporate concept is good, A lot of poor management. Turnover reflects this- it is super high in certain departments. No work-life balance, although they try to mask it. Be sure to research any job posted for the actual job function, you may be deceived into a role as they are very 'title friendly'. Benefits aren't very good especially if you compare with other private sector companies, You will feel it. The culture is not very friendly in this area at least. Very individualistic. The work hours are better than retail hours,","AMG","Current Employee","Maryland","January 16, 2018","3.0"
"Cut throat","Bonuses are paid off of sales for products, while one person may see a product does not fit the clients lifestyle, another will make the sale to profit themselves. Not all management agrees with this, but when numbers are concerned, they will be passively aggressive to ensure that you get the sale.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Largo, FL","January 16, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work!","Very laid back environment and plenty of opportunity to grow yourself as an authority in sales and finance. They have some great tools, resources and trainers that help you at every stage of you career at this bank.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Centreville, VA","January 16, 2018","4.0"
" this bank amg"," this bank has a good work environment and offers good benefits. However, this bank's pay is not competitive to other banks or financial institutes. this bank does not provide acceptable pay increases or bonuses.","Product Manager II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 15, 2018","4.0"
"great place to work","I enjoyed the company alone with staff, mangers and location. They help me acquire an Insurance license to help customer with Annuities and further investments. Rewards were giving for annual sales pushing new products to clients.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","January 15, 2018","3.0"
"Fast, competitive","A typical workday at this bank was sitting in a cubicle for most of the day. A 15 minute daily team huddle was completed each day. I have to say that I did learn a lot regarding management, teamwork and technology while working at this bank. The hardest part of the job was trying to communicate job related difficulties to upper management. The most enjoyable part of the job were my co-workers.","Imaging Team Work Leader","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 15, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Consumer Loan Center-if you get the chance, take the job","Jobs there are limited...if you get the chance, take the job. This is primarily clerical & data entry work. After the loan is made? that is where you come in.","Automotive Title Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2018","4.0"
"Somewhat relaxed for a financial institution."," this bank has a severe management issue. It is clear that they do not really care about the associate experience. Managers are very click-ish and lack experience. The building itself needs an overhaul.","Customer Care Consultant","Part Time","Whitehall, OH","January 13, 2018","3.0"
"don't have one","don't have one am being forced to do this before proceeding to job application. seriously, they are making me type more. so, once again I don't have anything to say. I just want to apply for a job in a completely unrelated field. I've been out of banking for 4 years, I could care less","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","North East, MD","January 13, 2018","3.0"
"Horrible management without direction."," this bank managed by fear regardless if you are senior or in a junior position. Every week is a different procedure or idea, both of which are useless! They Treat significant clients as they would clients with a hundred dollar checking account!","Senior Banker","Former Employee","Florida State, FL","January 12, 2018","1.0"
"Good company","Work is sometimes what you make it. You your job and go home because that is what you are paid to do. I personally keep socializing to a bare minimum because I am not a super extroverted individual.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 12, 2018","4.0"
"normal banking enviroment","typical bank-sales and service/maintenance -sales calls-refer to partners-continued training on the computer-management is dependent upon branch-one hour lunches","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Michigan","January 12, 2018","3.0"
"summary","A typical day at this bank is average. We help the clients that come in by helping them with their financial well being. We make sure that clients have the best financial needs that will better their future.","PART TIME TELLER","Current Employee","Spotswood, NJ","January 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place to Start your Career","Work Life balance is wonderful at this company! The benefits are great and the environment itself is relaxed, dress code is business casual. Are making strides in improving areas within the benefits","Supervisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 11, 2018","4.0"
"very nice working environment","the only reason i left was because other banks offer about 4-6 dollars more doing the same things. The pay is not good there at all. i would love to work there again if they paid their employees a lot better.","Consumer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2018","4.0"
"Things were always changing","This is one of the most unorganized companies that I have ever worked for. Things were always changing. Don't get me wrong change is good, but it can become very stressful when things are constantly changing. For example; our job titles changed. Our job duties also changed frequently, but our pay remained the same. The management team was horrible. It seemed as if we were the enemy. I would not recommend anyone to work there.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 10, 2018","2.0"
"Productive","I work in a retail branch, which has a high customer traffic volume. I have had the opportunity of handling all aspect of banking because of the traffic volume. I have experience in Investments, Mortgages, Personal Loans, Auto Loans, Monet Market Accounts, CDs, etc.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","January 10, 2018","4.0"
"Flexible environment","You manage your time from your virtual office for this particular role. ECO System mentality to gain leveraged account management. This may likely be the best role they offer on the retail segment","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Stirling, NJ","January 9, 2018","3.0"
"Not a dream job","don't like the company, no family life working mid shift and working around a grocery store. not cool. This is not something that can be done daily, same customers everyday. Nothing really changes","Assist Customers","Former Employee","Odenton, MD","January 9, 2018","5.0"
"Good company","Jacksonville site is clearly the best. We have great managers, but they are also underpaid. So you lose good people to lesser companies because they pay more. Recently losing our site lead was shocking, but we are doing fine. Id like to see more competitive pay across the board. Incentives are good if you work hard.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 9, 2018","4.0"
"Friendly co-workers, good place to work","I enjoyed this job most of the time. Any time working with the public can be difficult, but worked with great people. Usually worked 6 - 8 hours a day. Worked 3 Saturdays a month. Work days were very busy and the day went fast.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","January 9, 2018","4.0"
"great work life balance, not enough pay","my current manager is amazing, however the pay just isn't there for the amount of work we're required to do. I love that I have the option to work at home, however.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Murrysville, PA","January 9, 2018","4.0"
"Small Teams, Good people","A comunicative boss, competent co workers who knew their jobs and would go out of their way to help, in mature business that this bank eventually exited. It was the best of times/","Vice President","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 8, 2018","3.0"
"Job summary","Environment dedicated to its clients and employees , this bank values their employees work life balance. this bank has many services and solutions to help Benefit clients financial well being","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","East Lansing, MI 48823","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"Strong Brand in Financial Services Industry"," this bank is a strong financial company with basically fair benefit and compensation packages. However, the recent industry wide restructure of retail banking had a significant impact toward limiting opportunities for career advancement in retail banking specifically. Company strengths are solid/sustained strong financial status and competitive suite of products that are well supported with marketing research/collateral, tech support, and subject matter product experts. An enjoyable element of working at this bank is representing a strong and formidable brand in the financial services business. This company has a well thought out 'go to market' strategy and has developed industry vertical specialization primarily in healthcare, manufacturing, professional services and retail. As a manager, implementing strategy and being able to help develop effective tactics to do so, was also an enjoyable part of the job.","V. Pres - Commercial Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"Learning Lession","I've learned much about banking operations and have enjoyed making friends of several co-workers. I've enjoyed working with clients that I will miss seeing on a regular basis. I've learned about their lives and helped make a difference in their financial well-being. The experience has reinforced my belief that organization and time management are an essential part of any business operations. Chaos in a busy environment starts from not being organized, ready to work when the day begins, and keeping track of what must be accomplished by day end. I have also learned more about what management styles I work with best. I enjoy working with individuals whom I respect and trust. I believe in treating people the way that you would be treated and being consistent with adhering to policies & procedures. In my almost 2 year tenure, the branch staff has undergone the following turnover: 2 teller supervisors, 2 branch managers, 1 assistant branch manager, 1 private client banker, 2 full time tellers (including myself), & 1 part time teller. Branch continues to lose business & personal clients on a regular basis and had not made any strides in obtaining new business clients.","TELLER","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","January 8, 2018","1.0"
"No Review","The working culture of this bank became stale as the years went by, where the overall mood was flexible but firm too being ridged and stressed. Employee relationships went from a family based atmosphere to an environment of strangers.","Tax Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"Great company to work for ....","Worked with many wonderful team members. Very well compensated; as I was one of their top performers for 2 years ! The clients were great ! You meet such a wide variety of people from all walks of life & you learn from them .. you take care of their financial needs. Extremely rewarding.","SALES CONSULTANT II","Former Employee","Meridianville, AL","January 8, 2018","5.0"
" this bank is a good company to work for","A typical day at this bank was always very productive. It was fast paced with deadlines that needed to be met. I learned to work accurately and well under pressure. The management was good, always ensuring employees were trained and knew their functions and was always helpful in advancement. The most difficult part of the job was ensuring proper communication. I enjoyed balancing accounts the most in the reconciling aspect of my job.","Transaction Processor II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 8, 2018","4.0"
"very unfair, dishonest management","If you want to see favoritism on daily basis, constant lying from management, and talked to like you are 3 years old that please join this bank. Or if you are Polish","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","January 7, 2018","1.0"
"Best customer service","Employees are well trained to be great customer service ambasadors and state of art money handling process. Learn a lot about transitioning bank system and Canadian financial rules.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","January 7, 2018","3.0"
" this bank is a family.","Everyone knows everyone. It's competitive, but fun. The sales goals can be stressful depending on your location. Customer traffic and demeanor are big factors, so sales excellence is a must.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Winchester, KY","January 6, 2018","4.0"
"Competive fast pace culture","Very fast pace sales enviromrnt, leadership skills are a plus, must possess great customer service skills. If you are looking to advance and grow in your ca","Bank Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 5, 2018","3.0"
"Inimical","Too much of office politics. Teller side are very unprofessional, unfriendly & unwelcoming - some younger tellers (have been there over a year or even 2 years) are bullying the newcomers and some have left because of them. The younger tellers can also be very childish, flat out mean, rude, team up (clique) and belittle others, but not all are like that. Whereby, the Bankers are very professional, helpful, team players and they made my time there most enjoyable working. I learned a lot from the Bankers as they're more welcoming and supportive. Management turns a blind eye on some of the behavior.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Shelby Twp, MI","January 5, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Staff in the 6 branches that I oversee are professional and friendly. Great environment within the branch offices working with my partners branch staff.","Senior Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","Dearborn, MI","January 5, 2018","4.0"
"Career","The job is good on team work and help. Some days are fast paced some days a little slow. The hardest part would be not getting stressed on a fast paced day. I would say I enjoy interacting with coworkers. I learned how to type faster. I learned how to challenge myself and believe in myself.","Bank operations support","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 5, 2018","4.0"
"easy job for young adults","My branch was very relaxed and was a younger branch. It was very easy to be-friend coworkers and the manager understood a younger mindset. The customers were positive for the most part and as long as you were careful with your drawer and followed the basic safety measures, the job was easy.","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 5, 2018","4.0"
"The best","This was the best place I was ever employed! The company in general is great but of course as with any job you will have your certain people in management that aren't good at and that would be the only real downfall to this place.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","January 5, 2018","5.0"
"treading water","If you like to see less talented people coming in from outside the company get paid more than you, sign up! They'll pile work on and give you a 1% raise saying there's no money in the budget while the company is making 1 billion a quarter.","Business Analyst Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 5, 2018","1.0"
"Productive great place to work","love the work life balance, collaboration,the talent development and the growth opportunity this bank has to offer, location is very close to home couldn't ask for a better place to work","Senior Loan Closer","Current Employee","Calabasas, CA","January 5, 2018","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank has a culture of community and development. They treat every employee fairly and provide care for growth. In my experience I have the pleasure of being trained and promoted numerous times within this bank.","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Westwood, NJ","January 4, 2018","5.0"
"neutral","Neutral opinion. Similar to other large companies as far as supporting the mission that is communicated to the street. Over the years, it has offered plenty of opportunity.","commercial credit","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2018","2.0"
"Great Place","I love it at Pittsburgh National Corporation. It has great hours. THey allow for a work and life balance that is unmatched in the banking industry. They allow for upward mobility also.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 4, 2018","5.0"
"fun work place"," this bank is a place for someone who would like to advance and expand there knowledge. The workers there are super nice and helpful when you need it. The environment is very diverse.","Debt Collector","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 3, 2018","5.0"
" this bank is good start"," this bank is a great start to getting on the right track to understanding how businesses work. The staff was friendly and always ready to help you when needed.","Teller I","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","January 3, 2018","5.0"
"Productive place to work","Very professional work environment I learned a lot of things from here that I use in my everyday life. I would love for everyone who was willing to work here","Teller","Former Employee","Asbury Park, NJ","January 3, 2018","5.0"
"Fun and fast paced"," this bank is a great company to work for. There was plenty of room for advancement. this bank also provides continual training to stay informed of new procedures and refresh on products and services.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Elgin, IL","January 3, 2018","5.0"
"Great people to work with","The people in my group were great and helpful. The company as a whole was slow to get things started and even slower to finish the project. Working from home was a bonus and was nice in cold weather not to have to go outside.","Technical Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 3, 2018","4.0"
"I love banking and my role as teller supervisor","I learned so much about bank operations and client services. I enjoyed my role as teller supervisor and fully intended to strive to advance my career in banking with this bank. If not for the personal issues I had with the management I would recommend this job to others.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Okeechobee, FL","January 3, 2018","3.0"
"Need help","a typical day at work , not too much more sales management need training workplace not good the hardest part do not teach much if it wasn't for my background i would be lost.","Financial sales consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","January 3, 2018","3.0"
"Lead Vault Teller this bank","Display features and benefits Customer service Paying and receiving transactionsAccuracy in job performanceProduce reports Answer phonesSchedule appointments for the loan officersBalance large amount of Cash FlowSell other products offeredAccountability for amount of moneyFiled documents","Lead Vault Teller","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","January 3, 2018","3.0"
"boring, or getting yelled at","rude customers, under-staffed. managers don't want to take escalations, escalations don't want to take escalations, spanish line never avail always have to use a 3rd party translator, 10 different programs for different transactions, worst is their strictness with phone time --it is ALL that matters, no time for good needed notes/followupwork/aftercallwork","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 3, 2018","1.0"
"Leadership lacking and advancement opportunity","Don't really know where to start but the company was bank N bank which was later brought out by this bank, they decided to change the culture and make it like Chase Bank . Following the merger completion, the culture completely changed and everything went down the tube. Would have loved to stay but they also got rid of all the good managers and leaders , demanding more but unwilling to to reflect it with the pay. Truly disappointed and a frustrating experience.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 2, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Relaxed work enviornment. Quality and production driven. Requires a lot of sitting and repetitive tasks. Clean facility and updated office equipment. I would recommend this bank.","Payment processor","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","January 2, 2018","3.0"
"Too high of expecations","Started off a great place to work, after a short period of time you are expected to know or how to figure out everything on your own with no guidance which makes it extremely stressful. Managers get high bonuses when everyone hits there goals but the workers get very little bonus. Due to the managers getting a higher bonus they expect everyone to reach goal and if you don't your are heavily punished","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Bath, PA","January 2, 2018","2.0"
"Stressful, fast paced environment","This was a fast-paced job required to sell checking/savings accounts and also performing teller functions. I learned to put myself out there and sell to people. Management was highly concerned with selling and not so much the customer. Hardest part of the job was having to sell a product to people who were grocery shopping. The most enjoyable part of the job were the people I worked with and benefits.","TELLER","Former Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","January 1, 2018","3.0"
"Great Benefits, Poor Coworkers","The training is as minimal as it gets. You're thrown to the sharks and coworkers are petty, rude, and disrespectful. It's insane how many people laugh at coworkers and customers behind their backs. Benefits are amazing - 10 weeks full paid maternity leave with 6 weeks full paid parental leave, and 3 weeks vacation. Awesome health insurance. Bonuses are very reasonable. Literally if it weren't for the disrespectful atmosphere and utter lack of competent training, this bank would be a great place to work.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Florida","January 1, 2018","3.0"
"Productive","Great company to work for just not enough room for advancement due to more jobs out of North Carolina! Some management understanding & great to work with!","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 1, 2018","5.0"
"Very stressful place to work"," this bank was an extremely stressful place to work with little to no understanding from the management team. Front line workers answering customer calls, inquiries, and complaints were repremanded when not fully satisfying and making the customer happy, even when it was something out of their control. Scores for customer surveys were taken very seriously, even on the occasion that it was clear that they representative was calm, attentive, and helpful to the best of their abilities, but the customer was still dissatisfied that their requests were not completed the way they wanted and a low score was given.","Credit Card Services Senior Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 1, 2018","2.0"
"Fast paced, very stressful","Current management very good. Past management-very much micro managed. Culture is very competitive-pitting co-workers against each other. Even though we as workers try to work as a team - in order to reach goals there are many times you must work as cut throat. This makes for very stressful environment. Once you've worked here for a length of time and reach the middle of the pay band scale it is very difficult to receive decent raises- 2% is considered a good raise. The longer I work here the further I fall behind in just covering the cost of living.","Consumer Loan Fulfillment","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 1, 2018","3.0"
"Competitive","Overall, a good place to work but no room to advance. Management is good and the workplace is relaxing. More job opportunities are needed, but hard to come by since parent company is located up North.","Analyst I","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 31, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place To Learn Banking"," this bank has rigorously taught me more about banking in all its meaning. I truly appreciate their training and dedication in teaching new individuals to succeed.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","December 30, 2017","5.0"
"Hired for a particular position but that position was changed to a demotion.","The Wealth Management Team hired many of us as Banking Advisors with perks to come after 6 months. Position was changed to a Support Banker with no perks.","Banking Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 30, 2017","4.0"
"Very Hard to Advance Career","It is very hard to move up within this bank, not much help in terms of guidance and development from managers. Education does not play a role in seeking career advancement.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","December 30, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful fact pace environment","The everyday work life can be stressful depending on the department you are in. However, stressful as it may be, this bank is innovative in the way content and help is provided to its employees to ensure they receive any help needed to perform to the best of their abilities.","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 30, 2017","3.0"
"It's an OK place to work","I'm very neutral about this bank as a place to work. As with all companies it depends on the area you work in. The call center often gives the wrong information when you call to seek advice which often is at odds with advice from management. Information does not always filter down to you so you find out the hard way, that you made a mistake and are held accountable. Senior management are too busy sitting in their ivory towers, making decisions which impact branch staff, without consulting the staff. They also have no idea about what is going on at branch level as they rarely, if at all, visit the branches. The job culture is extremely conservative & makes it hard to properly assist customers.","Service Associate","Personal Banker","Columbus, OH","December 30, 2017","3.0"
"I would recommend"," this bank is a great place to work. The pay and benefits are excellent. The only current negative is that our region is working 6 day works weeks and meeting the sales quotas can be stressful.","Teller","Current Employee","Noblesville, IN","December 30, 2017","4.0"
"decent","it was an alright place to work. It is very fast pace in some departments in other departments it slow. I was in college at the time so it was the best paying job around","Core Services Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 29, 2017","3.0"
"Worthwhile experience","I very much enjoyed my time working at this bank. I was given plenty of opportunity to grow as an individual. I learned a great deal that I will carry on with me throughout my life.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Columbus Ohio","December 29, 2017","5.0"
"Bad Workplace","Very Unprofessional and health care is bad. I wouldn't recommend anyone to work there. Bad overall it will stress you out to work there. I can't stress enough that all personal there needs hr training."," this bank Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","December 28, 2017","1.0"
"Toxic work place","Avoid it if you can, really bad place to work, especially really bad management culture. Managers are incompetent and insecure of people that are more knowledgeable than them. Management takes all strategic decisions by themselves without consulting the technical team.","Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 28, 2017","1.0"
"job review","this was a good company. Besides the low pay it is a perfect job for individuals are content doing this job forever. you have a good chance to travel with this company","Bank Operations","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 28, 2017","4.0"
"Good place to work","Very good place to work. Processes HEP files from entry to closing. Works as a liaison between departments. Helps clients to understand processes and requirements.","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Current Employee","North Carolina","December 27, 2017","5.0"
"stressful and judgemental","If your looking to be judged on a daily bases and have everyone on your team see how good or bad your doing this job is great. Pay is great the people you work with and around are amazing.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 27, 2017","4.0"
" this bank is great","I think this bank is a great company to work for. The benefits are amazing and it is fairly easy to move ahead. Management is hit or miss depending or your line of business.","Commercial Transaction Coordinator","Current Employee","Ohio","December 27, 2017","4.0"
"Maintain information related to heavy equipment floorplan lines of credit","Responsible for reviewing loan documentation for clients, file UCC's and monitor changes to client status, request/complete subordination requests. Provide back-up assistance to peers within department for advance request processing for floorplan lines of credit.","Loan Closing Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 27, 2017","2.0"
"Good place to build a career","Really good benefits and competitive pay as well as many opportunities in and out of branch to advance. Healthcare is good. One of the only banks left that offers pension in conjunction. You are vested in 3 years as well.","Branch Operations","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH 44118","December 27, 2017","5.0"
"definitely do research on your branch","I did not remember applying, but they reached out. I accepted the job. Salary is not the best but the company is amazing to work for. Management selection could definitely be better, but past branch management there are definitely some great leaders. Branch managers are very unprofessional as far as I've seen thus far and don't seem to work for the customer's best interest and often assistant branch managers (to my experience) pretend to be to busy for everything.","Service Manager","Current Employee","Mansell rd","December 27, 2017","2.0"
"I loved my the job I did as well as the people I worked with.","I loved it here. I loved the customers, the atmosphere, and the people I worked with. It's fast paced and you need to catch on quickly to avoid making substantial errors. As long as you're good with money, computers, and customer service it's a great job.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Orrville, OH","December 26, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company","If you get the right manager this place could be lots of fun - overall descent place to work - Great training for new hires.Always trying to improve it reputation.","Asst Mngr - Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Holland, PA","December 26, 2017","4.0"
"na"," this bank is a good company -for benefits pay is not idea but work environment changes based on branch -higher up is not informed on what is going on with branch","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Palm Bay, FL 32905","December 26, 2017","1.0"
"Cares for its employees","Salary structure needs improvement so do the benefits. Demanding customers. Some customers are great to work with and very understanding. Too many changes ALL the time so management is not effective.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Maryland","December 26, 2017","4.0"
"Management and promotions and pay big problems","Management gets away with everything. They are not held accountable for there actions. Promotions are based on who you know not what you know and how hard you work. Pay, well lets just say if you come from outside the company you will get paid a respectable wage. If you get a raise or a promotion from within the company don't expect to get the same. The company has great core values. The problem is not everybody within the company respect those core values. THIS CAN BE A VERY UNHAPPY PLACE TO WORK.","Employee","Former Employee","NJ","December 26, 2017","3.0"
"It's ok","The job is good, just that the hours are very longggg! You come in the morning and you do not leave until when it's very dark outside. The pay is very low too for all the work we do.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Lanham, MD","December 26, 2017","3.0"
"Fun Place to learn and grow","Great place to start and make a long term career. You are exposed to learning everything and the only limitation is your own self. In 6 months extensive exposure to large volume cash handling, ATM, cash vaults. Company trains well and places confidence in you to handle stressful situations and make decisions. Was lucky to have really good managers and colleagues","NJ - Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fords, NJ","December 25, 2017","5.0"
"Decent company","You typical day varies greatly depending on your position there. IF you are customer facing, be aware there ARE sales goals for you to meet. this bank has been working to make itself a more competitive company, pay wise, and has been reinvesting in their current employees. The maternity leave here is GREAT.","WorkPlace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","December 22, 2017","4.0"
"Review","Love the hours monday through friday 8 to 5 with paid holidays and occasional weekends that you would work. You do get sick days as well and personal days.","Financial Consultant I","Former Employee","Wyoming, MI","December 22, 2017","4.0"
"good paying job","work in customer service so a typical work day is anwersing questions about one's mortgage (escrow, balane, payoff) it can be stresfful constant changes","Payoff Team","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 22, 2017","4.0"
"Great Benefits but a very obscure career development","Mostly people employed are of great character. Management is helpful but also restricted. Too much information is given at one time and employees are still expected to excel with very little time to grasp the work.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 21, 2017","3.0"
"Great job environment","Loved working there left only to pursue a higher education degree. My mentor and senior financial advisor was wonderful and helpful and took time to teach me.","Investments Associate","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 19, 2017","5.0"
