1250,"Do Not Believe It's Part Time","For 2 years I have been trying to be strictly part time on a set schedule to make achieving the work/life balance this bank says they care so much about a little bit easier. It hasn't worked so far. Managers either micromanage or are so hands off they don't notice the problems or worse, they do both. You will be told repeatedly that they don't have the staffing available to make sure you leave on time but they have the staffing to send people to other branches...","ATM Custodian","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 9, 2019","1.0"
1251,"Management","Your experience depends on who you're manager is.. like with every job they can make or break your motivation to stay. If you apply under a certain role you will not be hired outside of that roles ‘trajectory'.. Be prepared to pay an arm and a leg for insurance with an extra high deducible..","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 9, 2019","1.0"
1252,"Strong Work Place Culture and Management Protocol","Good company workplace experience and employee benefit options. Solid support network and access to resources. Strong customer service and customer care platform.","Merchant Services Regional Account Executive","Current Employee","Canton, OH","September 9, 2019","4.0"
1253,"Learned LOS","Gained knowledge about the Loan Origination System. The work environment was very challenging and the team was collaborative and supportive, I enjoyed my tenure.","BA Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 9, 2019","4.0"
1254,"Lots of training","They make you sit in the training for two weeks after that they expect you to function like a pro unreal. Goodluck if you get a manager that is not supportive and criticize you for making a mistake.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","September 8, 2019","3.0"
1255,"Product Manager Intern","The work was incredibly interesting; however, the pace of work can be slow. All coworkers are really smart and love their job. The average age is a little older though. Some of the long-term employees made problematic statements on race and politics.","Digital Product Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2019","4.0"
1256,"Awful Recruiting Department","Interviewed with the recruiting department and it was the most humiliating experience I have ever had. Once I arrived, I was surprised to see that I had a group interview. The questions asked had no relation to the actual job and I wasted an entire day answering questions such as, 'what do you like to do on the weekend?'","Recruiting Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2019","1.0"
1257,"productive work place","there are many opportunities within the company, you must be meeting your goals to be considered for said opportunities, it is important to stay focused and work hard.","Customer Support representative tier II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 7, 2019","4.0"
1258,"Lots of opportunity"," this bank is a leader in the financial sector and continues to redefine consumer and corporate banking. It was exciting to work for an organization that was always looking to become better and more responsive to the needs of its customers. Employees are great and benefits are competitive.","DEVELOPMENT ADVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2019","5.0"
1259,"good starting job","learned basic skills needed for my next career step- got bank holidays off which was nice. helpful transitioning into the office setting. It was a good place to start out.","SENIOR STATEMENT SPREADER ANALYST","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2019","3.0"
1260,"Toxic Culture at Regional VP Level and Above","It would take me writing an op-ed or a book. In short, don't work here; there are many better alternatives and believe me you deserve better. Turnover and burnout accepted as the norm by upper management. Consistently under-staffed and short resources. There is a reason big banks have the reputation they do. This place takes the cake for hypocrisy because public facing marketing tells one story but once you get in, it's the complete opposite. 100% turnover is commonplace. Don't believe me? Walk into any branch in the Atlanta Metro Region and survey how long people have worked there outside of management. Ask what turn over is like in general and if it's common to have turnover. Ask if the branch is fully staffed and how long it has been that way. There were branches that could not even open the doors on a consistent basis without redirecting employees from their regular home branch to cover others because of being short staffed. Too much to list but take my word for it, pass this one by for both employment and banking needs.","MANAGER","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 5, 2019","1.0"
1261,"Great work place","It was a great job however other banks offered more for the same positions. Other then that the culture there was awsome. I learned so much working there.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Hamilton, NJ","September 5, 2019","4.0"
1262,"Very stressful and demanding working environment","Job demands became unhealthy working 16 hour days consistently with lots of technology issues and a command and control management style. Management did not know how to value and bring out the best in staff. Instead, staff feared senior management.","Electronic Payment Delivery","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2019","2.0"
1263,"Good Place to Work.","A typical day at work can vary. Some days are busier. Some days are slower. Management cares not only about business, but also about you as an employee.","Back-up Head Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 4, 2019","4.0"
1264,"Busy","There was always work. The only real complaint I have is Senior management, and procedures. Things were not documented well. They have an extreme termination policy. If you mess up one time there was no written warning you are done. They have a very high turn over rate.","Technical Platform Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2019","4.0"
1265,"I think this review process is very helpful in acquiring the appropriate information for prospective employers to review for the hiring process.","I hope by initialization this review process that it will definitely help determine that I would be a great candidate for the position that I'm applying for. And, is a great to in giving applicants a chance to give a brief overview of what potential employers to expect from the applicants.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 3, 2019","5.0"
1266,"Progressive","Relationship building with other lines of business provide a great experience in this company. Progressive in technology. Serious about risk management and compliance.","western Pennsylvania and Midwest to lead","Current Employee","New York, NY","September 3, 2019","4.0"
1267,"Nice experience","Good place to work and learn. this bank Financial services provides lot of flexibility in terms of working. Very good work culture and fun working in this bank Financial services","AWS Solution Architect","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 3, 2019","4.0"
1268,"Past All this","Too long of a work day. Not to trust anyone management does not have your back especially if it is a female. Stressful workplace time management is essential. Customer relations best part of job.","AVP","Former Employee","Bordentown, NJ","September 2, 2019","3.0"
1269,"Diverse and Inclusive","Overall this bank is not a bad place to work. It does try to give you work/life balance with helping you trying to achieve your goals and reach the level of success you are looking for. A typical day at work for me is always busy and productive. With room for a little joviality to help the day go smooth.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 2, 2019","4.0"
1270,"Build client relationships","Time management is critical. You are puled a lot of different directions; sales/prospecting,customer service issues,meetings, conference calls, meeting with other partners.","BUINESS BANKER","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","September 2, 2019","4.0"
1271,"Great experience!","I really enjoyed working for this bank, I've learned a lot and am grateful for the opportunity. I am definitely seeking more work similar to the work I completed at this bank.","Data Entry 2","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","September 1, 2019","5.0"
1272,"daily routine","typical work days are 8:30-5:30 mon-thur 8:30-6:30 fri and 8:30-1:30 sat. These times are estimated because you typically only work 40 hours a week and get a day off other than sunday. You also get all major holidays off as well.","Serv RRT","Current Employee","Lockport, IL","September 1, 2019","5.0"
1273,"I loved my job helping people get into homes.","Lending was fun back before 2008. The Dodd Frank Act never should have been put into place. Not everybody deserves a home. This changed the spectrum of fair lending.","Supervising Loan Officer","Former Employee","Bozeman, MT","September 1, 2019","5.0"
1274,"6 months of horror...","They send you everything you need to do your job at home but instead of a laptop they sent VDIs which had continuous technology problems from the get go. There was a class of 23 people and one instructor. I was trained virtually and everyone in the class is at their own pace which makes it difficult for them to stay on track. They taught you about mortgages which I had nothing to do with. It was extremelybstressgul and not at all enjoyable. Once you get they training it is literally walking on eggshells. Your job is basically threatened everyday by not meeting a metric. They also took away shift SIFF immediately after we started. I would not waste your. pace","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","August 31, 2019","1.0"
1275,"Do not work there","Conventional underwriters are discriminated against. Underwriter Managers will not defend or speak up for employees, bottom line they are a waste. If you are a conventional underwriter do not work here you will be discriminated against.","Conventional Underwriter I","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 31, 2019","1.0"
1276,"Good place to work","The work life balance is extremely helpful with every day life along with the benefits. Super chill work environment in technology. Offer a lot of extracurricular activities","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2019","4.0"
1277,"Leadership isn't the best","Every leader at every branch is completely different, which is understandable. The issue, constantly changing what is and isn't required. Leadership changes more and more because people leave.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Maryland","August 29, 2019","2.0"
1278,"Nice place to work","Very open and diverse place to work. I felt that I was working for a successful financial institution with a bright future. As with other banks, yearly raises were about 2% which is not enough.","Trust Tax Accountant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 29, 2019","4.0"
1279,"Worst Bank To work for","I worked for this bank for a year and a half. I use to be excited about my position, didn't take long to realize I was getting used by upper management to product push. All about the sells, and to much micro management. They lie and make promises of advancement. Don't believe the hype. The in stores locations are the bottom of the food chain. Worst hours never closes. Only branch managers make any real money.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Crofton, MD","August 29, 2019","1.0"
1280,"Agile","Toujours à l'affut des évolutions de demain, direction dynamique prenant en compte le bien être des salariés","entreprise","Former Employee","Mérignac (33)","August 29, 2019","4.0"
1281,"Sales in disguise"," this bank is a great company to work for, but the main sources of stress (sales referral goals and customer satisfaction surveys) make it feel like any other retail position. Great learning experience if you're interested in sales, finance, or business. If these things sound awful to you, you'll be happier elsewhere.","Teller","Current Employee","Florida","August 28, 2019","5.0"
1282,"Man friendy","It was hard working there longer than anyone else and being pushed aside for the men. I was made to feel not part of the team.. Men were given all leads and referral source partners. This created me to be negative in my draw , which is not a salary. Also the reason for me being let go.. Keep in mind after most of the men were asked to resign or be fired.. My origination partner, u/w processing were great and supportive","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","New York, NY","August 28, 2019","3.0"
1283,"Horrible","Management is horrible. No compassion. Not fair. Work life balance there is none. Terrible work environment. The pay & insurance are what keeps me there.","III","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 28, 2019","1.0"
1284,"Great risk management culture"," this bank is very credit-conscious and has sound structures in place for managing operational risk, credit risk, and change-management risk. Their technology allows for flexible work arrangements, although recently they have tightened up the availability of formalized flexible work arrangements.","Consumer Credit Risk Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 28, 2019","5.0"
1285,"Think really long before working here","The culture is if your not buddies, they will talk to you like you don't matter and get away with it. Team leads are a joke and take it to the sup they friends so the conversation goes no where. The work schedule is 1030-7 they short staffed. this bank has a high turnover. Training good luck you have so many people that train and treat you in a different style. I showed for incoming calls for 3 weeks then expect you to be ready and then the","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 28, 2019","1.0"
1286,"Initial training was good and exciting but branch ruined it","I believe a company should be graded on how they treat customers and employees. I worked at this location and I was forced to watch the door half my day everyday and was told that my numbers would double everyday and they WANTED me to feel stressed out and overloaded so I would produce better numbers. I was as a new employee only 4 weeks in this branch told off and humiliated in front of a customer because I didn't know how to do it ( I was told I got it when I didn't. when I tried to object I was than told u got it like it's easy A second time. During this process I tried to ask my branch manager for help (you know so I can do it right) but she was chatting with a friend instead of offering assistance. Turns out I didn't Open an account correctly and literally got told off infront of the customer and humiliated.) I had enough of the lack of training and that awful experience made me contact HR but With me being within the 90 day period I felt I didn't matter because it took over a week for a response. I ended up calling her out and the branch manager came in and tried to blame it on me not trying to listen to there 'teachings'. They would threaten me about 90 days coming up and me having to take it seriously. Keep in mind I literally had to stand in the lobby half of my day. I was setup for failure and humilated and harassed ( they would tell me I can't touch my beard and talk about how I would sit when making calls). I was fired for refusing to take there training and produce numbers. I was told it's like a retail store if u don't like it you give it back. Than she fired me. - more...","Banker","Former Employee","Tysons Corner, VA","August 27, 2019","1.0"
1287,"Loved working for this company","Worked for this company for 11 years and enjoyed progressive success. Company offers great opportunities for those who work hard and produce results. I love the consistent commitment to customer service and doing what's right for their customers as well as the community engagement and inclusivity in the workforce.","Various Positions","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 27, 2019","5.0"
1288,"Horrible training and absolutely negative work environment. The job pays well but the work-life balance is non existent","The stressful environment and unrealistic expectations from management are not even close to the pay. No chance to move up or advance. They really sell that concentrix is such a dream job but it is nowhere close to what was promised. Very disappointed as I thought I had found a stable job with a growing company.","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Lynchburg, VA","August 27, 2019","1.0"
1289,"A review I wish I would have read prior","I was hired at a PT customer core consultant. The first 7 weeks of training are very redundant and long. A lot of self paced modules and 'role playing'. One of the systems used does not have a training bank, so when you're placed one your first call day in training its a bit confusing because it's only been explained to you, not hands on. We have 2 trainers, one whom was great the other, not so great. The time off is a complete nightmare for anyone who has kids. You have to be there a year before you receive any PTO and if you have to take time off before then you receive an 'occurrence'. Being a previous manager at bank, I do understand the need and responsibility of being at work and being on time, but I also understand that life happens. If you get to many of these occurrences you'll be terminated. After your 7 weeks of training you go into transition for 5 weeks for is a full 6 hours on the phones with ONE 15 minute break. I was told I needed a note from my doctor if I had to get up and use the bathroom an 'excessive' amount of times. If I hadn't of had previous banking experience, this job would have been difficult for me to learn as they do not explain the in's and out's of banking very well. You have a Team Lead during your 12 weeks, then after you are sent to your destination, you will have another Team Lead. The pay is OK. I think considering the effort, customer abuse and minimal breaks, the pay should be increased. At time I feel like a work horse. You are expected to posses the BEST customer care possible, but you have to meet AHT times and other goals. If these - more...","Customer Care Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","August 27, 2019","2.0"
1290,"Call center is a very high stress environment","Call center is a very high stress environment with lots of quotas. The interview was deceptive with regard to how much you would make and actual opportunities for advancement. The call rating system is very critical and sometimes belittling. Upper management does not care about the feedback from call center employees.","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2019","3.0"
1291,"Competitive Sales Based Environment","The Call Center is a very competitive and sales oriented environment. It is very structured and they have high expectations of their employees, If you are interested in that kind of environment you will thrive there,","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2019","5.0"
1292,"Great experience at this bank. A lot of opportunities to grow","I had an awesome experience at this bank. I learned a lot during my training and working with excellent co-workers. There is also a lot of opportunities to grow in the company, but without a degree, you cannot have a manager's position.","TELLER REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","August 27, 2019","5.0"
1293,"Great company","Culturally a great company with benefits and friendly staff. Innovative and cutting edge technology. A little political at times with upper management.","Program Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2019","5.0"
1294,"Good place to work","good place to work. good work pace and training. good supervisors and co workers. good schedule. Everything is pretty much good. Nothing too terrible or too exciting.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","August 27, 2019","4.0"
1295,"Good company","Overall great company to work for. Good pay, good work/life balance, and good opportunity for advancement. Would have stayed aside from personal/medical reasons that required me to leave due to not qualifying for any type of leave when it occurred.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 26, 2019","4.0"
1296,"Current review","Under-paid over worked no life work balance. Really good benefits but no formal straight process and support for direct response. daily unexplained changes","Senior Business Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 26, 2019","3.0"
1297,"Short term employment","Daily Sales class. Company very focused on credit sales and Investment referrals. Be prepared to stay late nights for calls. Highly stressful environment. No real work life balance. No career development. Awesome coworkers depends on the branch atmosphere","Service Representative","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","August 26, 2019","3.0"
1298,"management","management is more concerned with the private of their own life, no structure lived off credit cards instead of doing what I have for 28 years, promised to work with wealth and wealth was never interested","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Fort Myers, FL","August 25, 2019","2.0"
1299,"this bank","They set u up for failure. They put me in a bank branch with employees failing n they knew it. They asked me to weed them out n when I did the employees Fabricated things n they disciplined me for doing what they ask me to do","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD","August 24, 2019","1.0"
