"High turn over rate","A lot of people started to leave once they changed their compensation plans. this bank Mortgage changes their compensation plans all to often, along with withdrawal requirement.","Consumer Direct","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 14, 2017","1.0"
"Learning experience","The customers are your most important part of your day. Excellent customer service. If they are happy with your service everything else just falls in place","Bank Teller","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","February 14, 2017","4.0"
"Business and Sales workplace","Working for this bank has taught me a lot about money management and being able to help the customers as well. As a teller our job is to also meet certain sales goals.","Vault Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 14, 2017","3.0"
"Not many employees like working for this bank","I never got the feeling that anyone actually knew what they were supposed to be doing at this bank. Not sure if this is because the constant cost cutting or because of the mergers of 08-09. This made most people stressed out. The benefits and vacation were pretty good.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 14, 2017","1.0"
"its ok","CIQ is the most important factor!! you have to up-sell every single customer.. they pay you 8 dollars and 50 cent starting as a teller!! you however do get a home life","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 14, 2017","2.0"
"Good learning experience","I overall approve working for this company. You learn a lot about money management and up-keeping customer's financial well being","Teller Lead","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 13, 2017","4.0"
"They don't care about their employees","The customers were great and the other teller was wonderful, higher management sucks and they do not care about their employees at all.","Teller","Former Employee","Bay Minette, AL","February 13, 2017","1.0"
"Work Life Baance is high quality","Company is employee friendly and believes in quality of life and a true work life balance, Employee development is encouraged and supported at all levels. Each employee is provided the opportunity to do their best each day","Private Client Group Team Leader","Current Employee","Camp Hill, PA","February 13, 2017","5.0"
"Filled with intelligent, diverse employees. Loved this work!","I thoroughly enjoyed working at this bank Mortgage, but there was no room for advancement for me there. My co-workers were intelligent people who were kind and so much fun. My Operations Manager was awesome.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","February 12, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","great place to work, i love it there.","Teller","Current Employee","Bedminster, NJ","February 12, 2017","5.0"
"Good Benefits","Have worked at this bank for five years as a Personal Banker ( Branch Sales and Services Associate). Great benefits including 401k, Pension and HSA Opportunity to build a good book of business and make bonus's as well Good company to work for with ongoing training and opportunity to grow into other areas if desired.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Lebanon, IN","February 12, 2017","4.0"
"Fulfilling and challenging career"," this bank is a great place to be employed. You have so many opportunities for advancement. There is great training involved and you get to work with a lot of amazing people while helping customers with there every day banking needs.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 11, 2017","5.0"
"Respectable place to work at. It takes hardwork and teamwork to survive here.","The boss will appreciate and reward extra hours and efforts that you put into work. Its very enjoyable yet the most challenging place I've worked at. It was worth it.","Loan Closing Associate","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 10, 2017","4.0"
"Exciting and Productive work enviroment"," this bank management works with their employees on the daily. From the moment you are hired management begins to assist you with your future goals with the company giving their employees the opportunity to advance. Management is also very cooperative with school schedules, therefore if you going to school while working on moving up in the company this is a great place to be.","Teller","Former Employee","Normal, IL","February 10, 2017","5.0"
"Great medical benefits, relaxed atmosphere."," this bank is a great place to work. They are flexible with your hours and you can also work from home. Their benefits package is top notch. What didn't work for me was that my entire team was located out of state, so I didn't have the daily face-to-face interaction with them that you would normally have with a location-centric team. They do have a company shuttle that goes to Pittsburgh. Even though it didn't work out for me, I would highly recommend them as an employer.","Quality Assurance Analyst II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 10, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent Bank and Company to work for","Excellent brand recognition on the Atlantic Coast as well as Western PA. Highly respected and consumer driven retail branch network with a focus on customer needs.","Recruiter","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 10, 2017","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Great company to work for. Work Life Balance is great. Take the time to develop employees. Can advance in career quickly. 401K is good. Benefits are good. Tuition Reimbursement","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 9, 2017","4.0"
"Great","Great place to work and great management team, Everyone I work with is very supportive. I enjoy coming to work every day. I honestly learn something new every day.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Michigan","February 9, 2017","5.0"
"Good bank to work for","Company offers growth within the company, benefits are good. Everyone within the bank are team players, always professional and assertive. Overall it's a great bank to work for!","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New York, NY","February 8, 2017","5.0"
"Great Work Place","Great Work Place, environment was productive. Great management team. Great pay. Most enjoyable part of the job was working around different customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Absecon, NJ","February 8, 2017","5.0"
"Great corporate company but retail banking is lacking"," this bank is an advanced company with great benefits. The pay is very low in comparison with other banks and for what you are expected to do. It is a pushy sales environment because that is the only way employees can make any extra money. The benefits are great except for the health insurance. The sales nature of the business puts employees in competitive situations which causes a lot of drama in the branches. People are fighting over referrals and doing unethical things to make more money. Management encourages this because their bonus is based off of the branches referrals. The managers are not qualified. Just because you have a degree does not mean that you are a good leader. The turnover rate would be lower if they actually invested in their employees. But you can't do that when the branches are always short staffed because they don't pay enough.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Manteo, NC","February 8, 2017","2.0"
"Great Place to Work","i learned a lot about Customer Service. i learned how to different with various personalities while working at this bank. this bank also offered a lot of opportunities for advancement.","Customer Service Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 8, 2017","4.0"
"i have nothing to say","the job was great, regular working hrs. Day or nights hrs will vary btw to shifts 8-5pm or 12-9pm. this job consist on an hourly pay and there is commission involved if production is met. NO HARD PART. unless you don't like talking on the phne. Managements awesome. they are there to help you move forward.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 8, 2017","4.0"
"Easy going Environment but with no Pay Raises EVER"," this bank is more interested in their efficiency ratio than in retaining their employees. There are no inflationary raises and barely every merit raises. You will be looking at less than inflation, unless you are in a selling role.","Financial Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 7, 2017","3.0"
"better than average","While the overall organization is better than most big banks there have been multiple compensation changes and downsizings in the last year.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 7, 2017","3.0"
"Engaging, client centric enviroment."," this bank is a very strong company with a solid foundation for building and developing leaders. A very engaging, client centric environment that fosters creativity.","Sales Performance and Service Excellence Leader","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 7, 2017","5.0"
"Balance","Working for this bank was good for the most part, I think every job will not be that perfect job, but you take the good with the bad, look forward and not back, do your job to the best of your ability.","Accounts Payable Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 7, 2017","3.0"
"People Who Care But Are Not Cared For","Work life balance is miserable, the department is under-staffed, pay is too low to incentivize people to stay, trainers are overwhelmed with constant new hires and floor-level managers are far more stressed than they should be because upper management keeps pushing for them to have good performance despite their undertrained staff. Training timetables are repeatedly rolled back to have enough people on the phones and it noticeably affects the quality of the work. The incentive to perform is based on avoiding things you will be punished for rather than bonuses for meeting or beating goals. Again, the pay for the work is laughable, there are factory jobs in town requiring no computer skills or extensive training that pay as much or better than this position. Upper management is utterly unwilling to invest in the base-pay and number of staff necessary to keep the call center operating as intended. If you're going to be temporarily 'stuck' someplace it's better than a minimum wage job, by far, but for any kind of substantive, appreciable career-type job it falls depressingly short as an employer. Everyone in town seems to know someone who worked there, and they do, because the rate of turnover is so high just about everyone in town -has- worked there. A better place to be from than to be at.","Detection and Investigation Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2017","2.0"
"Overall veiw","Really good company to be employed with. They are very conservative in some areas of the company. As a Bank they do not take a lot of risk when it comes to advancing and staying up to date with technology.","Vice President","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 6, 2017","3.0"
"Company Culture Lacking/ Unable to Retain Talent","Culture of the company in Florida branches needs vast improvement if they wish to keep talent. My experience was not enjoyable working for this bank, and I hope they can find more empathetic leaders in the Florida area.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Melbourne, FL","February 6, 2017","2.0"
"Room for Advancement","Great company to work for if your looking to get experience in banking and finance. this bank offers room for advancement if you work hard enough and are willing to put in the work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 6, 2017","5.0"
"Good Place to Work","If you work hard, you can advance in your career. Company focuses on Work life Balance and Diversity. Company has a lot of programs and training to assist you in your career development.","Risk Management","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","February 5, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place","Great place to work. Ability to work well with others and grow within the company. Hours were great and willing to work overtime too. Enjoyed working with all the people that I was managing","CSA - Teller","Former Employee","Ashl","February 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work","This company is great to work for, but I am having trouble finding a way up the ladder. The company does many things for its employees through out the year.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 5, 2017","5.0"
"Some people like working at this bank, and some don't.","In the corporate environment, the higher up you go, the more competitive it gets, even though the company itself tries to promote diversity and recognition. I suppose this could hold true for many companies. I have little knowledge of what working for the retail side of the bank is like, however.","Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 4, 2017","3.0"
"A good place to work for the most part","I was a vault attendant. I had to make sure that our employees had enough money to work with all day and I had to balance the vault daily. I was also a customer service representative assisting our customers with the best service I could give them. Answering questions about their accounts, focusing on giving the customer what they needed most whether it is a up-grade on their checking account, an IRA for the future or just listening to what their needs were. It was a very difficult job at times when we were busy because I needed to be there for the employees not just the customers.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Township of Cranberry, PA","February 4, 2017","3.0"
"Call Center Environment","Call center environment with high turnover. Decent pay but micromanagement by managers. Not a bad place to work. Forced to sit in your desk from 9-5.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 3, 2017","3.0"
"Great","Salary so..so..Company that offers positions in most to the east coast. Fast pace environment with challenges that push you to develop and grow. Loved the clients. The challenges is the hours you may be scheduled. Enjoyable is they are about the clients financial well-being.","Branch Manager - In-Store Banking","Former Employee","Lanham, MD","February 2, 2017","4.0"
"Productive","The joy of sharing the investment knowledge with the customers that asking for the information, informing the customers of how to invest for the future","financial sales consultant","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","February 2, 2017","2.0"
" this bank","I worked in a Branch inside Giants. The only thing I disliked about working for this bank was the compensation. I think we deserved higher pay annually. They do not push goals so hard but you still have to meet your goals. My manager was awesome! Working in the branch you had to go into the aisles and talk to customers who were really focused on getting their groceries. It is a lot of standing and walking the grocery store. I also hate that you have to wear uniform while the traditional banks do not have to. this bank has the best training facilities however. Not much for promotion.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pasadena, MD","February 2, 2017","3.0"
"Great Work Enviorment","It really depends what you are looking for, but I had a great experience at this company. There are opportunities from advancement as well as a healthy work environment.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","February 1, 2017","5.0"
"Great family","The team you join becomes a family. The people are great. My particular team lead was understanding and easy going. They are pretty fair with pay and your experience. You get raises on time. Work is steady but at peak season you will be very busy. Pretty good place to work","Jr Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 1, 2017","4.0"
"Extremely stressful job","Many policies and procedures that have to be followed or you could be fired even from one mistake/accident. You're expected to talk to customers and engage them while also paying attention to these policies and procedures and counting their money. You are also expected to meet sales goals such as up-selling credit cards and accounts offered by this bank.","teller","Current Employee","Middleburg Heights, OH","February 1, 2017","2.0"
"Okay"," this bank is an okay place to work. They provide for work life balance with very generous time off. Their salaries and comp plan is poor. this bank does not think about their decisions before they make them.","Investment Associate","Current Employee","Michigan","February 1, 2017","4.0"
"Awesome company to work for.","I had a great experience working for this company. I was able to advance from a Date Entry operator to a Team Leader position. Were I was able to perform several functions including: new employees training, audit, traveling to new acquired banks to train their employees the functions at our department, prepare department functions instructions packets, prepare the monthly calendar and assign daily functions task for the month, attend all management meetings, prepare the initial start or end of day of the system when assigned, attend quaterly system testing and more.","Team Leader","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 1, 2017","5.0"
"Good benefits and job security, poor management, poor compensation","Pros -Benefits package is good. 1. Vacation has been bumped up to 3 weeks when you start + eligable 1 week vacation purchase after 2 years in position 2. You get 2 additional paid holidays off each year. 3. Maternity/paternity leave has been bumped to 16 weeks paid for women, and 6 weeks paid for men 4. Pension and 401k available. -Job security. Cons -You will find poor management in many departments. Very hard to come by good leadership and transparent managers -Compensation is 10%-20% less for certain positions in IT, they usu ally low ball -Moving up in the company seems very limited for how large it is. Applying to positions internally is just as hard to get as if you're applying externally -Compenstion raises are very rare, you'll either get a standard 2% or a lot of times 0% depending on the position -No bonuses of any kind -You will feel more like a number in a large company like this.","PC Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 31, 2017","3.0"
"blah","The location of the branch i worked at had an average amount of foot traffic, however only regulars came in on a day to day basis which left little chance to make referrals of establish new accounts. My manager was very rude and did not know how to preform any of the task of her employees.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Snow Hill, MD","January 31, 2017","3.0"
"Good Company opportunity for advancement","I worked as a bank teller for one of this bank'S Banking Centers. It was fast paced work. I helped assist customers with there banking needs withdrawing cash, deposit cash, process payments, cash checks, etc.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 31, 2017","4.0"
"Great for Sales Personal","Everything is moving to a more automated self service culture and appointment banking. With introduction of new technology eventually generations will not use Brick and Mortar branch's the way previous generations have.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","January 30, 2017","4.0"
"always there is a lot of sales at the Branches","Management at the branches were always supported by the corp. office commission and bonuses were always fair and on time with our paid check . Payd vacations , Holidays , discount employee discounts sales Sales and comminsion were always apropied for the employee","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","January 30, 2017","3.0"
"Great company if you're in the right job","Working as a financial specialist. Normal work day is M-F, 8:30am-5:15pm. Work two Saturday's a month and a late night calling session. Management was pretty good and always available for a phone call if needed. As far as this bank as a company, I like their benefits and work / life balance. As for job security, they are doing away with the financial specialist roll so I have to find another position within the bank or look elsewhere.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2017","4.0"
"Assistant Branch Manager","Coach Employees and be energetic so customers and employees have the best experience. Coach to attain daily/weekly goals.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Palos Hills, IL","January 30, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent multi tasking position","My work day usually began with customer complaints, I did develop and learn excellent customer service skills through this experience. The remainder of the day would include processing loan applications, opening consumer accounts, and sales calls. The most enjoyable part of my job was the people I met. The most challenging part of this position were the sales goals required of me.","Consumer Banker","Former Employee","Muskegon, MI","January 28, 2017","5.0"
"Great workplace","I've been with this bank for 9 years and if not for a recent job displacement I planned on retiring from here. I had an opportunity to work with many wonderful people whom I would consider friends. It has been a great experience for me. My career at this bank could possibly continue, however with this recent displacement news, I figured I would take this opportunity to explore my options. Life is short!","Financial Specialist Team Manager","Current Employee","Squirrel Hill, PA","January 27, 2017","5.0"
"Not pressured to sell nor stay 9-5.","Not much micro management but too many changes too often. A lot of turn over. Also, a lot of gossip which I've seen get employees fired on multiple occasions.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 26, 2017","2.0"
"good place","Productive. Company had good relationship with clients. Reviews were fair and helpful. Worked in teams for both internal and external clients.","Business and Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","January 26, 2017","2.0"
"No employee loyalty","Loved my job in every possible way. Coworker made and accusation and I was guilty until proven innocent even though I had been a highly decorated employee for years. Treatment was crushing.","bssr","Former Employee","Fuquay-Varina, NC","January 25, 2017","2.0"
"Average"," this bank is a good company for entry level positions, and the company does encourage it's workers to advance. The key is finding good management that will help you to grow.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Sterling Heights, MI","January 25, 2017","4.0"
"Decent Starter Company","Compensation is lower than most financial institutions and work personal life balance can be hard to achieve due to short staffing issues. Teaches and trains and prepares you for any other position you may be willing to apply for, however, they like to promote from other markets or external candidates. Benefits are good as they still match 4%, but we no longer have an option for PPO or HMO insurances, only High Deduction.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","North Carolina","January 25, 2017","3.0"
"Professional Environment and Cooperative Management Teams"," this bank is a great company to work for, they have a great management team and your best career interests in mind. Job stability is not particularly high in a constantly changing investment management position.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Oakmont, PA","January 25, 2017","4.0"
"Nice pay","This job is pretty straight forward. You are taking calls most of the day & the job requires for you to be on the phones and at your desk at all times.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 24, 2017","4.0"
"Productive & Center around family","The hardest part of the job was the schedules. Management was great, understanding and always willing to help. The most enjoyable part of the job was the customers","Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Westchester,il","January 24, 2017","4.0"
"helping customers achieve financial goals","being sure to be in compliance having outstanding customer service servicing customer accounts providing solutions to customer issues","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Newark, NJ 07114","January 24, 2017","5.0"
"face paced","it was a face paced environment that is big on hitting sales goals. I had a great relationship with the branch manager. The problem lied with the supervisor who didn't feel like she needed to train her new hires and did little to no work day to day.","Banker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 24, 2017","2.0"
"Morale and work place","Trying to advance at this bank is very hard. With all the qualification the comment states we found someone else that has more experience. The work place is micro managed . Employees do not particpate in any activites due to work needs to be down at service level. Morale is very low. Try several times to apply in different areas but never was considered. They state age is not the factor which it is.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 24, 2017","3.0"
"0k this is my summary"," this bank is a lovely organization to work for, they certainly seriously champion work life balance and the management team is very astute and interested and involved with the development of the employee to an extent that overwhelms and astonishes","Senior Programmer Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia County, PA","January 24, 2017","4.0"
"Good company","I worked there for 3 years and had great opportunity for advancement. Management was a bit lacking at the time. Overall, decent company and has great benefits.","Branch Manager Tri-County branch","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 23, 2017","4.0"
"Great workplace environment with emphasis on employees"," this bank promotes the wellbeing of their employees as a top priority. I've learned a lot from this bank since employment but would like to find more challenging opportunities.","Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 23, 2017","4.0"
"Good company to work for.","Pros: Work life balance. Less office politics. More about getting work done. Cons: Middle management has less control on budget or project for that matter.","Lead QA Business Intelligence","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 22, 2017","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good benefit , nice people, great locations. Nice supervisor's , team work. Been there for 19 years. Schedule flexibility. Understanding family. Great.","Statement Spreading Work Leader","Current Employee","Eastwick, PA","January 22, 2017","5.0"
"Interesting work","HIPPA restricted area. Must follow the rules of not using your phone or any other type of recording device into the work area or you will get written up.","Health Imaging Operations","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 21, 2017","4.0"
"Enjoyable work experience.","I found this bank to be a great place to work. The management team is excellent to work with. I would certainly consider working for them again in the future.","Consumer Credit Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 20, 2017","5.0"
"Great for first time banking employes","Assist customers with their financial obligations and transactions. Management was friendly and helpful. Learned how to build a pipeline of business through customer relationship","Promotion Captain","Former Employee","Leesburg, VA","January 20, 2017","5.0"
"na","functioning between mortgage processing and closing there are some disconnects, and the teams are not cohesive in the way that I would like them to have been,","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 20, 2017","4.0"
"it was good company to work for","I liked to work there with great co-worker and managers. unfortunately I had to move otherwise I would be still working there.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","January 19, 2017","5.0"
"Great work enviroment and coworkers","I loved working for this bank, the only reasons I chose to leave was location and lack of advancement in my position. If I could work at this bank here in Texas with a supervisor or managerial position I would leap at the chance.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2017","4.0"
"Work/Life Balance"," this bank strives to meet the work/life balance of their employees. They achieve this by offering a flexible work schedule, work from home opportunity, and a generous time away package (vacation, personal, occasional absence days)","Risk Management Business Analyst I","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 19, 2017","3.0"
"N/a","Unrealistic sales goals and expectations. Not enough development conversations with upper management. Training procedures are not consistent.","Retail Bank Management","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 19, 2017","2.0"
"Great culture, not great pay","I have enjoyed working for this bank for four years. I like the people I work with and the company culture is great. The pay (at least at the branch level) is not","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 18, 2017","4.0"
"Great managers, great products, but, incentive is not motivating","I work outside of a branch setting which affords more opportunity and freedom. My manager is awesome, luckily. As a outside sales banker, I understand incentive and how to make money clearly but, the problem is they keep cutting the incentive pay and not in small amounts Important to understand how much 'they' want your role to ever make. Not motivated to keep up the superior sales because of the continuous cut. Why bother putting in the extra if they want average Many great programs, people, vision in this company. But, if you make too much sales incentive in your role, they will cut it. It is a big company and this seems to be common.","Banker","Current Employee","Michigan","January 18, 2017","4.0"
"3 Star"," this bank is a decent company to work for. I spent 7.5 years working for this company. Advanced from a personal banker to branch manager. There is Opportunity for career growth and advancement.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 18, 2017","3.0"
"Fired After Asking For A Transfer","There is minimal training and a 'to the wolves' on the job methods. I asked for a transfer to a different state and was fired the next day. Terrible company to work for.","Account Executive","Former Employee","NJ","January 17, 2017","1.0"
"Large national bank with plenty of opportunity"," this bank is a large national commercial bank. I enjoyed the fact that I was part of a great group in workout and we enjoyed camaraderie. The bureaucracy could at times be overwhelming. However, there are substantial opportunities for advancement.","AVP","Former Employee","Bel Air, MD","January 17, 2017","4.0"
"Outstanding Management Committed to Customer Loyalty","I was employed with bank N Bank when it was acquired by this bank. I have a long history of bank take-overs and I must say that this bank was outstanding in the way all of the employees and customers were treated. Optimum training was offered and time was properly given for each employee to know how to make the transition very smooth for the retention of our customers. My co-workers were the best! We shared a strong desire to make the retail branch system easily understood by our customers. We excelled at customer service in an environment where the customers felt welcome.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 17, 2017","5.0"
"Great Work Experience","Working with RBC was a great work experience. The benefits are excellent and the people who work there are top notch. It's easy to get spoiled at RBC.","AML Investigator","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 17, 2017","4.0"
"Teller/Customer Service Associate I","•Assisted in the opening and closing of the bank. •Performed important transactions for personal accounts, small and large businesses. •Responded effectively to customers' inquiries and concerns regarding various account benefits","Customer Service Associate I","Former Employee","Township of Howell, NJ","January 17, 2017","5.0"
"Good Company","Management is great. Good peopl Bank holdiays. Multiple location Large Pittsburgh brand. Certain departments are better than others. Lower to average pay","Client Care Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 16, 2017","3.0"
"Ample opportunity for advancement within your business line.","A good place to work. A licensed financial specialist (FS) has a moderate base pay, but with the capacity to earn more than their base pay (via quarterly incentive bonuses). Unfortunately, the FS position is being eliminated across this bank's entire footprint, effective April 2017.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","January 16, 2017","4.0"
"Having the right team, makes the job smoother","This job duties were very simple and manageable. There was plenty of time to keep up with the compliance training and your daily work load. The management at my particular branch was not qualified for the job. The hardest part of the job, was knowing what you were going to eat for lunch and the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting all types of people. Meeting new people and helping them better understand their bank accounts and their finances.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 15, 2017","4.0"
"work-life"," this bank is an amazing company! they truly care about their workers! I love this bank! it was the best job I ever had! they really took care of me!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2017","5.0"
"Very productive, multitasking","It's very functional and high pace. Good hours, great benefits. Employees are very easy to get along with & great management. The training is great and help you prepare for the job itself.","Records Associate Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2017","3.0"
"Hawthorn","Part of the larger organization, Hawthorn serves the ultra high net worth client. The team members are high calibre professionals but the larger organization has many organizational issues.","SVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 13, 2017","2.0"
"So unprofessional and unethical","There is no structure in this Bank. They give you a low base pay, but promise you will make 4-10,000 a quarter in incentives. You don't. And nobody can tell you how the revenue credit incentives really work, even when people exceed goal with them they don't know how they did it to replicate it each month. I well exceeded my individual and branch production goals but it didn't correlate into revenue credit incentives. Most bankers get 700 dollars a quarter after taxes. The turnover is insane, the manager that hired me quit before I got done with training, we went through 3 in a year, I had 20 people in my training class, only 3 of us made it there longer than 6 months. If you have health issues and get approved for Fmla, they try to find little things to let you go for. I have worked in 3 banks, I've never been at a company for less than 3 years, it was a struggle staying here a year and a half.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Sanford, NC","January 13, 2017","2.0"
"Big on sales","Hated all the sales goals/requirements. Many of them (QIAs) are very difficult to get. I felt much more like a sales person/telemarketer than a banker.","Teller","Former Employee","Plymouth, MI","January 12, 2017","4.0"
"Productive","It is a very friendly enviroment, you have many opportunites to grow. It all depends on the location you are in, the people you meet and the things you learn is a great experience that can help you excel in life.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Northampton, PA","January 11, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent place to work","My job is to help the company save money on possible bad loans. I do background research and provided that information so that the Relationship Managers can make a sound decision on where or not it is safe to extend a loan. I work with an excellent group. We are always there for each other. Helping each other when needed. There is nothing hard about the job. I enjoy my job, my manager and my co workers. We all get along.","Research Analyst","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 11, 2017","5.0"
"Work eithic","It was a nice place to work but it was also just a lot of rules that people that didn't follow the rules. Did what they wanted to do and not get into trouble. The ones who did do the work got told. the hardest part of my job was having to deal with issues that people didn't want to do their job. The most enjoyable part of my job was working with all the people and getting to know each other.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","McMurray, PA","January 11, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work","It was great place to work, because location was close to my home. I learned everyone is not going to acknowledge when you do good. Management was not the great. The hardest part of job was not being recognized for a job well done, and most enjoyable part was being able to go home for lunch to spend time with my son.","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"Work day","I work from 8am to 4:30pm EST. I spend most of my day reviewing applications and calling customers advising of our loan process.","Senior Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"A great experience of a business environment","Dealing with client transactions on a daily basis, this bank allowed me to better understand the financial world around us. With a managements desire to promote our clients to new services and banking options, the bank has taught me to search for a customers needs and provide them various options. While dealing with client services in a professional atmosphere, this positions pushed to reverted my language in a professional matter when dealing with clients. Along with the incentive to push various products on our clients, to better serve their banking needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Red Bank, NJ","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"wonderful company","They offer good products, plenty of training, enjoyed my co-workers, great company. the health insurance was a little expensive,","Teller II","Former Employee","Merritt Island, FL 32953","January 11, 2017","4.0"
"Awful","Worked here for a short period of time. Management was awful, nobody was willing to help or answer a question. Will never bank with or work for this bank again.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","January 10, 2017","1.0"
"great place","I really learned a lot during my time at this bank. the people were great and still keep in touch with them. it was really good place to work","Hedge Fund Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 10, 2017","4.0"
"Do Not Recommend","Massive turn over will fire employees because they do not meet the cares model. We had over twenty people to start there are two people left.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, oh","January 10, 2017","1.0"
"It is a good job","The customers can be rude at times but bit is a great work place. I really desired a teller job because I love handling money, and I am good with customers. The job can become tedious at times, but it is worth it when a customers comes and flips your day upside down.","Teller","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","January 10, 2017","5.0"
"Fun Environment, minus the customers","Always a good day, unless there's a line waiting 30 minutes before you open. good thing the coffee is always stocked. Manager is great, co workers awesome.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Voorhees, NJ","January 10, 2017","5.0"
"Not a good company to work for","Work and never recognized or acknowledged for your job done. Stressed daily on whether or not you would have a job or if you were getting laid off. They didn't care about the people in the eastern part. This was not a good company to work for.","AML Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 9, 2017","1.0"
"Good starting job with room for advancement","A teller position is a good place to start if you want to work through school, or plan to move up in the banking industry. There is plenty of room for advancement and raises.","Teller","Current Employee","Akron, OH","January 9, 2017","3.0"
"It is what you make it","Working at this bank does not have limits. You can work hard, network, and gain experience in whatever segment you like. It is your choice to be content or proactive.","Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 9, 2017","5.0"
"Employees first","Dedicated employees, family-friendly place to work Supportive management. Increasing use of technology to help enable employee's productivity.","Enterprise Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2017","4.0"
"innovative","possible the best run bank on the east coast. others institutions have tried but this bank seems to execute with the best of them.","Market Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 9, 2017","5.0"
"very caring and supportive","I love Mondays, mostly because the day flies by in a flash. On a given day, during the early hours you will find me speaking to the peers, lead staff, finding out – proactively – what their priorities are for the week, meeting with team for half hour to communicate the clients' needs and organizing the team schedules around the client's priorities. I am about to learn new task, how to work effectively. my co-workers are amazing wish is one of the best part of the job.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 8, 2017","5.0"
"Poor Management","Not much chance for advancement. The benefits are ok but the pay leaves much to be desired. Management could definitely use some people skills. Not the worst place to work but not the best either.","Brokerage Account Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 8, 2017","3.0"
"Low pay, horrible management, no team work","Would not recommend this company to anyone looking for a career in banking. There's few advancement possibilities and the pay is terrible. Managers are all about themselves and there is no teamwork. It's nothing but a competition when it comes to meeting sales goals. They depend on Gallup surveys to see how well employees perform and when you get a bad score they make you feel like scum. Very bad atmosphere and none of the employees are happy.","Teller banking representative","Former Employee","Kentucky","January 8, 2017","1.0"
"Promotes Values that they do not follow"," this bank promotes values of work life balance, teamwork, and positivity but they do not deliver. They will make it difficult to take paid time off that has been earned no matter the reason, management does not work with employees to work towards advancement in the company. Often reject request to go to different departments when employees are eligible.","Care Center Sales Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","January 8, 2017","2.0"
"great management, a very good place to grow in the banking world. promotions happen very often","Management is great, lots of space for promotion. Great benefits, 3 weeks vacation, paid sick time. You are able to interact with a great range of individuals from all walks of life","Bank Teller","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","January 7, 2017","4.0"
"Not the best but ok","If you learn slow they'll get rid of you. The trainers over at woodland park will stab your back and tell your managers bad things about you. Do not trust them even if they act as your friend.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Washington Township, NJ","January 7, 2017","4.0"
"Awesome company","I've been with them for about two years and I love it. You learn so much about finances and the people you work with make work better. The clients are great and you leave feeling satisfied with what you do.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Towson, MD","January 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work!","Love the culture and leadership. Very little work life balance however, company is very understanding of employee need. Sales are easy to achieve.","Vice President - Branch Manager MLO","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 5, 2017","4.0"
"For hard workers and flexible employees","Moved up and around within company very easily. supportive supervisors that are willing to help you advance. Most departments offer a competitive commission based pay option.","Harvest Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 5, 2017","4.0"
"Enviornment","Great place to work. The employee opinion matters as well as the clients. Strong reputation in the community. Excellent training programs and career profiles.","Financial Consultant - Peachtree Corners Branch","Current Employee","Peachtree Corners, GA","January 4, 2017","5.0"
"Production is ultimate goal","Each day involves different tax tasks to complete daily.Efficient filing of applicable tax returns is annual goal. Need more managers to allow employees to conform to policies and procedures.Co-workers very sociable and well mannered and best part of job.","Senior Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 4, 2017","3.0"
"Hedge fund accounting at it's worst","Long work days, constant turnover. There was not a ton of positive things to say except that this was a good way to start one's career but not much more to offer beyond that.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 4, 2017","2.0"
"Stressful environment","The mortgage industry is by far the most stressful environment to work in. The nature of the business is personal, since it involves people's homes. Thin line between empathy and being firm.","Loan Consultant I","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","January 4, 2017","2.0"
"Great opportunities as an individual producer, but not for management.","Great company if you are just starting out, lots of opportunity to move up at first. The culture is inclusive and focused on teamwork. They do well with recognizing employees who go above and beyond. Unfortunately, their salaries ranges are not very competitive as you move up in sales positions and management. Retail management compensation does not equate to the work load and responsibilities. Individual salespeople can earn more through incentive that what most branch managers make.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","NJ","January 4, 2017","4.0"
" this bank has flexible work arrangements and benefits are OK. It is hard to move up in the company as promotion from within has become rare."," this bank has flexible work arrangements and benefits are OK. It is hard to move up in the company as promotion from within has become rare.","Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2017","4.0"
"A Great Job","Love what I do so it was easy to enjoy my days at work. it a high demand and challenging company. i would recommend it to those who are starting in the finance career but not to experienced veterans.","Assistant VP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Union, NJ","January 4, 2017","4.0"
"Goals were out of control","upper management encouraged calling clients multiple times a week even when they did not want to be contacted. Employees were constantly harassed if their clients were not sold on multiple items.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Lake Mary, FL","January 3, 2017","3.0"
"Nice People","There are often nice people that you encounter in the work environment. Work life balance is great with the company, they will make sure that if you put in the time request off that you can get that time off to be with your family and friends.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 3, 2017","4.0"
"Fast paced and fun work enviornment","I answered inbound calls for loan officers and assisted with completion of loan applications. You have to be a team player to enjoy this position as you have to rely on your team members to sometimes complete troubleshooting","Mortgage Help Desk Annalyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 3, 2017","5.0"
"Great management. Great team work. Great benefits.","It was a great place to work 5 years ago. Had time for family and the pay was great.With new management they extended the working house plus you always have to stay longer if there are shortages or overages on the teller line (which happens almost every day). You can't plan your life with this job. Even when you off or on vacation you will always receive stressing calls from managers or co-workers. Mandatory no overtime which is sucks. Schedule planning is horrible. You work 40 hours/week for 6 days (sometimes 7 days). The biggest and annoying part of this job was the call nights or multi-channel calls. Its a mandatory blocked out time to call new clients. It's all about calls.","Teller","Former Employee","Mayfair, PA","January 2, 2017","5.0"
"Opportunity is there for Millenials","Company focus has recently changed with some positives, many negatives. With time, the company will resolve it's internal struggle in implementing the changes it needs to make for the future Great people with many years experience, however company is focusing on hiring less experienced people to pay less money.","Vice President","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 2, 2017","3.0"
"Excellent","I love this bank! Great company and excellent hours with a nice pay and bonus! I do like the benefits as well has the retirement plan! I work at a branch with great co-workers!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Bridgeville, PA","January 2, 2017","5.0"
"No negatives! Great place to work!","No negatives! Great place to work! Tuition reimbursement is an easy process, lots of paid time off and opportunity to advance. Very relaxed atmosphere.","Commercial Transaction Coordinator","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 2, 2017","5.0"
"Great Perks, low costing benefits","Wonderful company to work for, however there is a trade for the perks and that's the pay. Perks are good especially holidays and health, pay is low. It's banking so you get days off another career wouldn't normally offer. Lots and lots of time off, 3 weeks vacation, 1 personal day, 5 sick days; if you are on written warning or the sort for absences, the fault is all yours. The supervisors are great they'll move you up if you're good! I've worked at worse places when it comes to perks, but the pay was way higher. Company matches 5% 401k, healthcare costs are low and I have a family. All depends on what you're looking for. Pay vs perks definitely though. I settled for peace of mind, at least until I can have both.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","January 1, 2017","3.0"
"Day in the life","Your a number, you punch in you clock out and then your home. Not a lot of opportunity for growth or advancement if management has it out for you. Which is easy for them to do","Student Manager of Dining Services","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 31, 2016","4.0"
"Excellent","Stable company that is concerned about their employee's. The company offers competitive wages and benefits. There is room for advancement and relocation as well.","Sales","Former Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","December 31, 2016","5.0"
"horrible","My manager was an imbecile who should not have even been able to get such a job. She also showed very inappropriate pictures of herself in a bikini to everyone. Then my assistant manager was just as bad. He talked to me and one of the other tellers about deer mating rituals. They were both very unethical, inappropriate, and incompetent. When I got back from vacation I had found that they had but $80 of counterfeit 20s in the ATM and didn't even notice.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Belleville, IL","December 30, 2016","1.0"
"Branch employee in Giant supermarkets. Take this Job with an eye towards it being extremely temporary.","An absolutely terrible experience with no work life balance and management that must not have been able to get a job anywhere else. The ethics policy should be printed on toilet paper and hiring is a joke.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","December 30, 2016","1.0"
"love the job","really great company to work for, really easy place with stress free environments I would highty recommend the company to anyone","Teller","Current Employee","Ashland, KY","December 29, 2016","5.0"
"Temp Assignment","The company had great diversity and decent pay but they treat their employees terrible. Management talked to the employees as if they were beneath them","Sr Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 29, 2016","1.0"
"Conflicted relationship building strategy vs production goals","Conflicted relationship building strategy vs production goals. Production goals are always at the forefront of everything although your told that deepening client relationships is the goal.","Private Client Group - Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Sarasota, FL","December 28, 2016","3.0"
"Client Friendly","Diverse workforce close to public transportation. It's in the heart of the city where their a fine eateries and great places to shop.","Vice President Sales Leader Philadelphia Pa","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2016","3.0"
"Great","Very relaxed environment while being productive. Business owners are very caring and understanding. Great place to work","Teller","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","December 28, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and successful.","A typical day is always a learning environment. I have learned that the work flow leads, supervisors, manager and assistant manager, and co-workers (Extractors, Keyers, Scanners, etc.) are very helpful. The hardest part of the job is figuring out what is requested regarding payments and/or refunds; only some accounts. The most enjoyable part of my day and getting in the office and putting my best forward and being successful regarding my day to day routine.","Treasury Department","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 28, 2016","5.0"
"Management is Pretty good, Screening for employees is bad","Self Explanatory, some good co workers and decently well listening management, but high turnover of employees. Corporate/HR not very helpful. Pay is not good compensation.... non-livable wage for tellers and teller supervisors.","Acting Teller Lead","Current Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","December 26, 2016","2.0"
"Great Culture, diverse company to work for. No competitive wages and opportunity for advancement. The most important part of this job is to be sure th","Great Culture, diverse company to work for. No competitive wages and opportunity for advancement. The most important part of this job is to be sure there is open lines of communication.","Officer","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 23, 2016","3.0"
"OHIO Equity Group","I started my career in banking here. It was a good place to work with good people. They are also no longer in business due to the mortgage crash of 2008.","VP Business Banker","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","December 22, 2016","3.0"
"Potential to improve","There's consistent issues with staffing and a disconnect between corporate and retail but hopefully they're working on it. Great benefits.","Vault Teller","Current Employee","Beachwood, OH","December 18, 2016","3.0"
"Quiet atmosphere","Great bank for growth and investment but poorly chosen managers. Highly stressful atmosphere but severely underpaid employees which results in a constant turnover.","Personal banker","Former Employee","Clarksville, MD","December 16, 2016","3.0"
"A great way to get your foot in the door and learn the business.","Typical banking operations, with a well diversified management group. Unfortunately, cold calling is now prevalent in daily practices.","ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 16, 2016","3.0"
"Summary","Loved my co-workers, decent management, low compensation, very competitive work environment. Growth opportunity, flexible schedules, free lunch and okay benefits.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Merchantville, NJ","December 13, 2016","4.0"
"horrible","Painted a colorful picture then never followed thru with training for promotion. management was horrible, Lots of politics, very unorganized made job difficult.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 13, 2016","1.0"
"Good work to life balance, horrible sales policy","Pushes sales, you do not bonus with out meeting sales goals, do not receive raise if you do not meet sales calls, bankers have to cold call.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 13, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent work place","At this financial institute you will learn and grow. This company is a well professional environment. Management is excellent. The coworkers there pleasant and nice. The hardest part of this job is closing a customer with loans or convincing them to invest for there future.I enjoy this company because its a caring and diverse company.","Switcher","Former Employee","Vineland, NJ","December 12, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and nice work place","I start my shift at 6:00 a.m. I have to verify check payments in a timely matter. Ensure the appropriate materials are with correct payments. The mot enjoyable part of my job is providing great accuracy and quality for our customers.","Operation Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","December 12, 2016","3.0"
" this bank provides the tools and accomidation to do your job","There are numerous job opportunities in lower levels, but advancing is difficult unless you get in to a mentoring program. The company is a major financial bank in the United Status.","QA Manager II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to start","Loved this job and the people I worked with. Not much opportunity for career advancement at he branch level. Overall a great place to start my banking career.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Middletown, DE","December 9, 2016","3.0"
"Not recomended","This job, is the job like any other in the field, you sell your soul along with your morals. I learned quite a bit about financial institution, however realizing that I was pushing people into doing things with there money they might not otherwise do, and leading them in a misdirection of debt, if I didn't do this then I was not eligible for a raise and would have weekly conferences about what was wrong with my 'sales ethic'. It was disgusting to say the least, and the competition and cruelty of the others realizing what we were doing got so disgraceful I couldn't feel good about what I did everyday.","Teller","Former Employee","Nags Head, NC","December 9, 2016","2.0"
"Fast paced bank","Wonderful company to work for. Went through an acquisition with the company that was seamless. I would recommend anyone to work for this bank. Great management","Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","December 9, 2016","5.0"
"n/a","This is a waste of my time because I have already reviewed this bank. All I wanted to do was update my resume and now I have been reviewing my previous jobs for 15 minutes, this is none of anyones business how I feel about my past work experiences. This part should be optional!","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to pick up skills","My experience at this bank has been an interesting one. I started as a teller then advance to sales and service rep with a few months so I was fortunate for that opportunity. I typical day at work consists of me running around from platform to teller side all day even though I was told before hire and during training that there would be designated days when I would work each side so it wouldn't become overwhelming. Other than your 2 weeks vacation (and you have to take one full consecutive week) and 10 paid holidays you really have no work life balance. I know that sounds a lot but think about it, if the day you have off is a holiday what can you really get done that day? My coworkers are great though. Never had a problem with any of them despite the high turnover at my branch. I truly stay because I love my clients. Most of them are so nice and make my day.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to work","I usually worked on negative accounts. Call customers to see if they could make a payment by phone that day or within the next 5 business day. I learned responsibility, and also received personal growth for my profession","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 7, 2016","5.0"
"Too focused on numbers","To scripted to clients, numbers driven environment to work. Small raises. Stressful environment and audits. Assigned to different branches without choice. OK for some , however I would not work for them again","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great workplace","Loved working at this bank. Management was great. Had a lots of changes in last fews years. Hard part of job was Bank Products were changing too Quickly and very often, created a lots of confusion. If they increase pay rate no one would leave the company.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Palatine, IL","December 7, 2016","5.0"
"Decent gig, little opportunity for growth","When I started this bank I loved it. There was a shift in management that made it slightly unbearable at times. There is a lot of cattiness working with a lot of women."," this bank ambassador","Current Employee","Macedonia, OH","December 6, 2016","4.0"
"Good Job High Pressure","Not a bad company but over the years the pay plan gets progressively worse for all but the top performers. If you leave you have to forfeit bonuses earned because there is a 30 plus day delay in bonus payment and once you are gone all earned bonuses are not paid. How is this legal! Required to use personal phone for business purposes but receive no compensation. Mileage is capped regardless of sales territory.","Merchant Services Representative","Former Employee","Maryland","December 6, 2016","3.0"
"Heartbroken and Disappointed","I worked for this bank for almost 6 years. Started as a Teller and moved my way up to a Branch Manager. Never once left the company for more money at other banks because I was loyal to this bank. Never in 6 years was there a huge complaint on me or was I ever investigated for anything. Loved the people that I worked with in my branch as well as a few of my business partners, coworkers, and direct managers. Turned the branch I managed from the bottom branch in our region into one of the top performing branches. Now with all that back ground I will give you the rest of the story. I was in the process of being investigated for some ridiculous things that had pretty much nothing to do with banking and everything to do with my personal life. Which let me say is not very exciting or active. During the interview I will take responsibility for not completely giving accurate information in the beginning but before the interview was over I gave the information they asked again correctly. Once the investigation was complete I was let go because I did not give the accurate answer the first time. Even though I gave them the accurate answer when they said they were going to ask me one more time in the end. Do I feel I was without wrong in the situation NO but do I feel that I was wronged by a company I was loyal to for almost 6 year YES!!!!! It doesn't matter who you are or what you do for them at the end of the day you are just another number they can replace and that is so sad.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Alabama","December 6, 2016","2.0"
"Everything sucks!","Top level management is very unprofessional. This company only hired incompetent employees, in which hard for me to work as a team. As the Manager revealed, He is quite hesitant to hire smart employee, he is insecured to be replaced!","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 6, 2016","1.0"
"Read 5 Dysfunctions of a Team","Management & the culture they create would get negative stars if it were a choice. It's unfortunate that they ignore employee requests and input at every turn, yet force their directions and ultimately blame the employee's for their own bad decisions. A total lack of management accountability.","Vice-President/Director","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 5, 2016","2.0"
"Great Company as a whole, terrible if you work in retail banking","I liked working with different people and being able to help customers with their finances, but nothing was ever enough. Management say their door is always open, but they expect you to do all the work so they can just tell you something you already knew.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","east coast and mid east area","December 4, 2016","3.0"
"The ACCEL Program is a great start for a young person's career","The ACCEL Program is a great start for a young person's career. There are some drawbacks, but overall it is a nice transition from college to the working world.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Conneaut Lake, PA","December 4, 2016","3.0"
"terrible","The only thing that matters here is making sales numbers, not the customer experience. The worst is when the district managers ride you when they don't understand what it's like to be in a branch.","Teller","Former Employee","DeKalb, IL","December 4, 2016","2.0"
" this bank is a large company with a home town feel to it"," this bank has a great culture of taking care of their employees. They offer a lot of perks for them. Enjoyed working with my colleages. They also encourage professional growth for their employees.","Talent Acquisition Specialist","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","December 2, 2016","4.0"
"a complicated place to work","majority of my co-workers and customers were very nice which made all the difference. my take away from this bank is to be careful who you trust. no matter how nice you co-workers are, not everyone has your best interest","Supervisor of Operations","Former Employee","8661 Colesville rd","December 2, 2016","5.0"
"Professional","Sales and Administrator professional with 25 years of experience in the corporate environment. Excel at territory development, major account management, and new business development. Organized, managed, and budgeted internal operations of various businesses. Supervised and maintained all internal accounting functions for various organizations. Provided administrative support for executives and fellow colleagues. Performed skip tracing and internet research for client information and security. Expert in all office technology and practices. Licensed Life, Health, Property, and Casualty.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","December 2, 2016","2.0"
"Overall good company","i made great relationships and still have them today. I learned a lot about credit analysis and during my time I was their longer with the bank N leadership.","Healthcare Business Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 1, 2016","3.0"
"Terrible Place To Work","They act like they are an understanding company but God forbid anything come up in your personal life. Such as illness, a child getting sick, or a family member in the hospital. They will fire you.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 1, 2016","1.0"
"good place to work","Good place to work with great pay and benefits, however the culture there is the worst. this is typically what you get when working as an union employee.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","November 30, 2016","4.0"
"energetic, continually improving company","Day to day work environment can change to daily to monthly. Work flow is steady always something on your to do list. Helpful environment from peers to management to ask questions. Hardest part of the job is lack of technology. The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing that my work has a direct impact on the customers that I service each day.","Loan Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Ohio","November 29, 2016","4.0"
"Customer relations and sales","The people who came there to do there banking were wonderful. It was easy to put on a smile with the daily interactions. Selling products felt like a casual conversation","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Byram, NJ","November 29, 2016","3.0"
"High stress with no direction","no Direction or management and very high level of stress!!! I loved my customers and the people i worked with but the management was not impressive, they would not allow us to leave our phones to go to the bathrooms or take breaks unless it was a scheduled lunch!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 29, 2016","1.0"
"Great Staff and customers","Strict sales guidelines, Great training, excellent staff and support, Somewhat difficult selling to same customer base. A great deal of outbound calling to bring customers into the bank for financial reviews","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Financial Specialist","November 28, 2016","4.0"
"My review of this bank","Lovely groups to work with. Training was done well. Onboarding was done correctly. Sometimes it was a challenge to get the fund NAVs in before the stock market closed due to the pricing system being late or going down.","Investment Supervisor I","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 23, 2016","4.0"
"boring","opening the branch in the morning, setting up you cash drawers getting out any mail that needs to distributed to the Branch. Most importantly following all rules and procedures to ensure the safety of the customer an the branch","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 22, 2016","4.0"
"The Branch I worked at was always fun to work at","Worked for this bank for many years, went through various name changes, management changes, etc. Back when I first started it was a great hometown bank and everybody knew everyone. Folks actually enjoyed their work, and customers were more than customers so of them they felt like family. We spent more time at work than we did with our own families- so that was nice.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Palmyra, NJ","November 22, 2016","5.0"
"All in all a good place to work.","Great people to work with, I think the company has the best interest of the consumer in mind. Benefits were probably as good as any other company. All in all a good place to work.","Escrow Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 21, 2016","3.0"
"Very good experience to work with this bank","It was typical, great to learn many new things. We used some new technologies. Management and co-workers or good to be be work with.","Android Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 21, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work","Wonderful place to work people are friendly. everyone is helping each other and there is plenty of room to advance for the correct person. Always there to help","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","East Windsor, NJ","November 21, 2016","5.0"
"Good company for the right individual","The benefits are good. Management listens to the concerns of their staff and will make changes in company policy and procedure if appropriate. Training of staff could be better.","Business Banking","Current Employee","IL","November 21, 2016","4.0"
"Industry Leader","Quality people within the organization. Continues ongoing training in sales, service, and technology. Sales/financial well being culture used to help customers reach their financial goals.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Ohio","November 21, 2016","4.0"
"Great Benefit program Ability to advance within company","Friendly and professional atmosphere...great working as a team environment..wide variety of customer contacts...ability to do what you do best every day","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chinchilla, PA","November 20, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work","Love this place... been here 13 years! Lots of positions in Miamisburg to consider. Leadership is very professional and I love the culture.","Talent Acquisition Recruiter","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 18, 2016","4.0"
"Producitve","I would patrol the venue and verify legal documentation of alcohol consumption as well as working close with law enforcement. I also enjoyed working closely with my co0workers.","Alcohol Compliance","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","November 17, 2016","5.0"
"great","Fun place to work. Management is wonderful. It was fun to build relationships with customers new and old. They are very Eco friendly and do a lot with the enviornment","Teller","Former Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","November 17, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work, excellent coworkers and enjoyable work.","Love working here just need to find something close to home Excellent co workers and managers. Had a great work/life balance. Excellent healthcare, and wonderful training system.","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Richmond, KY","November 17, 2016","3.0"
"Great if you want to learn new big business","My experience was horrible, management is often involved in small interoffice situation that often can be seen as bullying or using scare tactic to gain the upper hand. Cant say that the overall experience was all bad but, it was right up there with sweatshop behavior cracking the whip at every turn. Their ACBS system is a manual input system, which can be overwhelming when training its so much to learn and know all at once. Needs an upgrade. Senior management from Pittsburgh, needs replacing. They are learning on the fly.","Loan Administrator","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","November 17, 2016","3.0"
" this bank is a wonderful employer"," this bank is a wonderful employer with ample opportunities for growth. The facilities are primarily modern and well kept.","Finance Expert","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 17, 2016","5.0"
"Enjoyed working here","One of the best company i worked for. easy to grow and learn here. everyone was very friendly and treated very well. Management was great. Not many branches in new york","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","New York, NY","November 16, 2016","5.0"
"Management Disconnect","There is no work/life balance. Management's perspective is that you are dispensable, and bring no value. The work day is typically 9 hours, and you are expected to also work evenings from home and weekends. The range of duties is far outside of scope.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 16, 2016","1.0"
"good productive job","a good working place management was OK could've been better customer was very friendly and happy. the work day was very productive with morning meetings","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 16, 2016","5.0"
"great people to work with.","One of better Banks to work for except the pay could be better. Company does what's best for the customers and doesn't place pressure on employee's.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Lake Worth, FL","November 16, 2016","3.0"
"Ok place to work, workload is heavy","I am a loan processor, I mange about 30- 35 mortgage loans at a time. I have learned a lot about the different loan programs available for refinance.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 15, 2016","3.0"
"Productive job, great people.","Great Experience all around, loved the coworkers. More flexibility for part -time would be nice . Good benefits. Nice atmosphere all around.","teller","Current Employee","Symmes, OH","November 15, 2016","4.0"
"Good benefits, however progress is necessary in order to become competitive .","They are making strides toward becoming more competitive and appealing not just for customers, but for current and potential employees. At the current time, I recommend for someone in college to get sales and consumer relations experience only. The ideal job for college students who need sales and consumer relations experiences .","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Hazel Park, MI","November 14, 2016","3.0"
"wonderful","Management is wonderful, flexible hours, poor pay but incentives are great. Hours are good and fun work environment. great place to work always room for growth.","Teller","Former Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","November 14, 2016","5.0"
"Good work environment, avg to below compensation","Revolving door with co-workers, not much opportunity for advancement, low compensation for amount of responsibility & work load, good management at the branch level, benefits available but very expensive, vacation time very regulated.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2016","3.0"
"Providing excellent individual customer service","Everyday has a new challenge and lots of variety. The dynamic culture of this company allows me to develop outstanding customer service skills, learn how to communicate and how to manage & deal with change. The most enjoyable part of this job is providing individual customer service and making a positive impact to them personally.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","November 14, 2016","4.0"
"Company Gives Back to the Community but Lacks on the Inside"," this bank is a great company, however, the leadership or management needs an overhaul. Each branch has its own culture. One group of people are allowed to do certain things while others are not. The policy and procedures are uniform but we are informed and encouraged to do differently. Management allows bullying and instigation of hostile work environment. Great experience at one branch and totally polar opposite experience at the other branch.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","November 12, 2016","2.0"
"OK place to work. Go fro the corporate side if you can~","3 stars. this bank is a growing institution and open minded to the forever changing banking world but at the expense of its employees","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Bowie, MD","November 12, 2016","3.0"
"Salary Needs Increasing","Managers don't promote from within, and the salary is the worst in he industry. I applied for another position in the company and was told that I need to work on my this bank Conversation, but I have been in that role for 1.6 years. Go figure!!","Service Representative","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 11, 2016","2.0"
"Friendly Co-workers and Customers","The banking industry is convoluted with laws and policies and unfair charges to customer accounts based on types of accounts. Customers were not happy with all technology being the majority of banking instead of the person to person face to face contact. The hours were great but the customers not always happy with the branch's open times.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Charleroi, PA","November 10, 2016","1.0"
"great benefits","Enjoyed working with Tellers and motivating them to reach sales goals. Enjoyed holidays off. Enjoyed benefits like free bank acct, tuition reimbursement etc","Branch Service Manager II","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 9, 2016","4.0"
"fun to work","Great place to work. Teamwork is very important for them. this bank Provides great training classes. this bank has healthy environment.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","November 9, 2016","5.0"
"n/a","I loved the company. compensation was great. Trained people like no other company. Great retirement options. easy to move up","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","November 9, 2016","5.0"
"No Work/Life Balance","Co-workers here are fantastic, made the day better. Typical day at work was spent calling clients on investments. Did learn a lot here as the shear volume of clients contacted forced learning and how to sell. Management here is non-existent. Never knew what was going on or how to manage people. Micro-managed to the max (needed to know what you were doing every minute of the day). Back-office individuals don't contact you, just go behind your back with everything that happens. Lots of 'I only care about myself and won't help you' goes on here.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 8, 2016","3.0"
"Awesome","Great company to build with! I assisted customers with their financial well being on a daily basis. Great benefits and incentives.","Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 7, 2016","5.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for."," this bank is a great company to work for. Great company culture, great health care and retirement benefits, good product offerings. You're treated like a valuable asset from top to bottom","Software QA Analyst","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","November 7, 2016","5.0"
"family oriented","review loans before submitting to title reconcile CD then send to borrower. work off pipeline to determine what needs to be completed for the day","funder","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 7, 2016","4.0"
"Hr reporting analyst","Poor management. Job eliminated after 30 years because business needs changed aka ageism. My direct manager never allowed me to perform my job because he did not like I was not in Pittsburg. In-house recruiters did little to find me employment elsewhere in company. The 'career counselor' has provided little actual help in securing employment. My duties running EEOC reports. Do not work for this company/","Hr reporting analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","November 6, 2016","1.0"
"Productive workplace with great people","My typical day at work is sometimes complex depending on the clients need. However, my coworkers make the job comforting. I enjoy helping others on a daily basis and establishing a trustworthy relationship with them. My clients and my staff know I have their best interest at heart","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hackensack, NJ","November 6, 2016","4.0"
"Very knowledgable company","Working at this bank has been great I've learn a lot of things about myself and also about the job itself . I also enjoy working with my fellow co workers and learning new things to better myself as an employee.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Berwyn, IL 60402","November 6, 2016","5.0"
"Relaxed, fun, great people","My position, EASY. Coming from a background in industrial work, working for this bank is like home away from home. I love all of my coworkers, my superiors are always very respectful and responsible. The best thing about this job is the flexible schedule. I create my own schedule 2 weeks in advance! All-in-all, great place to be.","Multi-Channel - Branch Appointment Setter","Current Employee","November 2, 2016","4.0"
"Fun Place to work","Again met a lot of people walking around and meeting customers. Found hardworking employees who I've brought with me to other jobs. Very busy and always moving and keeping up on financials.","Property Preservation Supervisor","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 1, 2016","3.0"
"Branch Service & Sales Associate","Great Company to work for. Great opportunities for growth. The ability to learn at your own pace. Management gives you the opportunity to work towards your goals to eventually move in the right direction","Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 31, 2016","5.0"
"decent place to work","Although I had worked for this bank for 20+ years I was never sure if I was going to have my job tomorrow. Management took one tiny mistake and made it into a monumental ordeal. Although I was not fired I felt like a tiny mistake after 20 years was counted against me. I worked very hard, I was a very good employee but one small error is more important to them than long-term loyalty and hard work","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Whippany, NJ","October 30, 2016","4.0"
"Never again.","I felt completely out of place the first week I started at this bank. The managers were always down my throat about sales goals, and incentives, whilst I was still in the learning process. We (as tellers) weren't really allowed to do anything besides transactions, and we weren't to know to much information about credit cards or accounts, because it wasn't our job to know, it was our job to sit them down with a personal banker, and there job was to sell any product they could to them. I had balancing issues there, and I have never had that problem with anywhere else, including working at credit union prior to that. I never felt like I could go to the managers, because I always felt that they were judging me and wanted me out of there before I even began to take root. Plus the assistant manager was leaving for other job interviews, even though she was supposed to be working, and would leave us swamped. ( If that doesn't tell you why not to work for this bank then I don't know what does.) Better offers, better opportunity is out there. This bank pays extremely low, and for the pressure and the work required I am glad I am not there anymore. I was let go from the company which is fine. I did not like it there, and I will never work for a bank again. There whole goal in life is to sell products, and the rates are so low, I would never recommend putting any of your money with them. Stay at a credit union!!!","Teller I","Former Employee","Somewhere in OH!","October 30, 2016","3.0"
"day at work","the management structure since the low rate environment continues is crazy. its purely a sales organization with little focus on customer needs. credit card and merchant for this bank's sake","Management Development Associate","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","October 30, 2016","3.0"
"Good workplace"," this bank was a good workplace with a lot of flexibility. They had awesome staff with very friendly and nice people. The working environment was also great. It was a pleasure to work there.","Solutions Architect","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2016","5.0"
"Fun and great place to work","My favorite parts of myjob included the ability to work independently (trust from employers) & the people I worked with. It's great to work with people that care about their company and doing a good job. It's hard to find that environment today because so many people just don't care about honesty, hard work & integrity","Information Security Analyst","Former Employee","Virginia","October 27, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to Work, Messy Management","Typical banking environment. Get to meet a lot of people. Goals are constantly changing. Cannot keep up with management. The co-workers make going into work everyday a favorable experience. Hardest part of the job depends on what location you're working in. Customers make your job harder. The pay could definitely be better and management cold be more structured.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 27, 2016","4.0"
"I enjoyed helping clients","Some branches only open 9-4pm. Some are closed on Saturdays which is nice. Hardest part was making all the goals to ensure a quarterly bonus every single quarter.","Employee","Former Employee","Florida","October 26, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced environment","Overall a good place to work with a fairly diverse group of employees. Management seems to care about their employees and is always willing to listen to new ideas.","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 26, 2016","4.0"
"A day in why are they doing these","Our new Open Enrollment Guide for 2017 will be available tomorrow, Oct. 26. See what actions are required for certain benefits to continue and learn about your options so that you are ready to enroll Nov 1. Go to My Life at AAA > My Health and Benefits > Open Enrollment Information, for the Open Enrollment Guide, plan summaries and rates, login information for the Oct. 26 webinar an","Universal Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","October 25, 2016","5.0"
"would not recommend","a typical day is out bound calls to schedule appointment. your daily activities are micro managed and very high monthly sales goals","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","north carolina","October 25, 2016","1.0"
"Great work life balance","A nice place to work but there is no motivation to move into other roles. There aren't many positions to move into. The pay is decent for the job role.","Quality","Current Employee","Illinois","October 25, 2016","4.0"
"Good Job","I have learned a lot in the 16 years of banking that I have done. I have some of the best coworkers ever, but its time for a career change in my life.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","October 25, 2016","4.0"
"Overall a good company to work for","I have been employed for 15 years with this bank and have been around long enough to see the culture change for the better. They are more employee satisfaction driven and have worked harder to create a stable work/life balance","ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT","Current Employee","New Brunswick, NJ","October 25, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and friendly place to work","I enjoyed working for this bank. I learned a lot about the banking industry and its a teamwork environment. The highlight of each of my days was my customers. I enjoyed our conversations and helping them.","teller manager","Former Employee","New Castle, DE","October 21, 2016","4.0"
"Very nice experience","I basically help people take care of there problems by using the equity in there homes. I would help them get a low Apr so that it wouldn't be a problem for them to pay it back.","Telemarketer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2016","3.0"
"High employee turnover always under-staffed","Always under-staffed and sharing staff among several branches. Lots of raining provided but since branches are consistently under-staffed it takes twice as long to get someone trained. this bank does not provide work life balance to employees at all and have no compassion for those with families and children.","Bank Manager","Former Employee","Delaware","October 18, 2016","4.0"
"Had a balanced work schedule with lot of fun activities","Being part of a data science team, we gathered business requirements and mapped them to various sources of data. Analyzed large data sets by running Hive queries and Pig scripts","Hadoop Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2016","4.0"
"Worst job i ever had in my life","This company doesn't care about there employees, only care about money and similar to wells fargo they care about selling company products.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2016","1.0"
"high level resposiblity","the work environment office worked perfectly and liked working with customers and computer based job. worked with all kinds of customers with high account requirement to simple accounts","Teller","Former Employee","rockville md","October 17, 2016","5.0"
"Not current..."," this bank dismantled the mortgage department and is now rebuilding it. I worked there when it was being dismantled. In 2010 the company/ department was eliminated. At that time, it was needed due to the mortgage crisis. I am not aware of how it is now.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 17, 2016","4.0"
"The management is wonderful","Easy to work in atmosphere. Great management. Flexible schedules. Advancement opportunities. The monthly coachings they provide, make it very clear what they expect of you as an employee","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2016","4.0"
"good","Great work environment. I love the people I work with. the culture is good. the work place is very close to my home and there is 24 hours and seven days a week office access","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Irvine, CA","October 12, 2016","4.0"
"Productive work environment"," this bank is a great company to work for but over the last two years I have been passed over for a promotion. I was told one of the reasons why I was passed over was because I did not ask for a promotion. I have played sports growing up and I never asked my coach to put me in the game when the coach saw that I was ready and prepared then he put me in the game. I guess it was a learning experience.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 10, 2016","4.0"
"grezat","it was an amazing experience to work for this bank and i would recommend it going forward anyone wanting to start a bank job amazing really good job","Workplace Banker","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 10, 2016","5.0"
"Not a good place to work","I am currently employed with this bank, so this is not a a former employee that is angry with the company. It is not a good place to work if you are on the front line with direct customer engagement. It actually borders on hostile from management to meet sales goals, or else.. They pay is well below market and the benefits are terrible As a senior relationship manager, I am required to be on the road most of the time, visiting business clients and driving new business. They recently announced that the bank would no longer reimburse any cell phone expense or any expense over $30 unless it was pre approved by management. My region, which has 1200 employees, has lost and had to replace 600 of the 1200 employees every year for the past 3 years. Numerous retail managers I work directly with have had to take stress related leave due to the over all work conditions. It appears that most of the positive reviews about this bank seem to come from back office employees that shuffle paper and have no customer interaction I have been with this bank for over 5 years. It is not a good place to work and grow any career.","Business Relationship Manager","Current Employee","East Coast","October 10, 2016","2.0"
"Good place to work","A typical day at this bank was based on customer's needs and wants. Providing customer's with the information and services that they needed to better manage their accounts and make them more informative about the goods and service that we provide to make banking easier.","Core Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2016","5.0"
"Productive Work place","It is a great job, great people to work with and definitely enjoyed my time there. Gave me experience within the realm of banking and business.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Woodbine, MD","October 9, 2016","4.0"
"Prodcutive","Learned a lot about government regulations. Banking and Mortgage guidelines. Gained experience. Micro-management is very challenging to deal with. Poor leadership. The most enjoyable part of the job is researching and ensuring that the customers payments are posted accurately.","Operation Work Leader Sr","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 7, 2016","3.0"
"The best job i had !","Working with this bank was one of the best jobs I had so far. The pay was good even the schedule was perfect too. I always love to get in an out, I had 6a.m - 2p.m. schedule and that's what I loved. Management great! The whole facility was family!","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","October 7, 2016","5.0"
"Career","Productive and adaptability, team player, always on time. work well with others, enjoy learning new things. Love to volunteer. Management is great, co-workers are awesome. Love talking with the customers some are nice, some just don't understand banking.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 6, 2016","3.0"
"Terrible position, low pay, slave work","Low pay. Hostile branch environment. Must meet sales goals or else your gone. Upper management does not care about you at all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 5, 2016","1.0"
"good enviroment t work","being the best I can be at my job, make sure all duties are preformed at highest standard, customers are happy with service and problems are resolved. The most enjoyable part of my job is helping customers in there financial well being. The hardest part of the job are the sale goals. I like my co workers we are a team, and get along. Management is good fare and make sure we are treated fare. I learn everyday, always something new, but the most important thing is that doing the right thing and doing your job you can never go wrong","Customer Service","Current Employee","Clark, NJ","October 5, 2016","3.0"
"Productive","I have learned a lot of different processes relating to my specific job function. I have also had the opportunity to train others in the group on these processes.","Credit Support Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 5, 2016","3.0"
"Sales driven with aggressive goals","Very customer focused. Worked with business owners and prospects to sell multiple products to help make their businesses run more efficiently. Management was very top down driven. I had a very good relationship with co-workers/partners. The hardest part was meeting the very demanding sales goals. The most enjoyable part was the customer interactions and helping the business owners.","Commercial Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","October 5, 2016","3.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","I really enjoy working for this bank. I'm just looking for a schedule that's Monday through Friday. Overall this bank is a great place to work. I also enjoy Employee Appreciation Week every year. It really makes employees feel appreciated.","Operations Sr Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 4, 2016","4.0"
"productive and goal driven workplace.","Job was easy for me to understand and do the work. While challenging for some co workers,it was a great place to grow and be a leader.","Branch Internal Support Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2016","4.0"
"great place to learn financial industry","learnt a lot from here, their training program is amazingly good, they taught us really well regarding the whole banking industry and how does it work","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","October 3, 2016","5.0"
"Good place to work","good place to work. was no room for advancement. i was a floating teller going to different locations. some were good, some were bad. if i would have advanced quicker i would have stayed","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 2, 2016","5.0"
"Universal Branch Consultant","The position is a challenging one. not only are you accountable for the job daily financial operations of managing a bank you are also required to make monthly sales goals, have outstanding customer service skills. ( you are evaluated on a weekly base on survey customers take)","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","October 2, 2016","3.0"
"productive fun at work place","good co workers funplace nice time to learn and good hardest workinng place new friends and new team people we can learn so many things from them hardest time to learn few skills...","Net Developer","Current Employee","Warrendale, PA","October 2, 2016","5.0"
" this bank as a place to work is okey but the salaries for tellers is very low","After all the resposabilities that I have I don't feel that the salary is acording with the job. The salaries are too low that is why the teller don't stay for a long period of time. the amount of work and high risk is not according with the compesation.","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Freehold, NJ","October 1, 2016","3.0"
"good working enviroment","It's a good working environment. You learn so much, but promotion within is very difficult to achieve. You would have to know someone that can help pull strings to be given a shot. They give high hopes of reaching it and never commit to giving you a chance to prove yourself.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lake Ridge, VA","October 1, 2016","4.0"
"Friendly atmosphere","A typical day at work would be the opportunity to provide my services to the clients, and things that I have learned is that everyday is different, managing people each individual is unique, the hardest part of my job is not being able to close a deal, and the most enjoyable part of my job is to provide my services and customer walking out of my office with a smile.","VP - Branch Manager","Former Employee","Paterson, NJ","September 30, 2016","5.0"
" this bank was ok","I loved my job at this bank, although management could get a little picky at times. Recognition was one of the best things that this bank had going for them.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 30, 2016","5.0"
"I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone","The benefits seem great at first. Until you take vacation they told you was available for use and you quit then you have to pay that all back. Why make that time available? this bank doesn't care about their employees as they don't compensate for the work that's expected. Additionally it's difficult to advance, it doesn't matter if you're the top performer management seems to find a reason to decline a promotion. Management is picky in who they hire, so it takes MONTHS to fill a position, only for a short time later that position to be vacant again (there seems to be a high turnover percentage). Branches are always short staffed which makes it difficult for the employees working because even more work gets put on them. However, I will say the most enjoyable part were the co-workers and the hours. I wouldn't recommend this as a place of employment to a place to bank to anyone.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","September 29, 2016","1.0"
"Progressive computer environment","This job worked with a variety of computer issues related to this bank's technical infrastructure. Learned how to troubleshoot either using remote assistance or visualization. We had access to multiple levels of support including password reset, remote computer access, mainframe use.","Help Desk Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun working place","The scope of the project was to enhance the system called Equator and LPS System integration that would allow the user to get a comprehensive view of workflow and process of the Fannie Mae guidelines in real estate area. I was also involved in analyzing servicing transaction from different mortgage companies and providing reports to the Fannie Mae business. Performed user audits and system parameter changes (Matrix Configuration changes) within the third party applications.","Process system Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 28, 2016","5.0"
"Very good advancement program"," this bank had a lot to offer, they advanced you if you show the potential , and compensation is very good, plus the benefits are equally as good","Teller II","Former Employee","Columbiana, OH","September 27, 2016","5.0"
"daily challenges, great teamwork, great co-workers","you are always learning, meeting new customers and helping people achieve financial goals...co-workers are very helpful","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Brighton, MI","September 27, 2016","4.0"
"Coworkers like to back stab management and coworkers","If you are not part of the click in the location were you are hired, you will not make in. May branchs are short help and have levels that are normally to high to hit and this is why there turn over is so high","Services Representative","Former Employee","Springfield, VA","September 26, 2016","4.0"
"Unprofessional environment","Unprofessional, supervisors play favorites and the only way to move up is if they like you personally. The atmosphere was fun, games and contests kept you entertained.","Banker","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 26, 2016","3.0"
"treats the customer with care and compassion","Great enviorment wonderful treatment to the clients makes them feel at home. It was a great experience. Employess could be better....... hardestpart was managing time","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 23, 2016","2.0"
"Good place to get your foot in the door.","The position I'm in is pretty good. From the moment you start (training) you are fully covered by the benefits. Some days it could be crowded and hectic but some days it could be pretty slow and calm. The employees and management are fantastic.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","September 23, 2016","4.0"
"High turnover for good reasons","The job itself was great; I felt productive every day and was challenged to learn more about my role without feeling overwhelmed. However, the manager and supervisor would make last-minute changes to the schedule, changed their mind at the last minute about giving days off that were agreed upon months ago, and often would not adhere to important policies for the sake of convenience. I was with the company for a very short time and saw so many employees come and go during my time there because they were not willing to do anything for the employees.","Teller","Former Employee","Severna Park, MD","September 23, 2016","3.0"
"It was great experience working with the company","It was great experience working with the company. I gave me a platform to execute my skills in the apt direction. I could develop both personal life and professional life balance.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2016","4.0"
"I enjoyed it in the beginning but as time went by, I felt unappreciated.","In the beginning, I truly enjoyed working for this bank but as time went on, I began to feel less and less appreciated. A lot was required of me with little reward. I felt like I could not give clients the best customer service and that cooperate did not care about clients needs.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 22, 2016","4.0"
"Fair Company","Relaxing company, Fair Sales Structure, good compensation. Medical isn't great and the systems constantly crash and are out of date compared to other banks. If you are employed in the south your options for advancement are limited most corporate jobs are in the north.","Financial Consultant II","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA 30127","September 21, 2016","4.0"
"General","I liked working for the company They have a great benefit package especially the new maternity leave program. I would work for them again.","Customer Service Sales Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2016","5.0"
"high pressure","Hardest part of the job was dealing with several supervisors and unobtainable sales goals. It seemed as the though the goals were set very high and company didn't care about the stress level it put on employees.","Customer Service","Former Employee","NA","September 21, 2016","3.0"
"ok place to work","in the beginning it was great then it became like every other company that hires unqualified people for higher positions.","Cash Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 20, 2016","4.0"
"stress caused by bad employee choices","Constantly having to fix other peoples mistakes when a slight bit of attention to detail would have prevented it. I love to work, but find I don't actually get to do much of it. There are times when I am focused and all my co workers want to do it talk about recipes. There is a time and place for everything, When I am at work, I want to make money, not sit around with my girlfriends and discuss what were doing that night.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Chicagoland Area, IL","September 19, 2016","3.0"
"Great boss","Loved this job in Gobles, but left due to it closing. The company itself is okay. Lots of pressure in cross selling. It was hard to do the this bank conversations to there satisfaction.","CSA II","Former Employee","Gobles, MI","September 19, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","Work environment a little stressful. Have a lot to work on overall for the company. Takes good care of their employees. Compensation is great, do you're job and you will be rewarded.","Business Lending Services","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 19, 2016","4.0"
"Hard working likes challenges","A typical day in work is busy with no stopping just working to your fullest potential. I have learned that everyone has different expertise don't expect everyone to work you The hardest part of the job is not sweating the small stuff. I love working with people that is what makes the job the best plus always learning new task.","Work Leader for Loan Processing","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 19, 2016","4.0"
"Good working experience at this bank","I learnt lots of front-end technologies there. My colleagues were all nice and smart. The environment in this bank is really good! Typically I attend scrum meeting every morning.","Front End Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2016","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great company for anyone wanting to begin a career in the Banking field. I work with a hard-working team and enjoy helping customers reach their financial goals.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 18, 2016","3.0"
" this bank Employees at Work","This is the best place to work. The staff and colleagues are simply awesome.Good Learning Scope, can get chance to learn different technologies. Just loved it.","Tableau Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace."," this bank is a very productive work environment. Everyday is a learning experience. Great teamwork is the key to work for a common goal and achieved expectations and customer satisfaction.","Operations Work Leader","Current Employee","Dallas, TX","September 17, 2016","3.0"
"n/a","I learned how to do customer service were people would bring back things or do returns. The hardest part of the job was communication. I enjoyed this job because of the people I made friends there.","Teller","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","September 15, 2016","2.0"
"Favortisim and Unprofessionalism","The job isn't hard but when management shows favoritism and picks on the employees it's hard to function and have a health work environment. There is no balance between work and life as this bank values and conduct portrays, the Southgate Dix Toledo branch lacks help","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Southgate, MI","September 15, 2016","3.0"
"Busy workplace with multitasking to meet customers needs.","Typically, I would always run the drive thru at the bank. I learned to be quick and efficient to process customers transaction as they were usually in a hurry. I did like my management and co-workers as I am still in contact with most of them even after I quit. They became more than just my co-workers, they became dear friends as well. The hardest part of the job I would have to say was trying to get referrals in the drive thru because usually people were in a hurry to get in, get out, and get done. I was able to get some customers to upgrade accounts or get new ones once in a while but when they wanted to get done so quickly, it did make it a little more difficult. The most enjoyable part of my job was the fact that I got to meet new people and help them the best that I could. Some of my favorite customers also became friends and to this day we are still in contact and keep in touch.","Drive Thru Teller","Former Employee","Pickerington, OH","September 14, 2016","3.0"
"Productive and fun worplace","It was a great place to work. its sales oriented. I learnt how to be team player. Management was a bit challenging. Co workers were great. Hardest part of the job was the sales goals. the most enjoyable part were working with my tea and satisfying my clients.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Teaneck, NJ","September 14, 2016","4.0"
"instability in leadership of the region","The regional manager, if he does not like you, you will be put in a position to quit or get fired!!!! They all have there favorites. No growth opportunities in this region.","Branch Sales Associate","Former Employee","Norfolk, VA","September 14, 2016","1.0"
"Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager","I was a Vice President and the Senior Portfolio Manager in this bank Advisors. Princeton was their largest office with over 600 accounts.The job was easy, except for the number of clients that I was expected to serve. They ranged from 600 when I started to 350, when they hired a second portfolio manager.There was a great deal of client entertainment at breakfast, lunch and dinner.and many company meetings at a distance. I worked hard and was well paid Management and administrative changes were very fluid while I was there.","Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","September 13, 2016","3.0"
"Management does not uphold company values.","Company has a great reputation overall, but management does not uphold the same values. As long as numbers are hit, regional managers don't seem to be concerned with how the branches are run on a day to day basis. This leads to unfair treatment of associates and clients.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 13, 2016","3.0"
"Fast paced and very productive","My typical day consist of reviewing all commercial loans assigned to my queue. Verify any and all documents received for each request. I learned how to work in a fast pace environment. I get along with all my co-workers. We all help out one another. The hardest part of the job for me is getting there. I have recently moved and this is why I'm looking for a new position closer to home. The commute is driving me crazy, but I do what I have to do until I find another.","Loan Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2016","4.0"
"Only if.... we got paid more","This is a great bank to work for. I work in the grocery store branch. The hours are extended and we do work holidays. The company offers good healthcare, but very high deductibles. Maternity leave is 16 weeks here. the bank unlike many other companies matches the 401k 4% and has a pension unlike other banks. Yes other banks do pay more that is the only issue. We aren't pressured as hard as other banks to sell sell sell but it worth it if you want the money.","BSSA","Current Employee","Timonium, MD","September 13, 2016","3.0"
"Great bank","During my time at this bank I have learned a lot in regards to bank policies and procedures, fraud detection and customer service. A typical day would not only be processing customer transactions, but also scheduling appointments, doing my best to resolve any client problem or complaint, making and receiving phone calls from clients, being aware of surroundings and monitoring any suspicious persons or activities, and recommending products and services to clients to better assist them as well as increase their financial well being.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 13, 2016","2.0"
" this bank"," this bank was a great place to work! It's a laid-back environment that will put your foot in the door for a business career. Management is very professional.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","September 12, 2016","5.0"
"Fun place to learn more knowledge along with peace of mind.","It was a great honor to work under such prestigious organisation where I used to do tasks such as Creation and maintenance of the database, Managing Control file, Redo log file and Data file, Creating user accounts, roles, profiles & granting access to the database and more tasks,","Oracle DBA","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 12, 2016","5.0"
"Banking","The Company was a good place to work. There was no room for advancement. I loved helping people and empowering them to have more control of their financial life.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 11, 2016","3.0"
"Productive","A great company to grow and endless opportunities. Supportive coworkers and friends who becomes your family. A family oriented company. Most awarding part of the job is knowing you helped someone better their life and finance.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, PA","September 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great Benefit, Paid time off","A very fun place to work. Superb Work-Life Balance. Call Center environment. Have the opportunity to meet other co-workers but demands of job offers little socializing.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2016","3.0"
"It was quite at all amazing time working there learn many things there","what should i say after an year it was afterall the experience that mattered the most.Make some memories and learn new things.","DATA ANALYST","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced","Fast paced rewarding job, hardest part is not being able to reverse fees to customers who needed it the most. Co-workers are fun to be around a sense of family.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"Good company trying to be a good corporate citizen.","Good company trying to be a good corporate citizen. Best part of the job: Working with clients, both internal and external. Hardest part of the job: Keeping up with the regulatory environment.","Corporate Banking","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"Working for this bank","Bonus and compesation structure needs to be more detailed. There were constant changes on it, and looks like there is not much of stability on those two things.","Sr Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"A great stepping stone"," this bank has a great culture, but within the small world of Business Credit managers have too much impact on your future given that you will never even once work with them. Travel can be tiring at times too in the Field Examiner role.","Development Program, Business Credit - Analyst","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"It was en excellent company to work at/","I actually was hired back in 1985 and the compamy back then was named ,Bradford Trust. I came in as an Accts/Payable Clerk. I worked during the day and went to school at night and thanks to them, I only had to only pay 20% of my tuition, as the remainder was paid thru the company's tuition reimbursement program I grew up with the company as it went from 100 employees to 3,500 in the 24 years I was there. I ended up as a senior programmer analyst. Good company to work for....","Programmer Analyst","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","September 5, 2016","5.0"
"I have to travel everyday for my job, but it was a good place to work everyday that I was there.","I was in a position where travel to a different property each day was required. There was something different each day and that is exciting to me. When I was in the office, my co-workers were outstanding and very friendly. Management provided good training when needed and also provided good overall guidance in my career. The 24/7 on-call schedule is the hardest part of the job, but I also like the excitement of addressing and finding solutions to on-going customer concerns and responding to emergencies situations on a 24/7 schedule. By keeping busy and doing something different each day I find property management to be very enjoyable It is also hard to see many banking properties closing due to the increasing use of on-line banking to conduct many personal and business banking transaction with new customers. The banking industry as a whole has been gradually reducing the total overall office and banking space they occupy.","Property Manager","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","September 3, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work!","I've worked for other lockbox companies and none compare to this bank. Fair, positive, laid back environment. No micro managing, at least on my shift. Incentive program is awesome! It is production driven so the more you produce the more you make. Starting salary could be a better though.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 3, 2016","4.0"
"no work/life balance, low pay","Too many non-productive meetings, too much reporting, management needs revamping Great position for someone just starting out.","Merchant Services Account Executive","Former Employee","Smyrna, DE","September 1, 2016","3.0"
"Too little pay","Not a busy branch. No way to obtain a pay increase or promotion. Too much downtown, makes the day drag by. Hours of operation were the only good thing. Pay was terrible.","Teller","Former Employee","Hickory, NC","September 1, 2016","2.0"
" this bank"," this bank had bought out bank N Bank which had done the same with Harbor Federal Savings Bank. The major challenge was conforming to a large bank system from and extremely efficient community Bank. As the system changed, so did the atmosphere of helping our customers.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","September 1, 2016","4.0"
"Production","I love the job, just hate lack of team work. We all have a task here to complete and we can not do it with a (I) in team. Everyone is responsible for different tasks and if there is room to help others then we do so when necessary","MAIL SPECIALIST CLERK II","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","August 31, 2016","3.0"
"great teams that are there for you, but a little unorganized"," this bank taught me a lot. i learned patients working in a call center for over a year and a half overall, i loved working with my team, however i felt lake management kept that teams out of the loop and didn't tell us what we needed to know.","Multi-Channel Consultant (II)","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 31, 2016","4.0"
"Contract Project Manager","• Replacing the existing network in all the branch locations throughout the USA to provide for faster cleaner service • Providing reports to the senior leadership team to manage the Strategic impact of the network changes. • Providing all teams with added process improvement and risk reduction within the PMO","Contract Project Manager","Current Employee","Dallas, TX","August 31, 2016","1.0"
"Productive & fun place to work","Great opportunities to work, learn and grow within the banking industry. Have seen many people on my team promoted to better opportunities within the bank. company has excellent array of Employee Business groups that allow employees to network and grow within the bank.","Outbound Telesales Business Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2016","3.0"
"An overall enjoyable place to work for.","I enjoyed working at this bank and the management team was awesome. It was a positive environment and there were opportunities to advance in your career.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Port Richey, FL","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Great Place to work","My working environment was awsome and we where all like family at my branch. Because I was there for some time I got to know the customers, their wants and needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Conshohocken, PA","August 30, 2016","4.0"
"Great company to work for","I had been in a few positions with this bank, the training programs were great and there was always room to move up in the company.","Service","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Excellent company","Excellent company to work for. Benefits and training excellent. The company takes a worldly view of the customer and focuses on the financial well being of the customer. Diverse working environment.","AVP","Current Employee","Timonium, MD","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Productive","This is a wonderful company to work for, the learning environment is exciting and fun and everyone gets along very well with one an other, and they have incentives and bonuses that you can earn through the sales.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Working for this bank Greater Atlanta","I have not meet a single person at this bank who has not seemed content with their jobs. They are all very friendly and seem to have a good life/work balance. The atmosphere is welcoming and the company seems to value their employees. There is of course a lot of paperwork that needs to get done and the learning curve for their particular way of doing things is very high. There does appear to be some turn over, but it is usually from people leaving for other jobs, from what I can tell.","FSC","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 29, 2016","5.0"
"I love my Branch","I love my branch and I love my manager. I just don't agree in the direction that the company is headed towards. If you would like to know more you can definitely ask me.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Warrenton, MO","August 28, 2016","4.0"
"Genuine team atmosphere","Great company to work for however for employees who are located in area where this bank is not prominate, it can be challenging finding growth opportunities.","Employee Relations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2016","4.0"
"high pressure position. heavy turnover.","Lots of cold calling. Attempt to make appointments for Financial Advisor. Became licensed for insurance while there. The employees felt continual pressure to out-perform their preceding month numbers. 100% sales job.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 27, 2016","3.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work, some adjustments could be made. I just do not have a good schedule and hours. Not enough break time. I enjoyed learning new skills that I did not have before beginning employed with this bank.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 27, 2016","3.0"
"fun working.experienced many thing to leran","i had an opportunity of learning many new things.the work environment was really good.it has been busy learning all the time","Cognos Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2016","4.0"
"Strong Sales Culture","Work Life Balance was very good, Mngmnt OK - really push on widget selling - and obtaining goals. Restructure of the Business Bnking Line of Business - many good employees have been Displaced. High Deductible Health Insurance is just awful.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2016","3.0"
"Lovely place to work","I enjoyed my time at Chase. I would recommend people to work here as well. They are awesome. They will definitely give back what you put into the company.","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 26, 2016","5.0"
"Testing","• Performed analysis of functional descriptions, specifications, system and operator manuals, and flow charts • Resolved CA$HLINK II level inquiries from Federal Agencies and Financial Institutions using electronic or software tools, manuals and technical support documentation. • Developed Test Plans, Test Scenarios and detailed test cases based on the business requirements and functional specifications on a mainframe application. • Used Test Director for managing the business requirements, Test plans, Test labs and Test defects. • Performed system testing, Integration testing and Regression testing. Collaborated with the development team to clarify functional specifications.","Junior Tester","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","August 24, 2016","5.0"
"Sales sales sales","It's all about sales. The company speaks about financial well being like they are going to change the customers life, but it really all about driving sales Compensation is joke./","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicagoland, IL","August 24, 2016","2.0"
"Mostly Good People","While my departure was acrimonious my overall experience with this bank was pleasant the employees are knowledgeable and polite and form bonds with clients.","Teller","Former Employee","Lakewood, OH","August 24, 2016","4.0"
"Great co-workers, direct manager really wants you to succeed. Very little opportunity for advancement","Goals and objectives are constantly changing, very little opportunity for advancement and incentive compensation is not competitive. Direct manager is always available to support you, the direct manager wants their subordinates to advance and attempts to help with career development, unfortunately this often does not end up and career advancement. Co-workers are very supportive and fun to work with often because we share the same struggles. Regional mangers do not feel as though they need to follow corporate policy. Due to constant system upgrades there are often times that we lose access to important tools.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","August 23, 2016","3.0"
"great bank","Larger bank with good upper management that really seems to care about all of the employees. Focus on career development is a big thing. Very customer focused.","treasury management","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","August 23, 2016","5.0"
"A friendly and encouraging workplace.","We were required to perform multiple functions in a day. Management was very encouraging and pushed us to do our best. My co-workers were always very positive and helpful. Most enjoyable part of the job was being able to help the customer's with their financial problems.","DETECTIVE AND INVESTIGATIVE ANALYST","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 23, 2016","4.0"
"n/a"," this bank was a great opportunity to start my career after college. I learned how to deal with Face to Face interaction. I loved my time there. Now I am looking for an opportunity to work at a corporate level.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","August 22, 2016","3.0"
"calm and cool","talking to clients and meeting what's asked of me throughout the day, also checking work before submitted it. Meeting all deadlines no matter what it takes.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 21, 2016","5.0"
"Adjustable and great place to work","Receiving and assisting customers with the inquiries. Learned to redeem points for customers and how to walk them through on utilizing Online Banking","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2016","5.0"
"Many promises not real facts","Many promises when hiring but not real opportunities once on board, very limited branches on this market and even more limited advance opportunities, limited duties compare to similar positions at other banks based on 15 yrs experiences","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Bradenton, FL","August 19, 2016","3.0"
"High stress job, but co workers were kind.","My Job as a default specialist at this bank was fast paced and at times, stressful. The people who I worked with were kind and fun to be around. Without them working as a default specialist would been much more stressful.","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 19, 2016","3.0"
"SR San/Storage Implementation Specialist","Good Place to work Great learning Experience. Excellent Management. Good work ethics. Great environment. Good team and great environment ,","Storage Implementation Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 18, 2016","5.0"
"Fun workplace.","Good break room and I loved walking around the job, helped me maintain a good healthy lifestyle as opposed to sitting behind a desk all the time. I was the most fit at this job then any other job I've had.","Bank teller - Full-time","Current Employee","Rockledge, FL","August 18, 2016","4.0"
"Great Job with Huge Benefits!","Management can suck, but HR department is awesome so it makes things better. Great company along with awesome benefits for growth if you'd stay with the company.","Multi-Channel Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 17, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","Balance debits and credits on client accounts, research client atm transactions if there was an issue. liaison between clients and bank branches. Looked through atm tapes and client statements to rectify any errors.","Error Resolution Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 17, 2016","4.0"
"Very productive and fun work office","Each day you knew what needed to be done, we also have morning huddle which is to keep everyone inform or get updated information.","Detection and Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 16, 2016","5.0"
"Good for a hold me over, limited potential for career starting at this level","Seems great at the onset, once you get your feet wet and settled in, you begin to see why turnover is so frequent. Performance driven with limited ability to own the experience. 100 calls per day, seems like Team Leads are never around, or when they are they are in meetings or busy.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent place to work with room for advancement","Work assigned to you via email; work independently and with others during training sessions. Used 10-15 different computer systems throughout the day. Demands of time management skills and multi-tasking workload. Always room for advancement in this company. Great support management.","Loan Support Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Working environment good place to work. I have learned really lots of new things at the work.I really love to work here. Management was really good. My boss was really supporting.","QA Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2016","5.0"
"Must be very flexible","Time management wasn't the greatest, definitely have gone through many struggles such as staffing but somehow it was overcome with great sacrifices. Sometimes you will not eat lunch at the same time everyday or not at all. Breaks will vary as well and your clock out time can change from time to time due to branch meetings, or branch audits due to over or short in a teller's drawer. Some branches do go out of their way to celebrate birthdays which I enjoyed but got my birth day wrong (I'm November and somehow they got September.) The hardest part of my job is working the teller supervisor position and not getting compensated for it and not asked to take the position when it was open.","Teller III/ATM Custodian/Back-Up Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD 21401","August 12, 2016","2.0"
"Stay away","Was once a great Bank...no longer true. New Sr. Leadership is the issue. Culture has gone down hill fast. No longer customer focused. People leaving in droves.","Banker","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 11, 2016","1.0"
"Great Company","Loved the people I worked with and the company took great care of it's employees. They organized a semi-annual employee appreciation week filled with events and food for us.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Belleville, MI","August 11, 2016","5.0"
"Very low salary and not motivated work environement","It was a challenging position very demanding but not really compensated in the same level. Employees are just a number and the was not training or career advancement.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Montclair, NJ","August 11, 2016","4.0"
"Not a fun place to work.","Not a nice place to work. There is not much room for advancement unless you know someone. The credit card department is the worst department to go into.","Credit Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2016","1.0"
"Not what they tell you in interview","working in a branch is a difficult task and they leave things out at the interview. work life balance is not good. hard to even make doc appointments. everything is if the branch can afford you not working that day. its 6days a week unless you use vacation. bonus is hard to get when this bank approval rate on loans are high.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 10, 2016","2.0"
"teller","Processing various customers transactions including deposits, withdrawals , transfers , payments , and check cashing . Balancing cash drawer . Recommending appropriate products. Super nice Management very helpful. Also co-workers we all worked together.","Teller","Former Employee","Thorndale, PA","August 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great Place to Work","Great corporate culture and stable, though hard to advance once inside due to a very poor pay band structure that favors outside talent over inside talent.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace"," this bank is an excellent employer. They offer a host of products to suit the growing needs of both the individual consumer and the large corporate customers.","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Tenafly, NJ","August 10, 2016","4.0"
"Good place to gain experience in order to advance","A typical day on the job consists of checking and answering emails, resolving any issues that your clients may have (such as an account that has been overdrawn), answering phone calls, making outbound calls to schedule appointments, handle financial transactions and open bank accounts. Lastly lots of coffee In regards to learning, I learned a lot about financial products and how they work such as mortgages. I learned how to provide really good customer service Management was very respectful but many times somewhat hypocritical in their demands for meeting goals Hardest part was dealing with very rude customers and making sales goals with products such as credit cards because many people would not qualify The most enjoyable part was helping really great clients. There were many of them that were very appreciative and nice. Also the coffee was pretty good.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 9, 2016","3.0"
" this bank","Overall a good company to work for. I made tons of friends at this employer. During my time there pay was much better than what I heard it is today though.","Teller","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","August 9, 2016","4.0"
"Best Communication among co workers","High goals were given which you can can only achieve if you have every team member on board. Daily team huddles to know the areas of focus we needed to work on. Learning the strengths and weakness of each and every team member and working off of them.You spent so much time with your fellow team mates you would create a family bond.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Jupiter, FL","August 9, 2016","4.0"
"Not the same","I have been at this bank for 4 years. Customers and employees used to matter. Not anymore. All management cares about is the stockholder and stock price.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2016","2.0"
"Business Analyst - Mortgage","Overall good experience. You will spend lots of time preparing decks and researching KPI's for senior management to make intelligent business decisions. There can be obstacles to getting things done (departments, old thought processes, ect.) that make this job frustrating at time. However, leadership is receptive to feedback.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 8, 2016","4.0"
"Stressful environment for low pay but provides good experience and benefits if you stay long enough.","I've been with the bank for four years in two separate positions. In both positions I've been one of the top performers in my region but nothing is ever good enough and getting anything above an mediocre review and subsequently a decent raise is extremely difficult. They will always find one category you didn't hit goal at and use it to justify their position. Bonuses can be great or horrible depending on your position and time of year. The incentive plan changes all the time. They have gone as far as to change incentive negatively for products you've already sold but of course only positively for future sales. Turnover is extremely high and staffing is a constant issue. It's not uncommon to run at half staff for months at a time, meanwhile the goals and expectations stay the same. It's not uncommon that you have to do two people's jobs. Then of course you work constant overtime and take short or no lunch. I've had co-workers quit and walk out, go to lunch and never come back, no call no show for days then quit, have panic attacks at work and have to leave, all because of the stress level and demands of the job. The benefits package is nice but you have to be with the company for 6 months before you get your full benefits and 3 years before your vested in their 401(k) and pension. So if you leave for any reason before 3 years, you lose them.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 7, 2016","2.0"
"Watch your back","They are letting great employees go when they challenge lack of strategy to win. They say they are a tech leader, but they are not. The word collaboration does not exist in retail banking.","Universal Branch Sales Manager","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","August 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to work with the right manager","Great customers but a typical day at work can be horrible depending on the type of day your manager is having. Management should be the examples they wish to see in their employees. Too many Indians, not enough Chiefs. I've learned the art of multitasking. Great customers though...","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 6, 2016","2.0"
"Fast paced and well organized workplace.","A typical day at work is busy, but with ample oppurtunity to be personally attentive to customers. I've learned a multitude of neccesary, people and teamwork skills that make my workplace experience extremely fufilling .","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","August 6, 2016","5.0"
"Great Team overall","Great team and management. I receive a lot of support and work to life balance. No sales pressure and great clients to work with. Upper management takes the time to know you.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 6, 2016","5.0"
"Great job if you are looking for a career to move up"," this bank is a great company. Especially if you have no set skills. Their on the job training is top notch. Depending if you are a teller or a customer service rep at the desk your day can be different. But your day is consumed with helping customers which I love. The processes that are set up for this bank makes it easy to complete your daily task.","Sales Associate","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","August 4, 2016","5.0"
"Friendly Inviorment","Distributing and collecting mail, stock floor orders; handle inquiries from this bank employees; provide office support; answer incoming calls and perform data entry. It is a lot of walking and you must have good memory.","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 4, 2016","4.0"
"Never Work There","The banks want to tell you how to do everything and when to do it. This is why when you go to the banks there are so many new faces.","Service Rep","Former Employee","Springfield, VA","August 3, 2016","2.0"
"Very strict","great place to work yada yada yada i filed this request before and do not feel like repeating myself indeed all i need is a job not to review old jobs im looking for better opportunities","Universal Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Heathrow, FL","August 3, 2016","5.0"
"Cool company, nothing amazing.","I learned a lot. There's opportunities to grow and get promoted. The hours were excellent in-store honestly. I loved my shifts. I performed very well, so management really encouraged and helped me grow even more.","Marketing Ambassador","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ 08873","August 2, 2016","4.0"
"Its very productive and effective company"," this bank is a company that I recommend for every one good work ethics productive tolerance love it.all this time the main supervisor are great and manjement.","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","August 1, 2016","5.0"
"If you want to excell apply for this bank","I love my job here. Its amazing. They give you opportunities to do any job you want. You don't have to go to school to be a banker they compeletely train you on everything you need to know","Bank Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","August 1, 2016","5.0"
"Poor Management, Glass Ceilings and Underpayment"," this bank is notorious for underpaying their employees. The average education level of my department is a GED. I have a Masters and do not get paid equally. The management team creates a glass ceiling and an exclusionary environment. Out of 6 individuals with Masters, there will only be one individual left after I leave.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 31, 2016","2.0"
"Great Company","The company is very sales driven. Management can be tough. Good benefits, good bonuses, base pay is low but bonuses will make for that","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Newtown Square, PA","July 31, 2016","3.0"
" this bank","I don't agree with the way that the treat African American employees. They have decent healthcare plans. The work environment was very unprofessional and chaotic. The pay was good, however the hectic atmosphere isn't worth it.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 30, 2016","1.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, however, management could use some more training in communication. The incentive program which his based on your performance is great.","Accounts Receivable","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","July 29, 2016","3.0"
"Great work/life balance","Besides dealing with the customer's calling frantically about their money I enjoy this bank. The team leads value your opinion.","Core Consultant II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 29, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank was a great place to work. I had to move out of state with a significant other and there were no this bank's where I was moving. It was a shame I had to leave.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Beaver Falls, PA","July 29, 2016","5.0"
"Good","I started here when I was young and it was a great job that grew up with me. The customers are the best and it is great learning their stories and getting to know them. I have learned so much from this job a lot of young people my age probably know nothing about. Greatest opportunity I have had so far.","Banking Teller Representative","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","July 28, 2016","4.0"
"WBB (Web Based Banking) helps online banking customers to see past transactions and plan for future ones that will apply for selected accounts. WBB on","• Worked in the design and development phases of the application using ROR framework. • Used Rails, AJAX, JSON, CSS and JQUERY to design the front end of the application. Back end of the application is developed mainly using Active Records. • Created and deployed new features and amend existing features. • Developed and tested many features in an AGILE environment using Ruby on Rails, HTML5, CSS JavaScript, Bootstrap, Rspec, and Html.","Senior Ruby on Rails Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 26, 2016","5.0"
"Fun place to work the people make the job","My position is prospect deadline oriented. Support the sales team. Good place for working mothers - back-up care options","RFP Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2016","4.0"
"Flexibility in most teams, terrible compensation","While this bank can be flexible in most situations with work-life balance and setting work schedules, they do not seem to care about retaining good employees. I have seen many great employees leave over the last couple of years because of compensation. Employees for the most part, are not compensated competively and even when people receive promotions, they are sometimes still not receiving even a one dollar increase in salary.","Finance Project Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2016","3.0"
"Productive,","A typical day at an in-store this bank would be from 10am-730pm. Most of out time is spent cold calling a lot of the customers we encounter in the teller station and positioning products and services","FIANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","July 25, 2016","4.0"
"banker","i work at this bank, its okay with just about everything, but the work in non rewarding, and the managers are crazy in the current low rate environment. they've lost their work/life balance appeal","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 24, 2016","4.0"
"Challenge accepted.... and conqured","As a Lead/Project Manager I have to monitor workflow, do all reporting, head meetings, and put out the day to day fires. It takes great organizational and time management skills I've learned a lot about managing time, meeting deadlines, how to manage in a fast paced, business environment I've helped build my team into a well oiled, independent machine that needs little supervision. They are a great group who takes on challenges well The hardest part about the job is managing several different time sensitive aspects of it at once. Emails, instant messages, persona team inquiries, meetings, and upper management requests and the juggling it takes to e successful The most enjoyable part of my job is the challenge it brings day to day and the unique problem solving aspect of it.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 22, 2016","4.0"
" this bank was a good bank to start my banking career","I learned a great deal at this bank. My immediate Supervisors were dedicated to our success, I was looking forward to going full time when the decision was made to move West. I was a Teller. Not a Branch Manager","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Bloomsbury, NJ","July 22, 2016","5.0"
"Ahead of the game in technology and always willing to teach","All in all I have been impressed with this bank as a company. They have taught me a lot and I learn new things every day. I get to work with a variety of people. this bank is always looking for new ways to increase they're roll in an ever-growing technologically advancing society. It's been fun being a part of this bank's development as a company.","Lead","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","July 22, 2016","4.0"
"It was a nice place to work for.","Need to pay more,and not so good healthcare.My manager was great, hands on.I would have still been there if it wasn't for the pay and healthcare.","Loan Closing Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 22, 2016","3.0"
"Good place to get experience","I was able to advance through this bank rather quickly with a lot of hard work and dedication. If you have the will to succeed they will assist you with your development.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2016","4.0"
"Comfortable work environment","Nice building and space to work in. Very friendly people. this bank puts you though a very thorough training called this bank University and it is intense and gives you all the tools to be successful The management is good for the most part. Co-workers are helpful and very much work as a team...no matter what building you are located in. Hardest part of the job was mean customers. Most enjoyable was the majority of the customers were very nice.","Core Card Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to work","I loved working for this bank I regret leaving. A typical day at this bank was friendly customer service. Normal bank teller duties Management was fair, and wonderful. My co-workers were a pleasure to work with, and we all became friends who worked well together. The hardest part of the job is if something went wrong, and a customer wasn't happy. The good part of that was someone is always there to make them understand, and leave happy. The most enjoyable part of the job was pretty much everything. We all worked together like a well oiled machine. The busy times went by fast, and at the end of the day we were all happy and proud of our days work I'd give training an A+. I'd give the Managers an A+. I'd give my co-workers an A++. Over all products they offer an A+++ *If you are lucky enough to be a part of the this bank team you will love it.","Teller","Former Employee","Smiths Grove, KY and Bowling Green, KY","July 20, 2016","5.0"
"Good","Very tight team. Boss gives you daily action plans. Every week sale goals meeting. Small work place. Workers clean ban Health Care very cheap","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","July 19, 2016","5.0"
"You get to know a lot of people"," this bank was a good bank to work for until they bought all these banks and know they are getting to big for themselves. My co workers are nice and everybody gets along.","BSSA","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","July 19, 2016","3.0"
"Busy Banking Office","Working 14 years in Banking it is changing. My roles are: ~greeting and processing up to 4 lanes of vehicles. ~answering phone lines. ~customer service. ~handling cash & vault. ~handling any complaints and taking ownership and getting them resolved. ~making sure all data in computer is accurate. ~doing on line training courses. ~scheduling appointments for customers for account reviews. Working in the Drive Thru is challenging every day, you are by yourself & you need to use your best judgement on handling certain situations or call management for further assistance.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Otsego, MI","July 18, 2016","4.0"
"Busy/Stressful, but good culture.","Great company and culture. Benefits are pretty good if you take advantage of what is offered. Work load is high and pace of everything is fast. A lot of turnover/transition can further heighten stress.","Business Information Security Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 18, 2016","4.0"
"Good bank to work for","much better than the other bigger banks, in SoFla where they are building market share the company culture is great, a lot less pressure than other major players.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301","July 17, 2016","5.0"
"Poor Management, Unreal Expectations, Poor Pay, Lack of concern for employees","It was a good job to work at to get a start at first, but I am extremely looking forward to moving on to a different career.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","La Grange, KY","July 16, 2016","2.0"
"Great Place to Work","I greatly enjoyed working at this bank for all of these years. I would still be there if it was not that I had to move back to Alabama. While there I was able to gain many relevant skills that afforded me to be very successful as a Branch Manager, Team Leader, Partner, Trainer and most importantly a Positive, Supportive, Encouraging TEAM MEMBER!","Business Banker","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","July 16, 2016","5.0"
"Fun place,work life balance,","I love my job and assisting the customer with financial freedom. I enjoy coming into work with an amazing supervisor and co-workers. this bank offers a strong sense of work-life balance and accommodating work environment","Core Consultant II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 15, 2016","5.0"
"Negative environment and poor management","I worked for this company a short time,but it didn't take long to realize I made a mistake. The training is long and pointless.The pay is the lowest no matter what position you have and the benefits aren't good either. The branch I worked in was so unorganized and stressful. Most were catty,unprofessional and not trained well to manage anything.I'm not surprised they have so much turn over within the company. If only we could pick the people we work with. don't waste your time!!","BSSR","Former Employee","North Carolina","July 14, 2016","1.0"
"Sub par Retail Bank"," this bank is not the ideal to place to work in retail banking. Systems are very out of date and management is very old school and not current.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Burbank, IL","July 14, 2016","2.0"
"Ping Pong is Amazing - Career is horrible in IT space","Talking about losely coupled management styles with highly muddy politics with no professional advancement. Management is hired and fired without professional issues and Managers are lobbying immature management styles with Group Directors and Co-Managers to budget a project without professional management experience. Interested to grow professional career not an intuitive place to start or consider","IT Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 14, 2016","1.0"
"Standard Bank Culture","As I have worked for several banks the typical day and operations are generally the same. A much stronger push has been placed on the sales and management staff to drive more business into the door via a focused calling effort.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Westerville Ohio","July 14, 2016","3.0"
"Stable Company","Management for the most part is supportive and helpful. Any job pertaining to a customer's money can make it trying at times. Benefits and 401k are good.","Financial Representative","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","July 14, 2016","4.0"
"Good Team","Very supportive Team and nice to work at this bank, Learnt many things from mistakes. I got very good support from my superiors even in tough times","Programmer Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2016","5.0"
"hostile work environment","Unfortunately my experience at this company was not all positive. This was mainly due to the hostile work environment and the constant management changes.","Senior Investment Advisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 12, 2016","2.0"
"co workers were extremely helpful","I had gotten the opportunity to listen in on the more experienced co workers with the customers. I learned a tremendous amount of not only customer service but, seeking the best for the customer. Hardest part of the job was i felt as if i was pushing product onto the customer more than seeking what best to fit there needs..","Outbound Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 11, 2016","4.0"
"It is a place of work","Mostly taking care of transaction I have learned a lot since I have started working there. Could be better. Easy going, and very helpful. Having no breaks. Having coworkers I can count on"," this bank Teller","Current Employee","Ellicott City, MD 21043","July 10, 2016","2.0"
"Great people and work culture.","Great place to work as provides balance of work and personal life.Has wonderful and helpful people .No racism observed by me during my work period and people respect cultural differences.,has diverse workforce where people have tolerance and resspect for differences.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2016","5.0"
"Promotes professional growth","On a daily basis, there is a strong management team and support that allows for a level of employment that is both satisfying and engaging.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 9, 2016","4.0"
"Below Average Salary","Great work life balance, and you can work from home a couple of days a week if you work in certain departments. However their compensation for tech workers is pretty low.","Software Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2016","3.0"
"ok","Come into work assist clients with any inquires on account. Check emails for follow ups with clients. Use leads as leverage to help drive revenue for yourself as well as the bank. Management can be very helpful at times. Co- workers are great. Hardest part of the job can be falling short of sales and trying to get back on pace, especially if traffic is slow. Most enjoyable part is when you assist a client and they walk out feeling great.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New York, NY","July 8, 2016","3.0"
"Great team","The most enjoyable part of the job was working with an amazing team. Everyone worked really well together and worked really hard to deliver the best customer service possible.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Saint Cloud, FL","July 7, 2016","5.0"
"job description","I worked in the Lock box/ customer service area for 20 year we processed customers cancelled checks and mailed them on on a monthly basis. I handled scheduling of the shifts ,ordering of supplies, as well as phone calls .The location was very close to my home I loved it but the company was relocated","Customer Service Coordinator","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 7, 2016","5.0"
" this bank all the way!","Great company to work. True genuine people you'll meet. Opportunity for advancement. Great work-life balance. Couldn't work for a better company. Only downside is the pay isn't competitive","Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 6, 2016","5.0"
"challenging","asset based lending is always challenging and rewarding. No two days are the same. Multicurrency is added a special twist to lending in abl","Operations Manager Vice President","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","July 6, 2016","4.0"
"N/a","Great benefits and decent pay; worked in mortgage services assisting homeowners w/insurance, billing, taxes and claims","Customer Service - Mortgage Holder Assistance","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 6, 2016","4.0"
"Better Days","Depends on location and position but overall the company is okay... The mobility could be better and the 'competitive packages' were lacking a bit.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Delaware","July 5, 2016","3.0"
"Good Place to Work","A lot was learned at this bank. Management was good. Co-workers were excellent and were a place to go to help when needed. The hardest part of the job was managing numerous problems at once. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing a successful end result.","Senior Asset Resolution Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 5, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company","Worked for this bank for 3 years and was very happy during my time there. The company has great management and company culture with good opportunities to advance. Also, the incentive plan was competitive relative to peer banks.","Business Specialist","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","July 4, 2016","5.0"
"Great","Great time. Great people. Great leadership. Great working environment in my opion. Think it was awsome I would go back if offered.","Team Lead","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 4, 2016","4.0"
" this bank review","There is a lot of multi-tasking for various loan jobs. Management and co-workers are excellent, helpful and we get along very well.","Loan Processing Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 4, 2016","4.0"
"Great Networking Opportunity","• Consult with clients and conducted comprehensive portfolio analysis to provide tailored financial solutions to business owners with complex financial needs. • Analyze investment requirement and maintain effective communication with clients. • Maintain client relationships to provide enhancement to various referral programs","Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Virginia","July 3, 2016","3.0"
"Productive, great co-workers","Answering phone calls from internal lines of business to help with customer requests/issues. Processing functions around customer profiles- updating accts, addresses, phone numbers, etc. I have a high productivity rate The hardest part of the job being idle for long periods of time. While this is the hardest part it is by far hard to do The most enjoyable is the schedule of hours co-workers, and sense of accomplishment in helping customers.","Data Entry Operator","Current Employee","Bay City, MI","July 3, 2016","4.0"
"A big company"," this bank was a nice place to work. The customer's are great and the company focuses on knowing them by name and making them feel special.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","July 1, 2016","4.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for overall"," this bank is a great company to work for although internal opportunities for specialization and advancement are few and far between. Comp plan is more than sufficient. Leadership overall is strong with some exceptions. Hardest part of the job is the not so great technology at this bank and typical big bank bureaucracy. The most enjoyable part of my job is helping my clients and working in a true team atmosphere.","Banker","Current Employee","United States","July 1, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced corporate environment","*Accountable for over 50 different client bank accounts in 1 day. *Learned how to accurately upkeep standards of Healthcare Advocate accounts. *Worked directly with management to ensure quality and daily quotas were met","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","June 29, 2016","3.0"
"Learning and applying new technology","I was able to work with different equipment and learn it pretty quickly learning the new equipment was very interesting and I was determined to be great at it.","Customer service Representative","Former Employee","Mt. Clemens, MI","June 29, 2016","5.0"
"Best Job I've Had","Working for this bank has been by far the most rewarding job I've ever had. Great hours, along with management that takes an interest in your advancement and a fairly generous bonus structure, makes it a great place to get your feet wet in the world of finance and banking. The one thing that I could ask for is greater compensation. The quarterly bonuses are great but hourly it is a little lacking. The most rewarding part of this bank has been dealing with customers face to face and getting to help them personally improve their financial well being.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 29, 2016","4.0"
"Not What I Thought!","I was surprised that the management was not helpful. New employees were not trained by management. New Employees forced to sink or swim. Turnover rate was extremely high!!! Not a good experience with this employer.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Belleville, IL","June 29, 2016","2.0"
"rude staff","Staff is rude, no advancements, never get days off, I felt used and never appreciated. They also make you feel unintelligent.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","De Soto, MO","June 28, 2016","2.0"
"Good place to get started","The company is a good place to get started. Below local competitor's pay but, has stronger on the job training. A tall reporting structure Coworkers are nice, it is a fast paced environment. Currently a lot of turnover due to pay.","Sr","Current Employee","MD","June 28, 2016","3.0"
"Management did not exist","There was very little chance of advancement. Actions by management left employees feeling distrust towards management.","Branch Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Linesville, PA","June 28, 2016","3.0"
"N/a","I like the M-F and decent hours, having the weekends off here also, but again the job security could have been a little more promising.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","June 28, 2016","5.0"
"It's a great company to work at","It's a great company to work at. Great professionals managers to work with, learn from and help you develop your career.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","June 27, 2016","4.0"
"A very good Place to work","I loved working In this bank. Its avery good place to work. Coworkers are awesome. Technical support center and resources are amazing. I have learned lots of awesome thing from the diverse work culture of this bank","Automation Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 27, 2016","5.0"
"Job made decent money, and is a good place to start in your career.","This is not a good place to stay, but if you can succeed through a year or so and then move to a better job then you are golden.","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Spotsylvania, VA","June 26, 2016","4.0"
"Finacial Institution","Great Financial Institution for clients not so great fro employees. There is no job work life balance nor support for career advancement.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Greenbelt, MD","June 25, 2016","2.0"
"Close to my house","Not much growth opportunities. There are positions available but they would rather hire outside than promote from within","Relationship Manager II","Current Employee","Fairfax, VA","June 23, 2016","4.0"
"Horrible management, decent pay","Management is incompetent and lazy. Processes and procedures were poorly managed and each department within the company reflected this. I would never refinance or originate a mortgage with this company after experiencing first hand the lack of integrity they posses. Pay was okay however, there is no stability. Constant revolving door of hire and fire.","CSR - Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 23, 2016","3.0"
"Shrinking Opportunities","Company went from loose and fun environment to overbearingly corporate. Trying to imitate 'the Chase way' and causing increasing stress on loan officers and management. Management is increasingly pressured to push above and beyond compliance measures. Even so, company was completely unprepared for the advent of TRID regulations. No real plan in place for consumer direct lending when the HARP program expires at end of 2016. My direct reporting manager was fair and friendly, but other two managers were poor fits. One was not prepared to lead a team, the other let personal feelings and perceived threats to his reputation impede his managing.","Registered Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 23, 2016","3.0"
"Fun Workplace","Had nice time with my colleagues, It was a fun working environment.Less stressful than other bank, they are more focused in Gallup rather than sales.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, NJ","June 23, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company who cares about employees but low pay","Compared to our competitors this bank pays on the lower end of the scale, however within recent months a motion has been passed to make pay more competitive to reduce loss of employees to other companies. Slowly were getting there. Overall I love working for this bank, the benefits are average as far as medical, dental, vision; but they do offer a great 401k match, company paid employee life insurance and tons of training and workshops for advancement.","Personal Banker II","Current Employee","Plainwell, MI","June 23, 2016","4.0"
"I enjoyed the annual fitness challenges","On an average I rated this bank with 4 out ot 5 stars in most catagories. I really enjoyhed the Fitness Challenges and always look forward to the Meetings with the bank's CEO.","Senior Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 22, 2016","4.0"
"Place to work","The schedule is pretty solid knowing exactly when you'll be working and what time you get off is a plus. Always 40 hours. One hour lunch is always a plus however is not paid for(not that I expect it to be). Paid holidays and sick days. The only thing is that working here is not compatible with someone living on their own especially supporting children. The company expects to receive more than what they put out. If you want your employees to be the best you need to have something to put out, to motivate them. Health benefits are ridiculous, very expensive. There is no room for advancement and if there is any it is extremely hard to reach. They tend to hire from outside rather than promote from within. Getting a raise is extremely difficult and starting pay is not well.","CSA","Current Employee","Orlando","June 22, 2016","3.0"
"Horrible careless management","This place is a joke a cult driven nut house they pass off work and play mind games. They mob you in interviews and intimidate you.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 21, 2016","1.0"
"Great Company and Great Employees","It's a great bank to work for. Everyone is very helpful and nice. There isn't much upward or horizontal mobility within the business. Found it hard to move to different areas","Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 20, 2016","4.0"
"Retail Banking","You are a retail banker, which means you are there to push products and give quality customer service so your location can get compensation for it. Work load is very light and the opportunity to advance is very high if you are willing to work for it.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 17, 2016","3.0"
"fun place to work","love my co workers. all of the managers are pretty good to work with. i learned a lot of info that i didn't know prior to the job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 16, 2016","4.0"
"I liked it","It was time for a change, I loved the company, I loved my manager, there is a lack of growth in the company, you can go very far in a few years, I feel like they treat everybody the same, when there are others who deserve a lot more than what they receive","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 14, 2016","3.0"
"Awesome Career","Make it the best you can I loved my time here at this bank I just wish they would paymore money they pay a little under the market","Branch Manager AVP","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","June 14, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","I have really enjoyed my time at this bank. I have been able to learn a lot and move up within the company. However, when I graduated from law school they were unable to find a position for me in the company.","Default Specialist III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2016","5.0"
"Good Experience","I love working for the company however the compensation is not quite where I wish it were. Great advancement opportunities to broaden your experience but no real shift in salary. I have a great manager, but I do believe this aspect could really make or break your experience.","Financial Services Representative 111","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2016","4.0"
"Unstable and Unfocused","The potential at the branch level is immense. However the structure of the organization provided more obstacles than opportunities.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Eatontown, NJ","June 10, 2016","2.0"
"productive and fun working place","working with coordination and helping each other to accomplish the task going on in the company plan. plus creating conducive environment in the work plac thanks","Network Admin","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","June 10, 2016","5.0"
"Productive workplace, talented co-workers","I enjoyed working at this bank, everyone on the team was focused on delivering the highest quality service/product in a respectful working atmosphere.","Business Analyst - Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 9, 2016","5.0"
"need to be self- starter","The management seems to be very negative.Training platform was very poorly setup. Without support from our managers it was hard to succeed.","Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 8, 2016","3.0"
"Great benefits-harsh management","Great benefits but management expected too much from employees with very little pay. 401k and pension are provided as well as great benefits for working mothers","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","June 8, 2016","4.0"
"Many issues within this bank"," this bank...antiquated systems that leave their employees high and dry, upper management constantly changing, one conference call after another, just chasing numbers to make them look good, new incentive structure lessen payouts with more production. Not the client centric bank it originated from due to chasing stock price of 100$ per share. Every change that came down the river was a negative one towards ground level employees in the branches/call centers, which was very often because I feel this bank is trying to find their identity in the retail banking world. Regional national trying to be a Wells Fargo with Bill Gates Dos operating systems, Don't waste your time if your smart, people person, and have a mind of your own, because you will be formed into a corporate robot within the first 90 days.","Sr Branch Manager II","Current Employee","PA","June 6, 2016","2.0"
"Employee appreciation week is very nice","I have had the opportunity to learn about the post default and property preservation; the hardest part of the job is the increase work and less help","Late Stage Support Specialist Senior","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 6, 2016","3.0"
"Productive work environment","A productive work environment. A friendly team. A wonderful service. Easily maintianable balance between work and general life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 4, 2016","4.0"
"Experienced customer service associate","Polished, professional customer service rep offering: 10 years of experience providing customer support in busy call center environments for financial service industry employers. An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty. Strategic-relationship/partnership-building skills -- listen attentively, solve problems creatively, and use tact and diplomacy to find common ground and achieve win-win outcomes.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2016","3.0"
"Love this bank","I absolutely loved working for this bank. The company really values it's employment and the personal and professional growth of their employees. Due to the high value of the employees, it shows through to the customers so that the customers feel valued as well. I only left because they couldn't accommodate my school schedule at the time. I would love to go back to the company in a corporate perspective because I was just a teller.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 2, 2016","5.0"
"Good work/life balance. Emphasis on relationship with clients and their financial well-being.","Client-centered company, truly concerned about clients' well-being. Benefits are good, work/life balance excellent. Good working conditions, great fiscal policies.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","June 1, 2016","3.0"
"Great work-life balance, less than median pay","People and culture are great. Very collaborative and helpful. Typically a bit lower paid than other institutions. The bank has a very flexible work-life balance that allows the vast majority of employees work from home if they wish. I would recommend working here.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Houston, TX","June 1, 2016","5.0"
"Part Time Teller Indianapolis","I am a part time teller. I work 26 hours per week. I love my job and management team. The Management Team will back you up and we are like family. My co-workers are great. We always have each other and we work as a team. I have really learned banking skills to make me successful. The most enjoyable part of my job is my this bank. family at work. I love my job and I love the customers who make my job so enjoyable.","Part time Teller 26 hours","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 1, 2016","5.0"
"Strong Work Culture, but....","Enjoyed the relationship with my peers, however it felt very segregated between teams. Managers often felt too superior and spent much time on personal work. I can vouch for it, because I sat next to my team lead and she was taking personal calls all day for her other job.","Business Banking Service Specialist - Tier II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 31, 2016","3.0"
"good pay","the pay is fine the people are nice and it is a good place to work I love this bank with all of my heart positive review from this chick here woop woop","CREDIT CARD SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","May 31, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","its a great place to work, benefits are good and diversity at workplace is excellent, co-worker definitely the best part of my day. the most enjoyable part of my day is that I can be myself , management is a part that I have a lot of respect for the support given through the years.","Bilingual Loan Processor","Current Employee","pittsbugh","May 30, 2016","4.0"
"Great company but job security is becoming an issue","Opportunity for growth is very evident. Diversity throughout the company is encouraging. Job security not as strong as it has been in the past with recent layoffs","Call Quality Coach","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 30, 2016","4.0"
"Great company","Great company with several opportunities for advancement. great for someone who is new to banking to gain experience in different lines of business, as they are all frequently looking for candidates.","Fraud and Loss Analyst I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 30, 2016","5.0"
"Great company up North.","Due to low market share in the south, the company is still trying to figure out the south which makes for very pressured environment.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","May 28, 2016","2.0"
"Waste of time","You will be humiliated working at this bank. There's not enough training in the world for all the inconsistent training and changes they make daily. Wish I never fell for the positive and enthusiastic smiles and comments. They played me well.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","May 26, 2016","2.0"
"Management needs work","management is always changing. Someone needs to figure out why we keep changing people around. It was good company to work with but everyone is micromanaged all the time.","Branch Operations Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 26, 2016","3.0"
"Dream Job","I love my job and my coworkers. Great opportunity for development that provides a great quality of life. I would love to retire at this bank but I also would like to move to another state. I hope this bank moves to the state that I would like to move to.","Analyst II","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","May 25, 2016","4.0"
"Nice place to work","It's a nice bank to work for. They are more relaxed than their competitors. Managers are nice and willing to help. I enjoyed all the perks and benefits as well.","FINANCIAL SERVICES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 23, 2016","4.0"
"Great Co-Workers, and I love the Job"," this bank has been a great company to work for however I cannot reapply into the company with in the first year and I believe our branch will be closing due to low customer usage. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this company.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Vicksburg, MI","May 23, 2016","4.0"
"Loveable Enviroment."," this bank was a nice job, the only issue I have is with they policies and procedures of running the banking business. My job was to help customers around not only their bank accounts, but also credit cards, online banking, mortgage and loans.","Customer care Specialist III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2016","5.0"
"Life at this bank","I managed 5 people on the teller line. I would start at 8 am and review the ATM cash balance and adjust accordingly. I would complete schedules for the tellers. I would also complete the training for new tellers which began at corporate in a classroom environment. I was in charge of all the operations in the branch which included ordering cash and cash supplies, rectifying customer issues, completing weekly schedules, and balancing the branch's on hand cash. When one of the teller's vaults came up short $20,000, a full investigation proceeded from which management decided that I was not trained well enough for my job and I was demoted to a teller. At that point, I wasn't making enough money to live and I had to leave. I enjoyed seeing the same customers and developing a good relationship with them. I didn't enjoy seeing the deceit among employees which included suspicion or thievery as well as jealousy of pay grade and positions in the company.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","May 19, 2016","4.0"
"Productive","Great Place to work, normal day @ work would just be busy as always.We learn something different everyday. Management is good to work with.My co-worker are the best.","TRADE SERVICES ANALYST","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","May 18, 2016","5.0"
"Great opportunity and challenges along the way","For those willing to relocate, there are plenty of opportunities for advancement throughout the company. This company focuses on customer faced interactions and encourages conversations and outside promotion. Compensation is good for those with experience and quarterly incentives are obtainable if you work for it.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 18, 2016","4.0"
"Positive work experience","Over all, a good place to work. If you have tough skin and can take verbal abuse from immature customers, this is a good place to earn some paper. Must be a good researcher and problem solver, because the training provided is seriously lacking. On the other hand, upward mobility is always possible if you tough it out and adapt quickly.","Bilingual Retail Escalation Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 17, 2016","4.0"
"Fast Paced","I worked as a call center representative in it's member services department. I spent most of my days on the phone speaking and assisting customers.","CALL CENTER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 17, 2016","3.0"
"Flexible yet challenging","Work on many different tasks with colleagues from different backgrounds. Opportunity to lead and take initiative. Flexible work arrangements after earning management trust.","AML Compliance Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 17, 2016","4.0"
"Average place to work for","A typical day would consist of 'morning huddles' that would consists of everyone's daily goals and additional comments on how we would achieve our individual goals. The branch needs to meet a certain quota every day in order to maintain success - which was difficult depending on your tea. Management was always very helpful and willing to assist their employees whenever needed. Depends on which branch you are work for the employees are hit or miss, but for the most part they're enjoyable and somewhat helpful. Hardest part: on boarding experience, if you're new to the banking industry it makes it difficult to meet the sales goals at first (but i believe that is true to most sales roles) Most enjoyable: meeting new people and helping them achieve their financial goals","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 17, 2016","3.0"
"Aggressive Sales Culture"," this bank needs to make huge improvements in their systems that support its employees. Cannot compete with big banks like Chase or BofA. There is no work life balance in the retail bank. Upper management is clueless as to what happens in branches and what staff has to deal with. Sales goals are very aggressive and sometimes unrealistic.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 17, 2016","2.0"
"Exemplary Team Player and Manager","Over the years of my diverse work history, I have developed a very special management style. I treat all my teams] members, whether they be peers or managers, with mutual respect and compassion. Because I believe that 'happy' employees and far more productive than folks who are unhappy at their jobs, I make a point of satisfying all that is required of each person I come into contact with regardless of line of business, subordinate, or CEO. The most successful companies are always the ones who have staffing that work together and enjoy what they do. I have done my best to practice a famous tenet of the late, great Maya Angelo 'I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.' I will always make an attempt to leave a coworker, peer, boss, team leader, call center rep, or even my regional manager with a feeling of the fact they are in great hands and the rest outcome will be the result of our interaction.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","North Wildwood, NJ","May 16, 2016","5.0"
"work","A typical day was i would come in and try to clock in if a computer was open then the manager would have me stand in the lobby for my whole shift unless someone in the branch wasn't their then i would cover for them.","Switcher","Former Employee","Phoenixville, PA","May 16, 2016","5.0"
"Nice place to work","Always work open to close No overtime allowed Work 3 Saturdays a month Love my co-workers! Too much micro management! Love working with the public and helping people meet their goals!","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Spotsylvania, VA","May 15, 2016","4.0"
"Good for experience, but management will hold you back.","I was a Teller with this bank for roughly 1 year. A typical day consisted of taking care of customers deposits, answering questions, providing assistance with any issues within my capacity to solve all while following corporate policies and procedures. While I was there, I learned to become comfortable providing a substantially higher level of customer service than ever before. I became able to practice and perfect selling products and services to people of many walks of life, and in exchange I also became a much more outgoing person. I learned a lot about the banking industry (with some limitations) as well as the way that banks attempt to protect their customers from fraud. Management was a mixed bag; some days my boss would seem like a team player with a soul who wanted me to succeed, and on other days they would seem as if I was just another replaceable employee with whom they had limited tolerance due to the ramifications of unemployment insurance. Upper management was, in my best opinion, people in suits who saw entry level employees who barely did their job, even if there was physical data to prove otherwise. My co-workers were the highlight of my time with this bank. They are to this day some of the smartest people I have ever had the opportunity to work with. The hardest part of my job as a Teller with this bank was the unrealistic sales goals and micromanaging. If you're reading this and considering working for this bank as a Teller, be prepared to learn that yesterdays successes become tomorrows expectations. You will also be shocked to discover that although you might me - more...","Bank Teller I","Former Employee","Bristol, PA","May 15, 2016","3.0"
"Great Job","I love working at this bank. The people were perfect an the company always showed their employees appreciation. I was so sad that the branch closed in my city.","CSA","Former Employee","Buena Vista, GA","May 12, 2016","5.0"
"meet lifelong friends","I enjoyed daily interaction with co-workers and clients. I was very good at sales and service; number 1 teller in Pittsburgh market.","TELLER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent","Excellent environment, best team, enjoyable job, great benefits, nice job culture, best practice, good training, deep knowledge, most innovative approaches","TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great Place to work","PNB Bank is a great place to work, employee appreciation, healthy environment, promotion opportunities. They strive to educate and advance the success of their employees, and are committed to the success of the company as a whole.","Underwriting Analyst","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 10, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and challenging work environment","My typical work day was ensuring that the paperwork I received each day was properly completed and submitted to operations to be setup form Small Business Products that best fit our customers needs such as Pinacle Web, ACH, Wire Transfer, Lockbox, Remote Capture and Cash Vault Carrier Services. The most rewarding part of my job was my Customers, Treasury Management Business Banking and Business Banking Offers were satisfied with a job well done.","Treasury Management Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 10, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun work day","Duties included: customer service representative, negotiate with client to set up payment arrangement on a past due bill, receive collection payment via telephone, data entry, answering a multi-line phone, verify demographic information for billing and payment arrangement and remaining calm while on the phone with a upset client about their bill","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","May 10, 2016","5.0"
"Average place to work"," this bank Equipment Finance offers limited room for advancement. The training is very minimal and you have to be able to learn on your own. No set guidelines or procedures you just have to figure it out as you go along. Some area's of the business such as Documentation are always under staffed and over worked. This area is very high stress with no relief in sight. They have silo mentality between business units. It is very rare that knowledge is shared between business units. Thinking outside of the box is some what discouraged. It depends on your personality whether or not you would like this bankEF as a place to work. If you like to just come in and do your task and go home then you will love it, but it your a self motivated, problem solver this is not somewhere you will be happy.","Bank Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 9, 2016","3.0"
"Overall working experience"," this bank benefits are excellent and the staff really care about individuals. I have been a long time employee and love working at this bank.","Sales & Service Coordinator - Wealth Management","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 9, 2016","5.0"
"Big company. Can advance if desire, but nothing special"," this bank is a good company. On par with many other companies in terms of compensation, benefits, etc. They are loyal to their employees which is a good thing. Favoritism can play a role in promotion and management, but if you stick with it you can advance fairly easily (if you work hard and are competent). Technology is so-so and they like to think they are on the front of trends, but really seem to be in the middle of the pack.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 7, 2016","4.0"
"why i had to leave","i started out truly enjoying the job, then all the ladies that i worked with at that branch quit, so the entire load was shifted to me, i was a part time 28 hour a week teller and they were working me 40-45 hours every week and i was doing everything behind the teller line with very little assist from any team mates. i asked them to transfer me to a branch that only needed a 28 hour a week part time teller but because it is against this bank procedure and policy. after 3 months of no letup. i quit.","Teller","Former Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","May 6, 2016","1.0"
"Progressive, positive environment to work.","Life / work balance is a concern for the company and they work with their employees to achieve their needs. Room for advancement within departments as well as different departments / lines of business.","Supply Chain Operation - Lead Sourcing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","May 6, 2016","4.0"
"structured, professional, growth"," this bank was very key in my leadership development. I was given many great opportunities for growth. They were great in leading the way in communicating the direction & atmosphere they desired for the branches.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA","May 6, 2016","5.0"
"Great positive productive team and management; family oriented","As a Business Underwriter I completed an analysis based on certain criteria in order to renew every business line for an additional 12 months. The most difficult part of the job was the challenging work flow and production goals. It was a joy to work at this bank as the entire business lending center projected a positive and productive attitude! It simply was the this bank culture and I was very happy to be a member of it!","Underwriter I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 5, 2016","5.0"
"Great","It was a great experience. I learned a lot about the banking industry. They helped me out tremendously. It is truly a great company","CSR Teller","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 5, 2016","5.0"
"Financial Services Opportunity","Over the period of close to two years, this bank have given me the opportunity of learning many things related to the financial services such as: how to handle clients and how to address their individual financial needs. My Management team has been very supportive and always willing to spend time with me reviewing the various operational and clients profile metrics.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Deerfield Beach, FL","May 4, 2016","4.0"
"Review of this bank"," this bank is a great company to work for and has lots of room for advancement. Days are always different but always busy. You deal with different types of people every day. I have learned a ton about finances and things I will need for my future in life.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Carbondale, PA","May 4, 2016","5.0"
"New Experience","Working for this company has been a total pleasure. I work with a great group of people, I have the opportunity to meet and build great relationships with my clients.","Financial Sales","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 4, 2016","4.0"
"Great culture and wonderful employees","I loved everything about the job. The customer interaction is great and the employees are the best. Training was fun and I learned a lot about the way banks work.","Customer Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 4, 2016","5.0"
"Decline","Daily goal setting, customer service, meeting with business clients review accounts, go over best option, setting investment appointments, cold calling, manage team.","Assistant Branch Manager of Cluster Branches","Former Employee","Howell, MI","May 3, 2016","2.0"
"Teller","Cash Transactions. Setting up accounts and business'. Making referrals. Cash management skills and face to face customer interactions.","Handling Cash","Former Employee","Sterling, VA","May 3, 2016","3.0"
"walking on egg shells","not enough staffing and too much micromanagement. Cannot effectively do a job and complete all daily assigned tasks and sell products (which is not disclosed at time of hire) as well","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Erie, PA","May 2, 2016","2.0"
"Pretty good place to work","You are able to advance or train for other positions. Most of my 13 years there, I enjoyed working for this bank, got along with everyone, and performed my job well. The last few years, however, was a different story. Due to extremely difficult guidelines set by people that never performed the actual job position, most employees had great difficulty meeting performance standards, and were penalized including going without normal annual raises. I moved to another state but still hear about that department; they still have an ongoing problem with high turnover - and I surely know why.","Sr Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 1, 2016","4.0"
"Excellent Place to Work","Supportive Management. Excellent Hours. Lucrative Bonus Structure. this bank is an excellent place for promoiton opportunity","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 1, 2016","5.0"
"not the best","Branch operating on a skeleton crew. Expected to do other duties not listed on your job title. Constant changes in management The hardest part is the language barrier between coworkers and clients who only spoke Polish. Anyone one who does not speak Polish should not apply.","teller","Former Employee","Tinley Park, IL","April 29, 2016","3.0"
"Avoid if at all possible"," this bank does not compensate employees well and is also stuck in an old culture style of managing. Senior Management does not like to listen to its more youthful minds who bring good ideas to improve the business.","Supplier Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 29, 2016","1.0"
"n/a"," this bank is a great place to work with great benefits for their employees. As with any job, the most enjoyable part is the people I've worked with.","Senior Incentive Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 28, 2016","4.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for.","I learned so much financial information that will help me in my future. I enjoyed doing volunteer work for this bank. I got the training I need to do the job I was asked to do. I tell all my friends and family if they need a job, to apply with this bank. My co-workers were helpful and nice. I am still really good friends with a few of them. The hardest part of the job for me is I would worry if I hit my personal goal every month. Management was great about the time I need off for my medical needs. They were very understanding.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2016","4.0"
"ok place to work","good work environment, love my coworkers. however no good advancement opportunities and poor pay. depending on location, you may not have anything to do all day which can be very boring. goals are ok to meet but not the greatest.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Muskegon, MI","April 27, 2016","3.0"
" this bank Review","Working at this bank provides a lot of room for growth. My co-workers were always very upbeat. The management was very understanding of work-life balance. The hardest part of my job was when we would have technical difficulties, but the most enjoyable aspect was when I provided my customer with a great experience and when I was able to lead the call based on their financial well-being.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 26, 2016","5.0"
"Mlo","Typical banking environment. Everyone is friendly and helpful. Getting enough time and high quality lending opportunities are becoming harder and harder.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL 33483","April 25, 2016","4.0"
"great workplace","great company. goal oriented. always concerned about your personal views. management is always grea decent benefit takes your concerns and views into consideration.","BSSR","Former Employee","Vero Beach, FL","April 25, 2016","4.0"
"Know the managers well","Each branch manager can run there branch as they desire. I had a wonderful one and applied for a promotion with another branch and by trying to earn more...I was made a scapegoat. Its unfair and unethical.","Teller","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA, Harmar PA","April 25, 2016","5.0"
"Good place to advance","Not much in terms of pay though which can be a struggle especially with the amount of work you do and money you bring in. Very easy to advance up the ladder if you show the commitment and work ethic typically only hires from within which is nice to see.","Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 25, 2016","4.0"
"very productive","all the tools needed to succeed were available. employee success was management main goal. it is very difficult to come up with something negative about time I spent working for this company.","Database Administrator","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","April 24, 2016","5.0"
"Good","The company is nice to work for. Many guidelines provide a steep learning curve to new employees but the overall company culture accomodates for that. Lots of training and responsible trainers. I cannot say enough good about this company !","FSC","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 23, 2016","4.0"
"Structured work environment with potential for advancement","My co-workers have been some of the best groups of people I have every worked with. I typical day at this bank usually consists of taking in customer deposits, counting cash, exploring opportunities to benefit customer's financial lives. The hardest part of the job is being able to please every customer. The most enjoyable part about the job is leaving at the end of the day knowing that I made a difference in a customer's life financially.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Salisbury, MD","April 21, 2016","4.0"
"Great work environment","Management and peers at this bank are great.. this bank has selected some awesome people to work here. But on the downside the pay structure could be much better. I have compared my current role's salary to that of another company's HR Specialist role and at midpoint, I am almost $20,000.00 below that mark. Also this bank could be more involved in the fitness of it's employees.","HR Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 20, 2016","3.0"
"Not a place to stay if you're looking for a CAREER","I would never recommend that someone work here for a long term job. Low pay. Horrible management. Its a stressful job an you don't get paid well enough to do everything you need to do.","Key holder","Current Employee","Ashland, KY","April 20, 2016","3.0"
"Fsc","Attend to customer transactions (deposits, withdrawals, and concerns. Assist with financial need of customer. Auto loans, personal , mortgages, credit cards.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bayonne, NJ","April 18, 2016","4.0"
"Good Workplace","I enjoyed working for the company and my co-workers were wonderful people.The benefits are adequate and the responsibilities were reasonable.","Teller","Former Employee","Okeechobee, FL","April 18, 2016","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a very good place to work. One of the best companies to work for, They have many opportunities for there employees.","Overdraft Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 17, 2016","3.0"
"Best position I've ever had.","Excellent company to work for. Wonderful team environment and understanding managers. Flexible schedule. Collaboration was easy to foster and employees were easy to work with.","Technical Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 17, 2016","5.0"
"A pleasant company to work for","No complaints. It is a pleasant company, and I felt they took care of me with a fair incentive program and reasonable goals. Promotions internally are achievable and the benefits program is good.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 16, 2016","5.0"
"An organization that had a large responsibility for the bank."," this bank was a top notch employer. Keeping the financials in the black and fulfilling needs as possible. this bank did go out of their way to keep employees happy. Management was always looking into getting new functions to keep staff happy. The hardest part of the job was to be happy and give it all to keep your responsibilities current. I learned from working together the co-workers were happy.","Senior Accountant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 15, 2016","3.0"
"management","The company is ran horrible. I've been a dedicated employer for almost 2 years and I use to be proud of this company now I cant wait to find another job. Management don't care if you develop or not the training sucks, they don't pay enough but wants you to go above and beyond. They make it hard to earn your bonuses","Universal Banker Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","April 13, 2016","1.0"
"Good Place To Work","Working at this bank has allowed me to learn many things and further enhance my multi-tasking skills. Management is understanding of family time and supports their employees in any way possible so that they better themselves.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 13, 2016","4.0"
"Solid company to build a career"," this bank afforded me many opportunities to learn and grow both personally and professionally. The people are the soul of the company and it shows in the commitment to the clients, communities and shareholders.","Corporate and Institutional Banking Marketing Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 12, 2016","5.0"
"High call volume area as well as high production able to make quick sound decisions daily","Approving and declining credit application trying my best to make the deal if possible. Required ability to make good sound decision to prevent loss to the bank. Able to make the decision quickly on credit line increase request as the customer held for the decision that was sometimes the hardest part of the job. Most enjoyable was catching fraud and preventing identity theft as well being able to help the customer with their needs. I learned all aspects of fraud prevention on both existing accounts and on possibly new accounts. Underwriting credit card applications for consumer, small business and wealth management with authority to approve up to $50,000.00.","CONSUMER CARD UNDERWRITER","Former Employee","whitehall oh","April 12, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","fast and busy bank. They focused on Sales. Good place to bank would recommend this bank to people to work and to also bank it is easy to move up the coporate ladder in this bank and they are very family orienataed","Account Manager","Former Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","April 12, 2016","4.0"
"Execution through dedication","Most days are longer than the 'traditional' 7.5-8 hours. The organization has been in a perpetual state of change for the entire time I've worked there. However, the changes are paying off and the company is modernizing and seeing dividends from the work.","Project Manager III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2016","4.0"
"Awesome workplace","The atmosphere is conducive with the work load! I have learned a lot about patience and about the importance of communication. My team is just that a TEAM.","Client Relationship Analyst","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 11, 2016","4.0"
"Sales driven workplace with goals","I am responsible for meeting sales goals on a daily, monthly and quarterly basis. Also keeping customer satisfaction in tact. I work with many other people as one team to reach one goal. Through my time management and sales skills, I am often able to get the job done.","Branch Sales and Service Representative II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 11, 2016","3.0"
"laid back at times","laid back when is fully staffed. very high turn over rate making it difficult to meet sales goals due to short staff. training is good, i would recomment this bank for a good start to the banking world","Service Representative","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 11, 2016","4.0"
"Great Training Company","Great place to get your foot in the door somewhere and gain professional experience in the business banking world. I learned some great tips in sales as well.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dixie Highway, Louisville Ky","April 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great working environment","I found this bank, a very professional and well managed place to work. customer service is 5 star and I increased my skills in it while working at this bank.","Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","April 10, 2016","5.0"
"Produtive and exciting place to work.","At this bank I am required to use my multi-tasking skills to assist customer with teller transactions or their financial well being in he form of checking accounts, loans, mortgages and credit cards. Supported by a great management team, the opportunity to learn happens daily. With each customers comes a different financial solution. The hardest part of the job is working every weekend, but the plus is meeting new people, working as a team to meet sales goals and truly helping people obtain their personal financial goals.","Service Associate","Current Employee","District Heights, MD","April 9, 2016","5.0"
"The Best work place.","I loved working for this bank it was by far the best company I have ever worked for. The only downside of it was that I couldn't be full time and I was only making 9.85 an hour.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indian Head, MD","April 9, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company to Work For","Great culture and organizational values, training, there are a lot of room for growth, work/home balance and amazing benefits ( health care, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts).","Senior Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 9, 2016","5.0"
"Great Company","This is a Great Work Atmosphere!! The compensation uh, so-so... Wonderful people! The advancement internally,is not the best,and needs a massive improvement.","Document Administrator","Current Employee","Florida","April 9, 2016","4.0"
"Do Not work for this company if you are a Mother to Be or a Current Mother","I was terminated the same day I let my manager know I was pregnant. Not only that but the manager treats everyone disrespectfully, and does not follow the policies and procedures you will learn in training. This company is awful","Teller","Former Employee","Quarryville, PA","April 8, 2016","1.0"
" this bank gave me the opportunity to grow as an employee.","I begin each day by greeting my manager and co-workers. We are a close knit, diverse team of talented individuals. I strongly believe in starting the day on a positive note. I arrive early in order to make sure that I'm logged on and ready to start on time. I listen to my voicemail messages and then respond to any emails that were sent to me after business hours. My job title can be listed as Business Banking Collector, Default Specialist, Business Banking Customer Service Rep, or Special Assets Coordinator. All of these titles are equally correct. My job is much more than just calling people who haven't paid their bills on time. I work with small business owners on a daily basis. These people care deeply about their banking relationships. They must be treated with the utmost respect, in order to ensure a healthy and mutually beneficial business relationship. I always give my clients the benefit of the doubt. I investigate the cause of delinquency before contacting anyone. I check loan agreements, branch notes, customer service notes and all recent payment transactions. A big part of my job is to fix bank errors before they become customer irritations. There are many variables at play when investigating delinquency. Adjustments are a positive alternative to collection calls. As a courtesy, I always contact the client's Relationship Manager in order to make them aware of the necessary adjustments. However, there are times when the client is simply not able to make a payment. People react to the stress differently. Some clients lash out at the bank, but others simply ask for help. - more...","Special Asset Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I learned to sell and talk with customer to see hat their personal need was as far as banking. it more to bank teller then just cashing and depositing check. you have a change to move up in the company by knowing the company","bank teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 8, 2016","4.0"
"Higher management don't care","Terrible place to work. It is not about what you know its about who you know. You can be the best candidate for a job but if the upper management just like somebody more then you. to bad so sad.","Teller Supervisor I","Former Employee","Berkley","April 7, 2016","3.0"
"Horrible","Horrible place of business . They give you hours over the phone once u get hired on they hours change they stick with an all day shift with no support.","Credit Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 6, 2016","1.0"
"productive and always a positive attitude","I learned there are so many different personalities and different cultures in a work environment that not just work is the learning experience. You learn how to work with other personalities some that don't want to work and how to make it enjoyable to help them enjoy work too. Make every day a positive day to give someone else a brighter and more enjoyable day.","bank teller","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","April 6, 2016","5.0"
"great place","great place to work and the people at the job are all great people and managers. Best part about the job is helping customers and there financial needs.","Multi-Channel","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 5, 2016","5.0"
"Good work Place","It was a good place to work. it was just to slow. because so many competing banks was so close near by. good co-workers, good manager, good overall company.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","April 5, 2016","3.0"
"Prcessing Customers Request","> Process Bank Transaction > Answering Phones calls > Open and closing account > updating > Also assisting with promotion of new business","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 4, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","Multitasking on a day to day basis. Work at a fast pace but with zero errors. Learned how to manage files and records, work with numerous computer screens at once. View a customer financial needs in a way that we can benefit them. The hardest part of the job is making sure the customers are satisfied with wait time considering the bank the short staffed. The most enjoyable part is connecting with the customers on a personal basis.","Teller II","Current Employee","Lumberton, NC","April 4, 2016","3.0"
"Opportunity to make a lot of money","I don't have anything bad to say about any company, However, I also have nothing good to say about this one. The management seems to be very negative. Instead of telling us 'you should know this' the managers should have pointed us all in the right direction, hence the reason there is only 2 out of the 10 people left from training. Training platform was very poorly setup. Without support from our managers it was hard to succeed. a lot of us did not wait around for that to happen. Great location but a bad group of mentally unstable people who just do happened to become managers.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 4, 2016","2.0"
"location was simply not ideal","i believe i would have had a different experience working for the company if i had been under better, more helpful management.","branch teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 4, 2016","2.0"
"productive, ambitious and willing to learn new things.. I love to work with people..","My day to day life is very exciting... I learn new things everyday and am willing to learn more... I feel that the biggest investment that a person is going to make is purchasing a home... I give my all and am hands on with my clients... I take my job to heart and am there for them at all times even if it's after hours or on the weekend...","Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Mount Prospect, IL","April 4, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","Answering calls daily. Everyone you work with is very easy going. Very flexible and the company truly understands the meaning of family/work balance.","CUSTOMER CARE CENTER","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 3, 2016","5.0"
"Very supportive, collaborative, empowering place to work","Very flexible work environment with opportunity to work remotely. Work life balance and health improvement are very important. Our team was fairly independent and a very friendly collegial group. People company wide care about each other a lot. We had regular celebrations of birthdays, work anniversaries, holidays, no-need-for-an-excuse soup days, pi(e) days, international food days. I had the opportunity to learn new skills in high end IBM storage virtualization, and to see the affects of storage tuning on the application environment. The company is striving to stay at the cutting edge of technology to maintain very high levels of system availability, customer satisfaction, internal user support, and to reduce costs.","SAN Administrator","Current Employee","Riverdale, MD","April 3, 2016","5.0"
"Great place","Great place to work. They care about their employees. Keep employees informed of business progress. Their room for advancement.","Enterprise Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Oak Brook, IL","April 2, 2016","5.0"
".","Great place to work, really enjoyed working for this company. Everyone is very friendly and you are always learning and moving up.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","April 2, 2016","5.0"
"Good company with multiple advancement opportunities","I do enjoy my job, however, I feel that I am not compensated fairly nor given proper merit increases on an annual basis. I have been a loyal employee with this company for fifteen years. I have assisted both employees and customers through multiple changes such as the introduction of online banking, a major company acquisition, migrating transactions to innovative methods of banking tools, as well as many other corporate changes affecting branch banking. I love the fast paced environment that is different everyday. I have helped to develop an amazing team that makes work an enjoyable place to be. I absolutely hate to leave but wish to be compensated for what I feel is my fair value as a marketable employee.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Avon, IN","April 1, 2016","4.0"
"I've worked for this bank for 25 years and enjoy working with my co-workers & feel that I have a fair boss,","Considering the above, recent corporate structure changes have made me seriously consider leaving this bank. While at this bank, I have gained a lot of knowledge and experience.","Investment Officer","Current Employee","Erie, PA","March 31, 2016","3.0"
" this bank","My position is quite laid back and intense. However, there is no room for development and lack of management. I learned that in order to move ahead I need to leave.","Consumer Support Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2016","4.0"
"Love their customers, but don't value their employees","They love their customers but they do not value their employees at all there is 0 room for growth and development with his company they prefer to hire outside the company for open positions instead of promoting from within. They take advantage of their employees and management treated like a number","CSA","Current Employee","Archdale, NC","March 30, 2016","3.0"
"You are just a number and management does not care about you","I worked 7 years for this bank and they do not care about the work life balance of their employees nor do they care about their employees.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Ohio","March 30, 2016","2.0"
"Great place to work for","Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence. Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","March 29, 2016","5.0"
"Fun compnay"," this bank is a fun company to work for. They definitely offer room to advance, but they pay very little and their benefits are not great. Vacation time could use a boost and so could medical. Other than that, great place to work!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","March 28, 2016","5.0"
"Great work Environment"," this bank is a great work place. Management was great. Hours were flexible with my schooling. Co-workers were great. Hardest part was juggling between school and work.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 28, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company to Work For Pro Work Life Balance"," this bank is a great company to work for, they provide ongoing training to ensure their employees are up to date on the latest company's policies and procedures as well as management provide constant feedback and coaching for continued success in their employees job development and advancement.","SPOC III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced, safe and enjoyable workplace","I come in get my supplies and start working. I learn something new everyday it seems. My co-workers are great with only one exception but that is normal in the work place. There is nothing hard about my job. I love working there but they are down sizing.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 28, 2016","2.0"
"The bank teller is an okay job to have","The job in itself is really not bad . If you have a full staff of people and everybody does there part . this bank just need to take a good look at there management staff and see why people really do not stay long . Overall the company is a nice company .","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Akron, OH","March 28, 2016","3.0"
"Company satisfied with complacency, which permeates culture"," this bank offers a strong sense of work-life balance and accomodating work environment -- at the expense of compensation and benefits. An issues that is well known by those in power, but a taboo topic to discuss. Middle management and upwards usually taken care of well with most of the lower ranks compensated below market rates -- citing 'cost of living' as primary justification. Top talent rarely attracted to the organization, and those that are, take positions primarily for non-work related personal benefits etc.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2016","2.0"
"This was a good place to work.","I enjoyed see the daily customers & it was a great way to meet new people. My co-workers are great people to know. I enjoyed working with them, it was like family.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2016","4.0"
"Treats Employees like numbers"," this bank does not care about their employees. It is a toxic work environment where managers only care about their own numbers and will fire any one that does not help them advance their career.","Regional Senior Recruiter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 25, 2016","2.0"
"Lack of support","My experience with this bank was as a Summer Intern. I started bright-eyed and bushy tailed like the rest of my peers, constantly asking for feedback and doing the best that I could even though my manager I'd been assigned had passed me off to someone else before my first day even arrived. The hardest part of the job was trying to get my questions answered when there was no one available to answer them, and then being told my work wasn't up to their standards after having a lack of support and feedback like I asked from the beginning. The company culture described to me was friendly and inviting and open to questions, however what I experienced was cut-throat, behind your back, every man for himself attitude. Watching Game of Thrones is one thing, playing it is another.","Transformation Management Office","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 25, 2016","2.0"
"Productive and co-operative environment to work with","As a QA career i was involved in portal testing as well as database testing.As a QA Analyst i attended walk through meetings with BA,Project Managers and QA Leads.I have attended Requirement review meetings and provided feedback to the BA. I checked for correctness,completeness and consistency and testability of the Requirement. Based on the requirements i wrote test cases and executed them. I have logged and managed the defects as they were found using the defect module of HP QC. Once the defect was fixed,retested them and if passed,closed them.If the defect was not fixed then re-opened them. I attended defect assesment meetings. As far as testing is concerned i have performed Intergration testing,Adhoc testing.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 24, 2016","5.0"
"Very Production Driven Environment","I Enjoy working with the people that I work with they make the job that has to be done every day a lot easier to do. I also have managers that are willing to fight on our behalf for the thing that we feel would make our industry better.","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 24, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work very flexible"," this bank made your work environment very comfortable and enjoyable. You get plenty of space for yourself and others to come and listen to your phone calls as well.","Multi Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 24, 2016","3.0"
"A great company to work for who is focused on their employee's success to ensure business goals are met."," this bank Mortgage is a great company to work for; they values their employees, customers and community relationships, this bank is an organization that offers on-going training and professional growth; a company where you will be part of a strong team and have an impact in the company's overall success.","SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 23, 2016","4.0"
"It is not what it used to be.","It started out great. But after a month the interoffice politics and the adversarial atmosphere they created between the platform and the tellers was ridiculous. Some managers were not professional while the Branch manager was great for the most part. The pay did not make the situation any better for the amount of work they wanted done. Poor planning for new system roll outs and no training on how to handle the back lash. It was a mess. I was even faulted for working 40 hours as a part time employee even though the manager was responsible for scheduling and had asked me repeatedly to stay.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 22, 2016","1.0"
"A Typical day at this bank on my position as Relationship Manager was one hectic day every day because my area dealt with loans that were in default","A Typical day at this bank on my position as Relationship Manager was one hectic day every day because my area dealt with loans that were in default.","Underwriter","Former Employee","1600 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103","March 22, 2016","5.0"
"Productive place to work","I learn everything about all the procedures you need to follow to work in a bank and run transactions. The best ways to ensure your safety and the safety of the clients as well. I also learned how to manage situations where you have a lot of customers to take care of in a short period of time and be attentive with each one. I think that work for a bank is one of the best ways to learn and improve your customer service.","Teller","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","March 21, 2016","4.0"
"horrible company to work for","Do not waste your time or efforts with this company. They could care less about you as an employee and expect you to sell sell sell!!! Its very hard to sell for a company that you feel so horribly about! The management is very poor and I really don't understand how they ever got their positions","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Calcutta, OH","March 21, 2016","1.0"
"It was a great job.","Enjoyed working there. Division was sold to BNY Mellon. The pay and benefits were decent. My co-workers were great. Management cared about there employees.","Tax Analyst Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 21, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","Great business and I've grown a lot within the organization. They do needs better security and wish they can attend the needs to help all the branches in all the regions.","Customer Serivce Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 21, 2016","3.0"
"Could be better","The big company that treats you like a number not a person. Good Place to get experience, but not a place to stay. They provide the tools you need to advance with in the company but that's it.","Service desk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2016","3.0"
"Bank with great techology","Great bank to work for and only getting better. Management doesn't really care about how you make your goals as long as it gets done at the end of the day.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","March 20, 2016","4.0"
"financial sales","great company great people. Hours are in the middle of the day, scheduled 5 days a week open to close. work almost every weekend","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hackensack, NJ","March 20, 2016","5.0"
"Not as nice as before"," this bank used to be a wonderful place to work. The people were great to work with and the atmosphere was pleasant. That is no longer the case. My last manager was a good person but the culture of this bank was cold and unpleasant.","Financial Offier - Project Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2016","3.0"
"Good work environment"," this bank is a good work environment. An average day consist of calling on realtors and my bank branch partners and meeting with customers who want to get approved to buy a home.","Home Mortgage Consultant","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","March 20, 2016","3.0"
"Productive, lots and lots to learn, fun working place with team","I work with the File processing in ACH department. As I work with the ACH its lot of knowledge to get, its lot of researching, which I like more. We work as a team. I use excel, powerpoint, Microsoft office a lot.","FUNDS TRANSFER ANALYST REPRESENTATIVE III","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 18, 2016","5.0"
"If you are not in upper management they treat like so poorly!!","If you are not in upper management they treat like so poorly!! On a monthly basis it changes from getting a good CIQ to clicking insight to multi channel calls. No one is ever satisfied with anything. Ive been here several years and ive gotten one pay raise which was nothing to get excited about.","Sales and service associate","Current Employee","PA","March 18, 2016","3.0"
"ios development is easily handeled","its a good company to use our skills and work development.all collegues are good to be a team player .management is cooperative with all team leads and members.","IOS Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 18, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company","Great environment and company has a focus on the customer.. great for starting out but advancement is not always coached to","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","March 18, 2016","5.0"
"fun workplace","As far as my department it was like the blind leading the blind, busy all the time and under staffed.I learned a lot working there. Management didn't like you asking questions. My co-workers they were fun to work with. The most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with fellow co-workers and different clients.","Mail clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 17, 2016","3.0"
"Good people and tons of overtime","A typical day at my job consists of getting to my computer and clocking in also bringing up all the systems we use to locate people in our date base. Once thats done we log into the phone and start taking calls to help people with either fraud or disputes on their credit cards. I learned a lot about credit cards and also a lot about different disputes and their reasons. My coworkers were amazing and great people to be around.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","March 16, 2016","3.0"
"Productive, interesting work place,","Busy high call volume call center taking calls all day. I learned how to work with several programs. Co-workers were great! The hardest part of the job was explaining Escrow Most enjoyable part of the job was the people","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","March 15, 2016","5.0"
"Great learning environment","Tons of experience in a short time, but you are not compensated well High turn over, currently at 80%. In most branches you will have to work until 12:15 on Saturdays. The co- workers are great, I made life friends here Most managers are insightful and understanding. Good benefits, flexible vacation, 401 K. The hardest part of the job is keeping up with everything you have to do and dealing with changes constantly. There are so many ways to mess up and people are let go a lot for mistakes.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Lexington, KY 40507","March 15, 2016","3.0"
"productive workplace","Setting appointments for customers to conduct a review at their local branch. Also this job provides the opportunity to work with great people and make great friends with co-workers.","Multi-Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 15, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Big bank with a small bank feel. Easy to move up in the company and everyone is extremely helpful in helping you to do so. The girls I worked with are hardworking and great coworkers. Management can use some tweeking but you have to make the most of your situation.","Occasional lead","Current Employee","Indiana, PA","March 14, 2016","5.0"
"Behind the times","The company doesn't focus on the things that are important and treats there employees like children who need threatened with punishment to perform. The needs of clients have changed and this company does not keep up with the way people choose to do business and the employees are left making up the difference.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Chardon, OH","March 14, 2016","3.0"
"good work place with good management and coworkers","A typical work day involves making and receiving phone call to and from customers who have gotten behind on their payments and need assistance. I review their information for accuracy, update any that might require it. Answer any questions pertaining to the situation, do any research that might be needed and follow up with the customer as well as find a mutual resolution for the customer and the bank. I have obtained better leadership skills,have learned to offer better customer service,to be more engaging, and to have superb attention to detail. We follow a lot of federal and industry guidelines and regulations so attention to detail and confidentiality becomes second nature. Hardest part of the job is dealing with the constant changes on rules/regulations from management that sometimes contradicts its self. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers, supervisors and the satisfaction that you get from knowing that you have helped someone in some aspect and that you have hopefully educated them to some degree.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 13, 2016","4.0"
"High turnover at branch level. Poor training, misleading salary and incentive information.","Careful with accepting offers here. Ask for past history of incentives at branch you will be working at. Very misleading.","Financial Specialist II","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","March 13, 2016","2.0"
"Consuming and ever-changing demands.","For my home life, the 1030am-730pm schedule, 7 days a week is just not practical. The days off change every week, as do the job duties and requirements. I have always been very adaptive to any occupation in my life, however the lack of consistency, and lack of apparent advancement opportunities have me feeling less than motivated to pursue further positions within the company. In addition to these cons, I felt somewhat misled about the job description during the interview process. I made significant sacrifices to accept the position and My direct management, and team members however, are the reason I have stayed on-board and continued to persevere. There are certainly some incredible people that do great work here, however, the business model, and overall job do not bring out the best in me, nor challenge my abilities.","Finance Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","March 11, 2016","3.0"
"Great Work Life Balance","Many opportunities to grow within the bank, while working with experienced and quality people who do not foster a cut-throat environment in the slightest.","Asset Management Group","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 10, 2016","5.0"
"Workplace was in a positive environment, there was activities for employees when they got a little stressed out","A typical work day was going into work at 9:00 am, going into my workspace, logging into my computer, checking my email, also to see if I had to finish any work that was left undone from the previous day. We would attend the daily stand-up meeting, where we would discuss about the work we did yesterday, what we doing today, and is there anything that is preventing us to do our work further. I had a great team to work with, we communicated very well and got along. I enjoyed being a tester, and tested the application till I broke it, I have the tester to break attitude where I would find a bug in the application before the functionality was pushed into the next environment","Mobile Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 10, 2016","4.0"
"Team of Analysts","Structured Team Environment i.e. BA, Developer, Architect, QA Manager and QA Analysts Worked in Agile environment by using 2 week sprints in SIT, UAT with a 3 week sprint with Prod Fix 1 week and Production.","Senior","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 10, 2016","4.0"
"Great company overall","Great company as far as structure goes and making you feel like they care about you individually. The catch though is if you make one small mistake they will not hesitate you let you go.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","March 9, 2016","4.0"
"Productive place to work","Great staff, learned a lot regarding Fair Debt Collections Practices Act (FDPCA). And other Federal programs (ie. HARP), designed to assist homeowners.","Collections Supervisor II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 9, 2016","5.0"
"what I have learnd","I learned the ins and out of refreshing and imagining , reimagining , software deployment and banking system setup for tellers/management.","PC Technician","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","March 9, 2016","5.0"
"nice management, need better pay"," this bank like any other bank provides no work/life balance. Very inflexable. Though it is a large company, there is very little room to move upward in the company. Management positions are held for a very long time, so it only leaves lateral moves with a very small raise if any. Commission for sales could be better to supplement the low pay grades.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Akron, OH","March 7, 2016","2.0"
"Internal channel management in a fast paced, results driven organization","A typical day for me was driving 90% of the time, visiting a select group of retail bank branches to educate branch employees on the features and benefits of this bank Wealth Management. During these conversations, I helped to identify the right customers who could benefit, and provided conversational techniques that could be used to refer branch customers to Wealth Management. Often I made outbound calls directly and met with customers. Throughout my career I created sales training materials that were effective in these activities. In addition, I created reports to measure progress toward sales goals, and analyze bottlenecks in the sales process. These reports tracked the value of the pipeline, number of referrals, and tracked closed sales. My role was to act as a liaison between Wealth Management and the Retail Bank, to resolve issues regarding awarded incentives for closed sales, recognize successes and support the Wealth Management sales team. As the most tenured in my role, I was often called upon to create new processes and train other employees in my similar role. I helped to set sales goals each year. I partnered with Marketing to create and implement sales educational materials that were used companywide, and recommended sales processes and strategies to senior management. This is a fast-paced organization with very aggressive sales goals. High energy, flexible individuals would be the most suitable candidates for employees at this bank."," this bank Wealth Management","Former Employee","Bridgewater and Princeton, NJ","March 7, 2016","5.0"
"Managing"," this bank is a great place to work. I enjoy what the company does for the staff and I love working for the same company for the past 23 years but I am looking for a change to use my Human Resource Degree.","Department Supervisor","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 6, 2016","3.0"
"Work/life is promoted extremely well","The company supports and promotes work life program extremely well. I would recommend employment workiing working mom and single family households.","Sales Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2016","4.0"
"Good","Very professional environment, very competent colleagues, great customers. I learnt a lot about the challenges of working in a retail banking environment. the hardest part of the job is achieving your goals flawlessly. the most enjoyable part is the compensation and interaction with some colleagues.","Banking Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Hillsborough, CA","March 4, 2016","4.0"
"all aspects of the branch","Having good rapport with clients. Doing what is right by the client. Having conversations and knowing my client. Selling of banks products, and finding the client's needs","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","March 4, 2016","4.0"
"Meet the needs of customers.","Universal banker, multitasking between teller, customer service and platform desk on a daily basis. Learned how to cross sell bank products to customers, with the support of management on a daily basis. Co workers were stressed to meet their quarterly goals. Hardest part of job was not being able to move up from current position, after three years of employment.","Branch Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Newfoundland, PA","March 3, 2016","2.0"
"service","the management changed to frequently. and not supported at times, goals were to strong at times even when clientele was very slow.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","March 2, 2016","3.0"
"productivity, fun, friendly enviornment","a typical day at this bank can be very fun and busy as the public can be in and out of the branches. Customers are nice and friendly when coming into the branch to do regular banking transactions, however you can have a few hard customers to work with, The working environment in general is family oriented and enjoyable to be around with the staff, We all help each other out daily.","Teller","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","March 1, 2016","4.0"
"Changing Company","It has been sometime since I worked there so I don't have a lot to contribute. I do like their approach of only to people what they need.","A","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 1, 2016","4.0"
"great team player","helping peers understand day to day tasks. peer assisted coac works well with other team playe able to work in a fast past environment","Investment Servicing Senior","Current Employee","Westboro, MA","March 1, 2016","1.0"
"Not a career","It's an okay job... it's very mind numbing, and the pay isn't that great. You get federal holidays off and sundays which is nice.","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","February 29, 2016","2.0"
"Training was thorough and ongoing","Senior Management assigned new tasks and were very thorough about training. There were tasks that were time sensitive and it was sometimes challenging to work with that time frame","Word Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 29, 2016","5.0"
"its never enough for this bank","pay is bad, work is non stop. have to work 6days straight to get 36 hours. 3-4 hour shifts is a joke in my opinion. Managers are asking to always due more","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Thurmont, MD","February 28, 2016","1.0"
"Would've Rather Sold Myself on Street Corner","This was hands down the worst place I have ever worked at in my life. Employees were angry, unmotivated, complained constantly and were full of drama. The weasly manager was too busy with his thumbs up his rear to care. The work environment is full of hormonal women out to eat each other alive. No breaks were allowed, you had to always come in early and stay late, often were unable to leave for lunch, and deal with angry coworkers and customers. Severely under-staffed, underpaid branch. AVOID.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Bourbonnais, IL","February 25, 2016","1.0"
"Typical Banking Place"," this bank is a good place to break into the banking field. The culture is very conservative where many people hold personal agendas and are uncomfortable with any younger professionals. The work was monotonous. It was not encouraged to investigate new ways to complete items, nor was welcomed to ask 'why?' Management made decisions based on their personal opinion of a person rather than the quality of the work. Dealing with the culture was difficult but I made some of the closest friends I could imagine.","International Trade Service Analyst I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2016","3.0"
"Confused Workers","I was on contract for windows 7 upgrade. The manager in charge had no clue what was going on. He left a contract worker in charge. The main goal was to do minimum work to keep the contract going. I was never given my own credentials to log in to the bank machines. I had to log in with co workers credentials. It seemed like most of the team was faking to make it.","Windows 7 migration team","Former Employee","Cleveland ohio","February 25, 2016","1.0"
"Great job for customer service","If you have ever worked in customer service and sales, this is a great way to get into a M-F, 8-5 type of job. Tellers make a bonus based on referrals for other bank products. Also, for scores based on calls to customers to rate their experience. Nice hours, good pay, great benefits, are a plus!","Teller","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","February 24, 2016","4.0"
"Enjoy working for a corporate company; very fast pace and many changes.","I have been employed with this bank for the past 15 years and throughout my years I had multiple positions within this bank. I began my career with bank N Bank back in 2001 until the merger with this bank NA. I enjoy working at this bank however, I feel its time for a change.","Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 24, 2016","3.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank, is a great company to work for. It has one of the best stock prices for a financial sector for the five years. I have learned a lot about the banking industry while working for this bank for the last eight years. I have also, grown as a person while working there. I was just out of college, when I first started to work for this bank. I was not sure of what I wanted my career to be, but while thinking that I was being promoted almost every year with this bank. I have had a great career thus far, but I would also like to learn more about myself.","AVP","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","February 23, 2016","5.0"
"Customer care rep","I love my job. I connect with customer and coworkers.The most enjoying part about the job is the customer. I love helping them and hearing some of their stories.","Customer care rep","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","5.0"
"Flexible schedules and employee empowerment","All good employees can make a difference in the company. They will give you a lot of responsibility if you request it. Management does listen to how employees believe something can be done better.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","5.0"
"Ok","The company has its struggles in the mortgage department. I believe they can do a better job with associate work life balance.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Miramar, FL","February 23, 2016","3.0"
"bank customer service rep./teller","basic teller duties: wait on customers, process their deposits, withdrawls, selling cashiers checks money orders, travelers checks, gift cards, redeem bonds, and sell bonds. As well as process, balance and fill ATMs, night drop contents, letting customers in safe deposit boxes, answer phones and selling credit cards, loans and deposit accounts. ordering money, receiving shipment of currency and coin. sole control of branch cash including coin and sole control of ATM, night drop, main vault keys and combinations. I wasn't always head and senior teller. it was during my 21 years there at bank N Bank/ this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 23, 2016","4.0"
"Poor direct management","I had to help others on my team with less experience due to our direct managers lack of leadership. I was constantly answering questions of my co-workers which took time away from my responsibilities.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","3.0"
"Productive work environment","From the start of the business day to the close of business there is a constant flow of work production. The ability to multi task is essential. Policy and procedures are updated on a regular basis and one must be able to comprehend and adapt the new policy and procedures into the daily flow of work. The management staff has a open door policy and make it possible for all employees to bring ideas and concerns to the table. Our co workers are not just team members, we are more like family. The hardest part of the day is the day immediate changes must implemented and uncertainty arises but we do have a excellent supporting staff to assists. Team huddles are a enjoyable part of the day. This is when the teams come together and review previous day work numbers and give shout outs and offer encouragement for the day.","Senior Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 22, 2016","4.0"
"its a job","I call attorneys. I train new people. postpone sales. my co workers are great. its hard to move up and make more money. ive learned a lot about mortgages. the dos and don'ts when you are ready for mortgage. ive met great people","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 22, 2016","3.0"
"Overall Good place to work","There was opportunity to grow especially if you are willing to relocate. They have several different locations you can work at in Ohio.","Management Accounting Cost Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 21, 2016","4.0"
"An ok place if you are into sales and a lot of work","Decent place to work, although they are very big on sales and can throw a lot of work and responsibilities at you it's ok. Banking everywhere has changed they expect every customer that walks in to open several bank accounts and at times it can be overwhelming and not realistic. And tend to put a lot of pressure on the employees.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 19, 2016","3.0"
"Great entry level customer service call center position","A typical work day consist of taking anywhere between 60-110 calls per day regarding account products and services. It can be a very stressful environment to work in if you are not use to a high call volume call center. Ive learned there is so much more to banks than checking and savings accounts. Learning how a bank account, loan, mortgage and credit cards actually work is knowledge that you can take with you for the rest of your life.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2016","3.0"
"doesn't pay enough"," this bank overworks and underpays you. Not much room for you to move up and when you do, they try not to increase your salary. The management is also poor.","Funding Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 18, 2016","3.0"
"Small bank branch","Small bank branch and no room for advancement. Co-workers were helpful. Good place as a first job. Was fun working with customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, NJ","February 17, 2016","3.0"
"Good place to work but no tamazing","Good place to work at but not amazing,,,benefits and compensation are pretty much standard ..with the industry not super competitive...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 16, 2016","3.0"
"fun working here","Interesting people to work with.Too much of Hispanic orientation in my branch. this bank need to expand its customer base. Learn t a lot about financing.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","February 16, 2016","4.0"
"Great People","Great Co -Workers, Fast paced working environment. Customer's ar are coming in and would like to be taken care of as quickly as possible with accuracy.","Teller","Current Employee","Dallas, PA","February 15, 2016","4.0"
"Pushes sales over anything else","They claim to be a good company but they push sales so much that all the managers are stressed and upper management is micro managing the banks. I was let go after having no write ups and being with the company for a year and a half. Over a small complaint. They shut down branches left and right and change a branch into 'universal' then let you go if you don't want to work at that branch.","CSA","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","February 13, 2016","1.0"
"Overall bad experience.","The experience was very unpleasant. The salary was poor. There was no real appreciation hard work. I left the company after three years.","Teller I","Former Employee","Whitefish Bay, WI","February 12, 2016","1.0"
"Leader in Banking & Financial Services Industry","There really was no 'typical' day at work. Everyday had a new challenge and lots of variety. The dynamic culture of this company allowed me to develop outstanding customer service skills, learn how to communicate and how to manage & deal with change. Had some co-workers that were eager to learn and others just putting in their time. The hardest part of the job was dealing with the politics of such a huge conglomerate. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting and getting to know my customer base and vendors.","Major Buildings","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2016","3.0"
"Great company, amazing experience","Great company to work and learned new things everyday. Team work is the key and this bank is remarkable. My manager was very supportive learned an experienced so many new things learned how to balance job life and personal life Mixed culture and great environment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Talleyville, DE","February 10, 2016","3.0"
"Job continually changing so every day there's a new way to do your job. Interview was misleading. Earnings exaggerated.","Micromanaged. Seem to view their people more like numbers or sheep that are herdable and dispensable. Regularly under-staffed at all levels. Co. feels bland and hostile. Don't recommend it to anyone.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 9, 2016","1.0"
"RBC Bank was acquired by this bank. Great bank.","Commercial lending position. Cold call, service clients, cross sell, credit underwriting. At that time credit had a local presence.","Commercial Banker","Former Employee","Salem, NC","February 9, 2016","4.0"
"Good company for which to work. Going through some changes but overall a good experience.","Good company for which to work. Going through some changes but overall a good experience. Overall management was good allthough there were a number of reorganizations in the short time I was there. Worked with some very good people","Finance PMO - Project Manager 1","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 9, 2016","4.0"
"Productive place to work at","It's a great place to work, there's still a lot of room for improvement especially in the technology field but it's a bank with great values and a friendly work environment","Regional Operations Coordinator","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","February 9, 2016","4.0"
"I already reviewed this company."," this bank is a large corporation. this bank is spread out throughout the country. There are many opportunities if you want to move out of your state.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","February 8, 2016","4.0"
"stressful sales goals","8 hour or more work days. learned a lot about being a supervisor as back up. management really only looks out for themselves. co workers were good except a few bad apples. hardest part of job were unrealistic expectations. most enjoyable part would be the wonderful client base","Teller II","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","February 6, 2016","2.0"
"Would not recommend working for this bank","They have a survey system in which you need to have a 4.8 to a 5 to be green. If you aren't corporate will not get off your back. You have very little control over what the customers say on these surveys; many times they aren't even rating you as an employee. They are rating the bank as a whole, or a different employee. Some people give all 4's because they don't believe anyone can be perfect and that everyone has room for improvement. It's a rolling score so all 4's will mess you up for the next year. There was a time when my co-worker got a 2.8 because a customer was convinced the upgrade that was done for him was the reason he subsequently had his identity stolen. I had another co-worker get a 2 because our branch wasn't handicap accessible. The comments to these surveys come out a few weeks after the fact and corporate does not care if the bad score you got was not your fault. Completely unfair system, way too much pressure. They continuously punish you and make you feel terrible about your scores if they aren't good even if you try really hard to do well. Corporate spends tons of money on ideas that don't work. When employees give feedback about things not working they do not care, they just say do it anyway which leads to people wasting tons of time trying to make it look like they are using the tools that corporate wants them to even when they aren't because they don't make any sense. They under pay all of their employees The bright spot was that I loved the people in the branch that I worked. We were like a family and we worked together to get the job done. We - more...","Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 4, 2016","1.0"
"One of the better places I've worked for","Schedule and benefits were great. Job was challenging and always changing, but never too hard to finish. Leadership was fun to work for.","FRAUD RESOLUTION SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 4, 2016","4.0"
"Results driven sales enviorment","Analyzing client needs using consultative approach. Full financial management including portfolio, planning, trust, and backing services","Service Coordinator Specialist","Current Employee","Bethesda, MD","February 4, 2016","4.0"
"Teller","General duties included securing the back and processing customers withdrawals and deposits while delivering excellent customer service.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Philadelphia County, PA","February 4, 2016","3.0"
" this bank is a good starter company and is good for people who are looking for a chance at stability.","A typical day at work consist of opening the branch and setting up an interactive activity to attract customers. This position can be a lot of fun if you are grouped with the right set of co- workers. The most enjoyable part of the job is the interactions with customers and being paid to be a part of games from time to time. However, the hardest part of the job is meeting monthly sales goals from time to time.","Bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pasadena, MD","February 3, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","I could not have been happier with my time at this bank Mortgage. It was a great opportunity which I found to be very helpful for my career. Management really strives to be great.","Associate","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 3, 2016","4.0"
"poor leadership manages team with fear","Do not work here. You will be very unhappy. Everyone complains and human resources does not care. It is all about pushing products and never getting praise for what you do. Leaders play favorites and treatment is different for those people.","branch employee","Former Employee","western michigan","February 2, 2016","2.0"
"A decent company"," this bank is a decent company to work for, but they do not pay very well for the amount of work employees are expected to do. It is also difficult to move up depending on which department you are in.","Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2016","3.0"
"Great company","Great working with people & customers. Learned a lot about the Automobile industry. A very rewarding job. Great place to work.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2016","5.0"
"Great working experience","Enjoyed working with people and customers. a typical day at work allowed me to be helpful to customers, Great experience in customer service.","Customer Service Representative III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and very productive team members","I love working here because it is so cool and pleasant place to work with folks, productive environment, fun place, good location","Automation Engineer","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","February 2, 2016","5.0"
"Highly professional enviornment with people willing to help","Work is worship for me. Love TEAM work environment My typical work day is meeting my clients understand their needs and providing solutions and at the same time make sure that I win their trust and confidence. My management and co-workers were superb. Working with clients always enjoyable and never had a negative feeling about my job.","Business Development","Former Employee","Plainsboro, New Jersey","February 1, 2016","5.0"
"Good entry level position.","If you are just starting off this is a good job for you, especially if you are a great salesperson. They don't offer full time positions. They rarely ever promote within. They pay is the lowest in the industry. High sales demand on tellers is stressful. They don't give Christmas bonus, no perks like free lunch or free anything. Management has even suggest that we pay out of our own pocket to buy things for customers to show customer appreciation. They strong arm us to make donations out of our own pocket. Many of the tellers qualify for welfare because of the low wages The healthcare is horrible, prescriptions are not covered. You are only given two personal days per year in the first year, for sick or vacation you only get two days. High turn over rate because the company does not treat it's employees very well would be my guess.","Teller I","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","January 31, 2016","2.0"
"Recently acquired position","The job culture is cool & it's all about learning new products & services. Personally it fits someone who is customer oriented and willing to handle person to person interaction.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 30, 2016","4.0"
"n/A","Not a good environment to work in. Compensation is extremely low compared to other companies with the same duties and responsibilities. Management does not care about the concerns of the employees. No room for financial advancement.","R Advantage team","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 30, 2016","1.0"
"Good Bank to work for I still use them as my bank."," this bank, was a great entry level position into the bigger world of fraud and financial fraud. I learned so much I was able to take financial fraud to tax fraud.","Fraud Analyst","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 29, 2016","5.0"
"Fast Pace","Opened new accounts: saving, checking, and loan manage and operate the teller line. Answer the phones as well as make everyday calls.","Customer service representative","Current Employee","Sellersburg, IN","January 28, 2016","4.0"
"Solid company","It has been to write a review for this company under its present management. I do remember that it was well run and offered long term employment.","Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 28, 2016","5.0"
"great place to get started in sales."," this bank is a good place to get started in sales. They have a great work life balance schedule and many branches to choose from.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 27, 2016","3.0"
"Steady Career"," this bank offers job security but without a degree is very hard to land a promotion. Had bad managers and fantastic managers. Large company with good benefits.","Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company","build lasting relationships with clients, make phone calls, and work with financial partners to provide solutions to financial needs.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Oakwood, OH","January 26, 2016","5.0"
" this bank Executive Assistant","The executive assistant role was a challenge but a welcome one. I enjoyed the fast paced environment. The proactive solution based job was a great fit for me.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 25, 2016","5.0"
"Financial Sales Consultant","Great job, gave me the experience that I needed in sales and customer service. I became very educated in the loan process and all the products available to customers in order to make their financial goals become a reality.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","January 24, 2016","5.0"
"Always seeking room for improvement","Management- A very motivated and dedicated individual who is takes great pride in everything I do. Always willing to learn and work as a team. I am always ready to take on a challenge as well as overcome it -Patience, Respect, Recognition and Fairness. - Talented, and willing to learn and work as a team. - There is no hard part to my job, all challenges turn out to be a life lesson for growth and development - My teams my most enjoyable part of my job as well as my clients","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","January 23, 2016","3.0"
"Very Corporate, difficult to advance","I started working for this bank back in september at the call center. It's a very high stress environment and a lot of broken promises. The management is poor and inexperienced. Management should be required to hold a customer service position for at least 6 months before being awarded a Team Lead position. SO many miscommunications happen on a day-to-day basis, especially when it comes to following company procedures and federal law. Definitely not the best bank to work for, but an ok place to start your career or work at later when you've advanced. Get ready for quick 30 minute lunch breaks and staying at adherence.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2016","3.0"
"Its a bank","Worked in the operations side of the bank and found a lot of long-tenured and heavily entrenched people. Some of whom were great people Be ready to put in your time before efforts are recognized. Advancement and opportunities are heavily dependent on you ability to leverage your network in the compnay","Sr Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 21, 2016","3.0"
"production","A typical day of work include plenty of paper work. The most enjoyable part of the job is having variety duties. The management team worked closely with the staff.","Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 21, 2016","4.0"
"Horrible Company","You do not want to work for this company! You are told one thing during the interview and training process but once you are in your branch, everything you were promised goes right out the window!","Teller","Former Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","January 21, 2016","1.0"
"Challenging work involving multi-tasking","- Typical day at work was reviewing files for document accuracy. - Learned to multi-task several loan systems to process files. - Daily managed and processed 60+ customer files. - Enjoyed my co-workers who all were team players. - The hardest part of the job was keeping up with weekly goals submitted by management. - The most enjoyable part of the job was multi-tasking, calculating document terms and closing out files","Operations Senior Closer","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 21, 2016","3.0"
"fun and loving evironment","many responsibilities from opening the branch to closing the branch. balance your drawer and taking care of copious amount of money.","Teller","Current Employee","Herndon, VA","January 21, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great culture, co-workers were very accomplished and talented Growing too fast and losing sight of individual employees accomplishments.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","January 20, 2016","4.0"
"Supports other organization","A very inviting and well kept place, it's once you're in reality hits. Pay rate do not match work load. Lack of quality control. Inadequate training","Repetitive tasks of data entry","Former Employee","Riverdale, GA","January 20, 2016","1.0"
"Unprofessional workplace","I usually never review anything unless I am extremely satisfied or extremely disappointed. It is very unfortunate to say, that this is by far the worst company I have ever worked for. I have never felt so humiliated, discriminated against, and out of place with any other employer in my past. The lack of open-mindedness and education in the environment are clearly a big issue and greatly contribute to the high level of unprofessionalism observed within the retail banking sector. None of the promises I was made in the beginning of my career ever became a reality, and it did not take long to realize that the only reason I was hired was because they needed bodies, not because they valued my experience, skills, and me as an employee. I am beyond disappointed and would not recommend to anyone with education beyond high school level.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","January 19, 2016","2.0"
"A up and coming banking institution","The goals and strategy of the company are there however the technical aspects such as the systems they use to do your job are lagging. Plenty of opportunity available within this bank.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 18, 2016","3.0"
"Always short on staff which made it impossible to leave on time for family","Typical day at work is from about 8:30am-5:30 or 6pm depending on if fully staffed or not. Hardest part of the job is not able to work freely but being micromanaged. Cannot get more than 10% raise per year, so if you got promoted you are stuck with whatever salary you earned.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","January 18, 2016","3.0"
"Sweat shop","This place demands a lot from the employees and pays absolutely nothing. HR lies about pay to get you in the door. this bank is an outdated lockbox that need to invest better equipment and a better process.","Extractor","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","January 15, 2016","1.0"
"productive work place","great work place with amazing co workers doing the total QA process we learned together working in agile environment with developers","QA Analyst","Former Employee","MD","January 14, 2016","5.0"
"Structure, secure work environment","Surrounded by high-quality talent, which is a great environment for personal development. Talent development processes are robust and detailed. Career progress is ok, Internal mobility program affords great exposure across all- markets.","Corporate Banking Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 13, 2016","4.0"
"Good place to Work","Enjoy working here the pay is great and good benefits and vacation time off. Fast paced environment and must be able to adapt to change.","Consumer Support SPOC Sr","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 13, 2016","4.0"
"fast pace","Teller processing fast paced, check cashing, deposits issue monetary instruments (cashiers checks, money orders etc). Supervise branch team members, maintain branch scheduling, order of branch supply needs.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","January 12, 2016","3.0"
"Fun and exciting experience","Working for this bank allowed me to increase my knowledge on consumer and small business lending. I was also able to learn more about the day to day operations of banks.","Operations Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 12, 2016","5.0"
"na","Why is this bank unable to retain good and dedicated employees? Why does this bank MICO Manage? Why does this bank promote employees that have not social qualities and communication skills?","Business Banking Vice President","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","January 11, 2016","1.0"
"ok","Bank has turned into sales to much. Customers do not like it. I like to make customers happy and want to come back. Not unhappy that they are being harassed for new products every time they come into the bank.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Napoleon, OH","January 11, 2016","3.0"
"Not your ideal teller job","I worked there for three months before they decided to lay me off. First off, the training was not thorough. Second, when I asked for help, I would either get ignored or they would get mad at me. It was underpaid for the work that was required. The management was low and disrespectful. My manager was rude to me in front of clients and would make me look stupid and unqualified for the job. I felt worthless and unappreciated even though I tried my best to enjoy it.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","California, MD","January 11, 2016","2.0"
"try to make a transfer","Design and deploy employee /benefits census report, benefits statements report, enrollment count summary report, billing report and other insurance / payroll file transfer reports by using SSRS and SQL Server 2005 / 2008","Data Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 11, 2016","4.0"
"Good company","I have been at the company over 3 year at a teller . I really have a lot of experience such as how to communicate with clients well and understand the power of team work.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 9, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent environment and great employee benefits","Very professional and took great concern on training their employees so the customers had a great and positive experience.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 8, 2016","5.0"
"Low Pay","The Pay is horrible for the positions. You spend years working your way up and still make nothing compared to other banks.","Detection and Investigation Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","January 8, 2016","3.0"
"bank N Bank, now this bank","Working for this bank, formerly bank N Bank, was enjoyable and provided me with personal and professional growth. Outstanding management and employees. Enjoyed positions both part-time and full-time.","Float Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 8, 2016","5.0"
"Great Workplace!","Great Employer, great staff, great leadership. Love working in the community in which i reside! Ability to excel and move up within the company","Financial Center Manager","Current Employee","New Carlisle, OH","January 7, 2016","5.0"
"Great work/life balance","Great work/life balance. Tremendous peer support and management support as needed. Flexible schedule when required.","Software Engineer","Current Employee","Ohio","January 6, 2016","4.0"
"Great Company","I was sorry to leave them but my family moved to califiornia because my wife got a job out here. There is nothing bad i could say abou them.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Edison, NJ","January 5, 2016","5.0"
"I enjoyed working in the banking enviroment","I started working there when it was bank N Bank in the Sales Department, it later change over to this bank and our Sales Department transferred to the Brecksville location and we worked in the Collections Department.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 5, 2016","4.0"
"Program Development Assistant Manager","Everyday is filled with purpose, productivity and achievement. Working closely with program candidates, Hiring and on boarding journey,project management. Time management can be the most challenging however with organization and great time management.","Development Program Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","January 4, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to start entry level","great place to work. Just sales based mostly. The best training I have had in a long time. You have a chance to move up if you do your job well.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","January 4, 2016","4.0"
"Great place to work.","For this bank I assisted with sales of different financial services to provide financial solutions to consumer and business concerns. My time with this bank was a great learning experience with great training from this bank university. It help me learn how to sale with confidence and provide five star customer service. Due to frequent growth in the company it provided new challenges daily requiring me to approach new responsibilities spontaneously. It was a really team oriented work place having to work with my team to deliver quality client experience. Hardest part about the job was management turnover it provided challenges having to learn new ways to adjust to exceptions. The most enjoyable part about my job was building relationships with customers to resolve financial problems. Overall it was a great experience.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Shaker Square, OH","January 4, 2016","4.0"
"Excellent Learning Experience","I was able to obtain and learn a lot of professionalism and customer service from this bank. Day to day was hectic, usually handling about 200 to 300 calls. When promoted to a Tier 2 became more tedious in correcting many mistakes by lower level employees, many stressful calls and constant volume. Very high turn over in employees made it hard to maintain a good culture in the workplace.","Senior Associate Credit Card Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 1, 2016","4.0"
"Terrible Compensation","Sub market compensation strategy. Failed pay for performance implementation. No possibility for financial growth with firm. No bonuses until Vice President level (minimum 5 years), departments limited to 1% annual raise. Don't expect for your salary increases to outstrip inflation until you get pay your 5-10 year of dues to qualify for bonuses.","Lean Deployment Team Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 30, 2015","2.0"
"Poor Management, no room to grow","Job was great, no management, no room to grow. Pushed sales. Management did not address concerns about anything. No one took ownership","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","West Windsor, NJ","December 29, 2015","1.0"
"Great work life balance"," this bank is wonderful with thinking about the company's and employees well- being to be an successful company to work for.","cyustomer care rep","Current Employee","columbus, Ohio","December 28, 2015","5.0"
"Working for this bank","I've been working for this bank for a little over 12 years. I can honestly say that I do not have any negative feedback to report.I come to work daily to a good working atmosphere. At 6 AM I run my daily totals reports. Next I began logging in work for a team of 35 Statement Spreaders, then I log out all of their completed work and finally I take a look at supplies that may e running low and make sure our printers and faxes are working properly. I have a great relationship with my manager and my coworkers. In fact, my manager knows that I am looking for employment outside of this bank because our opportunities for advancement aren't as high as they use to be in previous years. The most enjoyable part of my job is being able to come in at 6 AM because I get to leave at 2:30 PM which lets me schedule all of my appointments for after I leave work. I also enjoy the conversations I have with the diverse people in our group.","Work Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2015","4.0"
"Was a good place to work just very hot","It was a good place to work to start out. I enjoy the people that I worked with. I did learn a lot working there and had the chance to learn how to open accounts and do loans as well as wait on customer at the teller line.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Lavale, MD","December 26, 2015","4.0"
"Friendly Culture","The overall workplace is very nice. Clean environment and supportive management. Colleagues are very friendly and willing to help you. Excellent place to make contacts to move career path internally.","Associate I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 25, 2015","4.0"
"Productive Fast Pace","Good working environmen Fast Pac Learning new actions with every transactio only negative is hard to advance in movement","Teller","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","December 23, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","While working at this bank downtown it was amazing experience. The management was excellent but it was also a fun atmosphere to work for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","December 22, 2015","5.0"
"wouldn't recommend call center every other department I worked in was great","I enjoyed all departments i worked in except the call center. I worked in various departments during my time there. Call center was the most demanding and most stress-full place. Pressure from supervisors and managers was to much along with the customers being nasty and mean.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","December 21, 2015","3.0"
"Great Bank"," this bank is a great company to work for . The WorkPlace Banking department was a wonderful department, they care about you as an employee.","WorkPlace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 21, 2015","4.0"
"Summary","I loved working in a restaurant it was completely different from wjat I had ever done. I had to take orders and prepare food, clean the kitchen keep inventory and ordering train new staff. I enjoyed providing excellent customer service and I had a wonderful management team that I worked for","Teller Representative I","Former Employee","Waldorf, MD","December 20, 2015","5.0"
"Ok position","Management id ok. The work environment is very quiet but weird. There is not much, if any communication between coworkers. Not really a team environment.","Underwriting Analyst - Analyst II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 19, 2015","3.0"
"Focused on Customer Satisfaction","Management was great and gave you credit when you deserved it! The hardest part of the job was dealing with rude and non-compliant customers. I had great co-workers and so my day was always fun and exciting! The hours were great and there was always room to grow in the company.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Lincoln Park, MI","December 18, 2015","5.0"
"Management not very friendly. Could be a good place to work.","There are a lot of managers that are not very nice and do not talk to associates. this bank tries to promote employee engagement but it doesn't go very far when the Management team seems out of touch with the associates. The talent seems to leave either due to the management team or due to compensation.","Finance Project Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 17, 2015","3.0"
"I liked working for the company, but policies need to be reviewed and changed.","I enjoyed working for this bank, I had many customers that are loyal to me Most days at the branch were busy. We have had a lot of change with co-workers. Hardest part of the job was keeping on track and getting customers waited on. I loved my customers.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Brunswick, MD","December 17, 2015","4.0"
"N/a","Not applicable Job Work/Life Balance Not good. Compensation/Benefits. Job Security/Advancement not goo Management not good. Job Culture","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2015","1.0"
"Great Environment","-Cared about the financial well being of its customers. -Worked as a team and our team was unique and very helpful. -Enjoyed talking to customers all over the US","MULTI-CHANNEL OPERATIONS CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2015","3.0"
"Decent place to work","I worked for this bank for three years. Their call center is a great place to work, however, their branches are full of shady politics and unethical practices. I was let go when they found another person that could do my job at 5 branches for $10,000 less per year than what I was making. They let go 9 total people in the area when they closed the branch, and fired all of them before the day before the branch closed so that they could avoid having to pay severance. When we all went to file for unemployment, this bank told unemployment that we were all let go due to insubordination - which unemployment quickly caught on to and made this bank Pay us unemployment. I heard that a few lawsuits were filed, but I did not get involved.","Loan Officer/Account Executive - Pay Rate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2015","3.0"
"Do not work here !!! You will be sorry","This company could care less about its employees .... Not a good place to work if you have bills. I have had a lot of experience and never have had the experience I had working here. Terrible pay, benefits not so great. They offer tuition reimbursement but if you decide to leave (no matter how long you've been there) they want the money back. Way to help your employees !","na","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 15, 2015","1.0"
"Difficult environment with no room for advancement","Harsh, difficult, and cheap environment where pushing EPS is the only goal. No respect for 'back-office' finance workers who ensure governmental guidelines. Inept managers who are not in a position to lead or manage, but simply drive results, whatever the cost.","Senior Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2015","2.0"
"Management","Management for this position wasn't the best. They hired out of the department for supervisor positions which created multiple issues. If you needed explanations on anything you had to bother senior members and interrupt their work as the supervisors had no idea what was going on. Management only knew how to look at charts showing your workload and assign work as needed. Not much help for anything else.","Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2015","3.0"
"Turn over is about 100% in most branches","They sell you on what a great opportunity it is to work there. But then you get there and everyone else is rushing back out the door past you. After a few weeks, you begin to understand why.","Portfolio Manager","Current Employee","Illinois","December 13, 2015","1.0"
"Ok Company, need better pay","Company is ok to work for. The location I worked for was very slow but we still had to have the same amount of referrals as the busy locations. this bank is one of the lowest paying banks in the area. I could have easily went to another big bank and made extra $2 an hour. They have pretty good benefits however and some pretty good incentives.","Teller Rep","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","December 12, 2015","3.0"
"Disappointing management and employee appreciation","The bank is planning on converting to virtual banking despite negative reviews. The plan is to fire employees randomly and reduce the expenses There is no social responsibility in such a management.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 9, 2015","1.0"
"Absolutely great atmosphere to work in and always felt positive once you walked in the door.","Everyone was very positive when they were in the building. The teamwork there was as strong as any team I had ever been a part of. I really enjoyed being there every day and was pushed to be the best I could be at my job by my manager.","Collections","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2015","5.0"
"Constantly striving for improvment"," this bank is willing to try the latest tech and will rethink the wheel - internal processes are always being improved and they listen to frontline employees who suggest solutions.","Client Contact Specialist - Human Resources","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2015","5.0"
"Productive and exellent customer service","A good company to work for . positive and supportive management and colleagues . Training in all areas within the bank are offert and a lot of challenging and exciting projects","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 8, 2015","4.0"
"Professional Environment and Friendly Cowokers","I have not meet a single person at this bank who has not seemed content with their jobs. They are all very friendly and seem to have a good life/work balance. The atmosphere is welcoming and the company seems to value their employees. There is of course a lot of paperwork that needs to get done and the learning curve for their particular way of doing things is very high. There does appear to be some turn over, but it is usually from people leaving for other jobs, from what I can tell.","Business Analyst IT","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 7, 2015","5.0"
"A lot of standing but to be expected as an usher","Worked to greet customers while developing skills in customer service. Showed customers to their seats and dealt accordingly with occurring issues as such.","Usher","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","December 7, 2015","5.0"
"good","This bank was great and had good customer service. A lot of focus was on selling the services providing by the bank. Customers were very pleased and didn't feel pressured.","Teller","Former Employee","Glen Ridge, NJ","December 4, 2015","5.0"
"Great job","Typical day is busy. I have learned so much from dealing with a variety of people to how to do technical work on the computer.","SALES AND SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Barbourville, KY","December 3, 2015","5.0"
"Consistently reinforce growth","Great products and services. Very conservative when approving loans, even for mass affluent. Embrace multiple bank cultures in attempt to find their own persona. Strong family oriented environment.","Universal Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Montclair, NJ","December 2, 2015","5.0"
"Difficult work environment","Job work/Life balance was great. However the location I worked for was not easy. Too many people setting new people for failure. I felt I always had to watch my work. Very stressful.","Sales and Service Specialist Coordinator","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","December 2, 2015","3.0"
"Do not care about employees","When this bank bought bank N Bank it felt as though it were the other way around. bank N Managers wanted nothing more than to get rid of this bank staff and when my daughter became ill and was in the hospital for 4+ months, they struck and I was let go. FMLA did not protect me. My manager was heartless.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kentucky","December 2, 2015","3.0"
"Very Busy","The branch I am located is very busy, you're constantly learning with training, co-workers are great, you deal with a lot of customers on a daily basis sometimes you can only feel you don't even get paid enough. It can be a very stressful job.","Teller","Current Employee","Phillipsburg, NJ","December 2, 2015","4.0"
"Big Bank","As a loan officer at a big bank, my responsibility is to provide services for local branches and self gen business. Pay is fully 100% comission. Management lacks strong leadership skills, is indecisive, and often unwilling to do whatever it takes to close a loan (within regulations).","Loan Officer","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","December 1, 2015","2.0"
" this bank has been the financial institution of choice and provides a rewarding and educational job experience.","The working environment is corporate and yet family friendly at the same time. While the company is large, it is not overwhelming in size and locations in the United States are found within certain pockets along the east coast and southern states. The atmosphere is team oriented and easily adaptable to new employees.","Client Relationship Representative","Former Employee","Manasquan, NJ","December 1, 2015","4.0"
"Fun People","Limited Opportunities for growth and development in the field of retail banking, high turn over in staffing. therefore staff lose interest in working for the company","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","December 1, 2015","3.0"
"Cool Idea, Poor execution."," this bank focuses on maintaining a work/life balance and creating an inclusive culture for all employees and customers. However at the branch level this is poorly executed. During my time at this bank I was forced to make 10+ sales calls per day. I was also forced to push product and services on every customer regardless of whether they had a need or not. Best part of the job was commiserating with my coworkers. Also formed a special connection with a few customers.","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","West Michigan","November 30, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","Great job to work for, no plans on living just trying to find another job to supplement my income and that is compatible with the hours I am already working here at this bank","Customer Care Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","November 30, 2015","5.0"
"Great"," this bank is a great company to work for. I would encourage anyone looking to get into retail banking to consider applying. I learned a lot about finances and lending.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","November 30, 2015","5.0"
"I actually liked my position!!","Until this point I've never worked in a call center!!!!! Its definitely a lot of information to cover but once you get a handle on how things work its a piece of cake. you get incentive for quality calls and schedule adherence and paid holidays :-) However my current schedule just isn't conducive to my family life","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","November 24, 2015","3.0"
" this bank review"," this bank October 2014 – Sept 2015. Customer Service Associate. • Consult with customers utilize conversation to determine financial requirement • Based upon conversation open necessary accounts and financial products; checking/savings accounts, loans, cd's, etc. • Assist customers with necessary daily transactions. • Determine opportunities for accelerated referrals to other sales departments; mortgages, annuities, and other investments. • Accurately maintain vault cashbox, branch ATM and personal cashbox","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Avon Lake, OH","November 24, 2015","5.0"
"fun place to work","As in any job, management needs improvement. Lots of contests, overtime, bonuses, perks, etc. Good work-life balance. Could use more professionalism.","Sales Agent","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","November 24, 2015","4.0"
"Terrible place","I worked at this bank For 2 years tho it had its good times there was far less of them then bad times. First they train you that this bank is all about its employees and they care about you. It's a lie they care about you if your not a teller. Second sales oriented ok I understand all companies are about making money but at a bank you always see the same people so it's frustrating when you shove credit cards down the throats of the same people every week then when the customer flips out on you for annoying them it's your fault for not positioning the 'conversation' correctly. Third the amount your salary is at this bank is peanuts for the amount of stuff your required to do. And if you end up in the Lehigh valley region in pa your job is threated daily if your not performing to expectations. The amount of stress I endured working there cause me to develop medical issues that I now take pills to prevent. And the high deductibles from there insurance plans didn't make it easy for me to get medical attention for the issues developing from the stress. So all and all my experiences at this bank where terrible the only good thing was I was traveling 5 miles to work.","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","Lehigh Valley, PA","November 24, 2015","1.0"
" this bank","Benefits are ok- only high deductible health plans available. There are lots of opportunities to move into other positions. Vacation and work from home are good in most areas of the company","Human Resources","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 22, 2015","3.0"
" this bank Financial Sales Consultant","A typical day entailed helping customers with deposits, withdrawals, transfer funds or purchase cashier checks, solve any bank account problems. Worked in an in-store branch going into aisles to talk to customers to inform them about bank promotions and/or bank products. Learned how to handle customers in a positive, constructive manner. Was a team player and enjoyed working in a positive, flexible, cooperative friendly environment. Hardest part of job was staying calm while handling customers that were upset, irate or rude. Most enjoyable part of the job was helping customers find the right products that fit their needs, knowing customers left branch satisfied with my customer service,","Bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","November 21, 2015","4.0"
"great customers and staff","for many years was a fun and rewarding place to work. they gave each employee the opportunity to advance withon the company","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Loves Park, IL","November 20, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to work but limited opportunity for growth"," this bank is a productive and fun place to work with limited opportunity for growth. I loved my co workers and the work but felt I was stuck and felt unfulfilled.","Income Work Lead II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 19, 2015","3.0"
"Fun place to work with","Great place to work. I was able to advance fairly quickly but also had to work very hard. Knowing that work hard=play hard. I can consider being here for may years.","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","November 19, 2015","5.0"
"Great company","Great company with a lot of growth potential. If you are willing to apply yourself and commit to the company's values. These is plenty of growth in a short period of time with this company","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","November 18, 2015","5.0"
"Productive & Fun","Very corporate, so at times can become impersonal. Great people. Great Wealth Management philosophy. Team approach. Time off is split into different buckets that can make it difficult to take.","Sales and Service Specialist","Current Employee","Fort","November 18, 2015","4.0"
"Rm","Soliciting new clients for the Bank growing assets and liabilities together with non-interest income in categories including leasing, term and revolving debt, employee benefits, retirement plans, merchant services, etc.","Vice President","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 18, 2015","4.0"
")",")))))))))))))))))) None )))))))))))))))))))) Lousy working to life balance. Income ratio is well off base for job descriptions. I have no further comments on this horrible company.","None","Current Employee","None","November 18, 2015","2.0"
"Great Entry Position","Top Management and work culture. Easy to find mentors and amazing employee benefits and retirement plans. The opportunities to grow internally may come with challenge. The technology and training programs available are the best and you can tell JPM made a strong commitment and investment to their training and recruiting.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Mahwah, NJ","November 17, 2015","5.0"
"Functions and process seem to change daily","Great management and team, however I need something more flexible which will provide a better home/ work balance and less commute.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 16, 2015","3.0"
"Nice work environment, good co-workers","My typical day at this bank would include checking email, pulling investment review information, pulling investment performance information. We have several different programs that we use and I have thorough of all I am also responsible for investment compliance reviews and work directly with the investment advisor's to ensure all compliance issues have been discussed and resolved.","Service Coordinator","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","November 16, 2015","4.0"
"Productive work environment with excellent retirement benefits","As a Senior Documentation Administrator I was responsible for validating the receipt of and filing commercial loan documentation. I serviced our internal and external partners across various lines of business by fulfilling copy requests, validation of original documents, file pulls and processing the temporary release of files to the Asset Resolution Team and this bank legal. Additional responsibilities included imaging and data entry of commercial loan documents. These functions were performed using a variety of systems. Extremely rigid accountability standards made it difficult to work under pressure to meet daily service levels and deadlines. As a strong team player, I found the most enjoyable part of the job was establishing a level of trust among teammates while forming lasting relationships.","Senior Documentation Administrator","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 16, 2015","3.0"
"FInacial Sales Consultant","I was the 'face of this bank' at one of our several retail banking branches located within a supermarket. I report to the Branch Manager and Regional Manger as well as our Sales Support and Service Manager. Combining strong service skills and sales initiative to create new customer relationships and retaining existing ones within a retail-based market and sales-focused professional environment. This is the worst job I have ever had. The management did not provide proper guidance, They did not have and support for their personnel. I would never recommend anyone working for them.","Financial Sales Consultsnt","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 16, 2015","1.0"
"great place and people","best people very nice and fun to work with and to work for,they cared about you and the work that they did. they would go out of their way to do extra for those that needed it. every customer was treated with respect.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Lewis Center, OH","November 16, 2015","2.0"
"extremely low pay, horrible management,no advancement for 'minorities'","The company does not pay a living wage ( check Salaries for yourself before applying) . Lots of hard work for not much compensation. Company promoted an unqualified minority to keep from having an all white management staff . Not a good company for minorities especially African Americans.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2015","2.0"
"super","its very nice to work there ,i got chance to learn so much.got to work with so wonderful people.super management,project was so exciting and challenging.","Sr QA Analyst","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","November 14, 2015","5.0"
"Bank Teller","Bank Teller, I liked working with the numbers, my co-workers were nice to work with, but the sales part of the job was not for me. I prefer a more active job.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Camp Hill, Pa","November 14, 2015","3.0"
"Outstanding reputation for products and services. Wonderful, hardworking, and experienced technology and business departments","Management and staff are dedicated to providing technology solutions to external customers, to our internal business teams, and to our operations team. All of these internal areas are also devoted to excellence for our customers. We, in the systems development area, have a very cooperative environment among other our partner teams in technology infrastructure, application development, product management and operations. This partnership enables us to deliver products and services with robust features and high availability to millions of customers.","Senior Systems DIrector","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 13, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","I have had a long career with this bank, they treat you fairly and work hard to help you advance. they focus on engaging the employees","Business Acceptance Tester","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 12, 2015","5.0"
"Employees knowledgable and experienced","Independent consultant. Work was out of town 100%. Greatly enjoyed and respect coworkers. The hardest part of the job was starting a major clean up project. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing the benefits of completing the cleanup project","Engaged as a consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 11, 2015","4.0"
"Best Company","Worked here for 4 years. Management and company as a whole cared about their employees. Growth opportunities available. Had to leave because I moved. Wish I had not done that.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","November 11, 2015","5.0"
"Productive and informative","Provided a good learning experience, and opportunity to grow. It was fun and great. I had the opportunity to issue advisement on legal issues.","Administrative Trust Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2015","4.0"
"Sr. Mortgage Processor","You the closers job and LO's job. You are not compensated for your hard work. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE YOU DREAM TO WORK FOR. Management does not know their right shoulder from their left. With TRID being implemented due to government regulations it makes it hard to get accurate policies and information.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 11, 2015","1.0"
"good place to work","good benefit, good place of employment. lots of opportunity to grow. backup to team leader, trained co-worker and new hires","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 10, 2015","5.0"
"Fun Job. Great experience","The job is great. Working In-store is much better than working in a traditional branch. My coworkers are amazing. The hardest part of the job is dealing with angry customers.. and sometimes having to meet your goals.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Somerset, NJ","November 10, 2015","3.0"
"Great people and culture. Excellent work/life balance.","Training, communication and support were beyond expectations during a challenging acquisition.Corporate banking development program. Training provided. Promotion depending on the team, market, business environment. Best opportunity is in the Midwest.","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","November 10, 2015","4.0"
"Very professional","I am not leaving this bank for any negative reasons, they have displaced about 50 employees telling us it is a business decision. Overall a good place to work.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 10, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and a nice working environment","I really enjoyed working with this bank, the coworkers I had turned into great friends and the work environment was fun and healthy. During the time I was with them my husband was deployed and everyone was very kind. I really enjoyed my customers and our conversations with them.","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","November 10, 2015","4.0"
"Not Stable, Very Stressful","After 6 months of working at this bank, I had to place my two weeks notice. The job itself was extremely stressful. Management was poor. Everyone was close bc of previous work history . Things happen so if you didn't meet management goals they didn't pay any attention to you. However, if you met and exceeded one month, you were fine. I've never worked for a company that doesn't believe in paying they employees. Even part timers were ONLY GUARANTEED 28 hours. Nothing more, nothing less. I was never given an actual schedule. My schedule were either called or texted to me the morning of.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Montgomery, AL","November 9, 2015","2.0"
"Great Company","Really pushes for success, Great company to work for job experience. If you have trouble there is a call center that helps you do your job. You take classes while at work to learn the company product and banking rules and regulations.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 9, 2015","5.0"
"Productive workplace with daily goals.","Good place to work. Excellent management, willing to mold their team members to be great! Very basic customer service position.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 9, 2015","4.0"
"Great company","Productive fast growing company. They acknowledge your hard work, including employee appreciation week. I enjoyed my time within the company great, colleagues.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 8, 2015","4.0"
"enjoyable work environment"," this bank is a well managed company to work for with great room for advancement throughout the widely known financial institute.","Teller","Current Employee","Thornville, OH","November 8, 2015","4.0"
"Productive, professional, fun workplace with great incentives","Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers, but how you personally grow and develop. Efficient amount of red tape and politics, but it comes with the territory. The most enjoyable part of the job was working along side positive, upbeat, and helpful individuals in every position. The hardest part of the job was dealing with difficult consumers without seeming contradictory. A typical work day there would be taking calls of course, attending necessary daily meetings, acknowledging and applauding employee achievements,and implementing ideas to enhance customer experience.","Financial Services Consultant Tier II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 7, 2015","5.0"
"Fast Pace Teller","First day at work and Im already into a fast pace environment. I love the people and the how the company takes cares each other.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 6, 2015","5.0"
"Obsolete Managers","There are no leaders or mentors in my region, managers are very lazy and have personal relationships outside of work The hardest part of the job is dealing with management who rely on low wage employees to meet goals and oversee branch operations.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","New Jersey","November 6, 2015","2.0"
"Great benefits, low pay grade"," this bank is a fantastic place to work, there is a lot of room to grow and improve in your role. The benefits and home life are amazing however there is a high volume of turn over and excessive rulechanges. overall it is a great place to but youve got to be able to handle a lot of change and low pay.","FSC","Current Employee","North Carolina","November 5, 2015","3.0"
"You build a relationship with your customers.","You get to meet really cool people. It's a challenging job in committing to your goals. You get to learn a lot from specific roles if you are willing to learn.","Teller","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 4, 2015","4.0"
"Teller Rep","Worked as a travelling teller in the North Region. I got the opportunity to see many different branches and develop an understanding of how retail banking works and how each branch finds a way to adapt to their surrounding community I really enjoy the company and would recommend them to anyone as far as my experience goes.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2015","5.0"
"Great Culture."," this bank has done a great job creating an team based workplace. Employees are provided with training to further their knowledge of bank practices. Enjoyed my time with this bank. Opportunities for advancement are readily available.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","November 4, 2015","4.0"
"Good place to work","Enjoyed the wins in sales. Spoke to corporate financial directors to explain the process of accepting purchasing cards for payments. Enjoyed interacting with company representatives gaining trust and accomplishing sales goals.","customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2015","2.0"
"Management","Management is not very good there. They think the answer to everything is more conference calls and they like to fee customers to death."," this bank Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Upper Arlington, OH","November 3, 2015","2.0"
"Building a brand new book from 'ground zero'","The most enjoyable part of my job is working with my co-workers and accomplishing our goals each week. I also enjoy my clients. I take great pleasure in customer service and keep my clientele very satisfied. I meet my goals not only quarterly, but annually. Management has a tremendous amount of red tape and politics!","Banking Advisor II","Current Employee","Norfolk, VA","November 3, 2015","3.0"
"an ok place to work."," this bank is a great place to work, but the universal banker role should have more training. I think, if it were more hands on and interactive, that would help too. Overall it's an ok bank to work for.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 2, 2015","2.0"
"Relaxed and Employee and Customer Focused"," this bank is a great company to work for, they offer job advancement and strived to keep the balance of customer service for the clients and employee work life balance","SPOC III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 2, 2015","5.0"
"Eh, not too shabby","Not a bad place to work. But they are definitely very parsimonious in comparison to other banks. High expectations for very low pay.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bloomfield, NJ","November 1, 2015","5.0"
"Solid Company but lacking in advancement opportunities","A typical day for me consists of early morning conference calls followed by outside sales activation. Everyday my work location varies based on events scheduled for the week. I've learned how to juggle personal sales goals and management of a sales force including relationship building within a large market. Management doesn't seemed to be aligned with customer facing employees throughout the market which is a key factor in me seeking new employment. There is a very high turnover of employees in the company which makes it difficult to establish best practices that lead to positive results. The hardest pat of my job is having to deal with so many different personalities without any real support from my direct management. Philadelphia is the largest market in the company and I'm equipped with a team of four to meet the demands of such a large network. The best part of my job is that I am not tied down to any office as I am part of a mobile team. I love the freedom to create my own schedule and the opportunity to travel and experience different types of events.","Experiential Sales Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 1, 2015","3.0"
"Too far from Parent company","I worked for this bank for a short time, but because they don't have a local presence it felt like we were out on an island. Othewise very typical bank experience.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","West Linn, OR","October 30, 2015","3.0"
"My first job","It was very nice place to work in .This was place where i started my career as QA tester and i learned most of my skills .Other team member were very nice to help me and teach me real world working rules.","QA Tester","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 30, 2015","4.0"
"lead a team in the financial industry","rally a team to find opportunity in existing clients financial needs. work with small business bankers to identify and create banking relationsips","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Toms River, NJ","October 29, 2015","3.0"
"Professional work environment","Very supportive management. Training for the job is adequate. Supportive team mates and business partners, Large sales territory, a lot of travel.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 29, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, but slow work environment","As a previous employee of this bank I would like to thank this bank for the opportunity within their company. Saying I learned a lot would be an understatement. this bank kept me constantly growing as an individual in my work environment. Managers with outstanding leadership skills aided me throughout my this bank journey. It definitely enhanced my verbal and communication skills.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin Farms, VA","October 29, 2015","4.0"
"Fun place, they had a lot to offer. 1 hour breaks too","This was a great place to work at, however you would have to jump through hoops getting software you needed. The bad thing about this bank was that I had to frequently travel to Pittsburgh.","UI Software Engineer","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","October 27, 2015","4.0"
"Productive place to work for","productive place to work for. Very fun and diversified . work and life balance. your feedback is always appreciated .fast pace and fun to work for","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","October 27, 2015","5.0"
"Great benefits, but unsure if it can hold up the remaining mess..."," this bank is not a bad company to work for. The benefits are, in fact, rather exceptional, with health, vision, dental, and even a 401(k) plan matching at 4%. A lot of times, however, it does appear that upper management seems to be running in circles. I work in the branch in downtown Mechanicsburg where our regional manager's office resides, so you'd think they'd have a more keen sense on what's going on - they don't. Our regional manager is up a flight of stairs no more than 10 steps, and he JUST learned my name a few weeks ago - I got hired in February and it's now the end of October. When it comes to the sales side of things, it's not difficult to make goals. You do get a nice compensation depending on what job position you take. If you're in it for a bit of 'commission' then you're better off going for a Financial Sales Consultant role and should steer clear of a Teller or Customer Service Associate. Depending on how many accounts you open, credit cards you sell, loans you apply for, or even referrals you submit, you'll earn $6. You could spend 10 minutes opening an account for $6, where at the same time you could apply for a loan, have to keep an eye on it for weeks, keep in contact with them and up to date about it, and set yourself reminders to continuously observe the status of it and ultimately set up an appointment for a loan closing (sometimes months later). How much do you get for that? $6 (that's if you're a customer service associate - financial sales consultant works a bit differently). The nice thing, however, is that if you refer a customer to Investments and - more...","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","October 26, 2015","3.0"
"Mortgage","Worked closely with the business consultant, learned pivot tabels, v look up, managed complex calendars, approve expense reports, check requests, purchase orders","Senior Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Bellevue, WA","October 26, 2015","3.0"
"Very unstable place of business for a trained PM","It is difficult to put into words how much change the organization is undertaking around project management. There are levels that are very committed to an agile form of project management while the underlying management takes that with a grain of salt and proceeds to move forward with their own ideology and process. There is a great deal of dysfunction in this organization that would lead one to believe that it is impossible to predict how a career would go, let alone the first year of employment. As a former military member it is easy to see from a team perspective that this is a recipe for disaster. And, if you cannot move ahead with positive influence it is best to remove yourself from the line of fire. And, that is what I am doing.","Technology Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 26, 2015","3.0"
"Bad location, no foot traffic","Would have enjoyed it better if it had been busier. I had a wonderful manager who cared about his employees. Loved my customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Southport, NC","October 26, 2015","4.0"
"Under payed, Over worked","Ask to do too much in too little, minimums are difficult to reach. Ask to service walk-ins, do follow ups for existing clients on top of making 140 calls a week.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","October 25, 2015","2.0"
"Fun and productive work place.","Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them.","Retail Banking Teller","Former Employee","Bloomsburg, PA","October 24, 2015","5.0"
"great place to advance and grow","Great place to work especially if you are looking to be somewhere and grow in your career or just grow in knowledge. The customer relationship is what makes this job most fun and rewarding.","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Former Employee","peoria, il","October 23, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work but the work life balance was poor","The culture within the store was fun and challenging. My colleagues were all friendly and helpful. The upper management seemed to contradict their own directives making it hard for store management to react and be as productive as they would like. The store was also overstocked with merchandise making it hard for customers to shop. The quality of the merchandise was very good. The department managers were all dedicated people that were willing to help one another.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 23, 2015","3.0"
"the pros and cons of banking with this bank BANK","Working at this bank BANK was sales driven I was always busy with clients, phone calls, and other responsibilities. My in branch management team was a great team we all pitched in to make it a great day. I really enjoyed the close relationships built with customers and putting a smile on their face.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pikesville, MD","October 23, 2015","4.0"
"Customer Service","This job is a lot of customer service. Its usually a very busy day. The co-workers are very nice and management is very helpful. The hardest part of the job is the miserable customers. The most enjoyable part is your day goes by fast.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","October 22, 2015","3.0"
"Universal Banker Position","Workplace is easy going and fast paced. Co-workers are very team oriented. No room for growth or raises and bonus's are minimal.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Collinsville, IL","October 22, 2015","5.0"
"Loved the best job place and people.","The co-workers were the best I ever had, manager was amazing was always on time and would never leave us hanging with any job that needs it to be done, he would always answer his phone even is he was on vacation we needed to contact him for overwritting checks over 100k. We all became very good friends and on Fridays I used to cook to all my co-workers we either had dinner at my place or their place. Best people I've worked with.","In-store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","October 21, 2015","5.0"
"Best job/career","Wonderful work environment, nice manangers/coworkers, good benefits for even part-time, most enjoyable part of the job is getting to help customers","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 21, 2015","5.0"
"productive and fun work environment","Very enjoyable work environment. Emphasis on employee development, cohesive work environment between managerial staff and all employees in every work environment.","Senior Loan Support Specialist 2","Former Employee","Brecksville, Ohio","October 21, 2015","5.0"
"You Are Just A Number and Customer Service is Awful. Stressful and Low Pay","This company has changed a lot in the last few years. They are getting rid of workers all of the time. You are just a number hence why job security is one star. One mistake and you are gone. 6 months ago i went from sitting in a room of tellers and now sit in a room of new tellers. They fired a woman who has worked here 30 years because of one mistake. Took benefits away from her 6 months before retirement! Training is a month long and worthless. You are told to sell to people no matter the situation, if the teller line is full of people you still have to tell a person in a hurry to leave, if they would like a credit card it's B.S. and to top it off they are always under-staffed so if someone wants a credit card they have to make an appointment to see a banker a few days later! you get 6 dollars for referrals. They also have customer survey scores and you and the rest of the team get bonuses when the group scored highly BUT you need a 4.8 score out of 5 which is impossible because so many customers come in angry because we have new people working every week and we are always under-staffed. If you want to work at a bank don't work for this one especially if you're just starting out, you make 9-10 dollars an hour to be way too stressed out because of sales, making customers happy in an environment that is impossible to do so, and being worried you wont have a job tomorrow.","Customer Representative","Current Employee","Rockford IL","October 20, 2015","2.0"
" this bank Experience"," this bank is a financial institution that prides itself on achievement.Everyone strives to ensure client short and long term goals are met.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","October 20, 2015","3.0"
"Don't expect a big pay","Worked there for almost 2 years with only a 30 cents raise..The manager there only cares about themselves and not the lower employee. Even if you work hard you won't get awarded for it.","Teller","Former Employee","MI","October 19, 2015","2.0"
"Great flexibility","Company is great in terms of flexibility with work from home and flex days. Good teams and management. Processes established to complete tasks are somewhat cumbersome at times, and make it difficult to be successful. Overall the people and organization care about the employees and maintaining work-life balance.","Technical Resource","Former Employee","Ohio","October 19, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work.","Have worked here for 3 years, find it interesting and always a challenge. Management is great and the employee benefits are great.","BA IV at this bank Mortgage","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","October 19, 2015","4.0"
"Management in the branch is awesome, but any management higher than that are very bad."," this bank is one of the lowest paying banks. They need to keep up with other banks and come up with a better competitive pay. Benefits is expensive. Branch managers are great, they care about their workers, but it's the Higher management who don't seem to care about the employees. They are just looking out for themselves. They just care about the numbers. Very product pusher! I don't like it at all.","Teller","Current Employee","Holland, MI","October 18, 2015","1.0"
"Good team","I like the people I work with. They're a strong team. Job itself could be better. Don't get paid enough for the pressure you're under constantly.","Teller","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","October 18, 2015","3.0"
"greay environment. friendly people","I enjoyed the interaction between myself and the guests. They were friendly and I had a great teller supervisor and general manager. I would definitely recommend this position to anyone.","Part Time bank Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 18, 2015","4.0"
"Great people, declining comp/benefits","Compensation is below industry standards in some areas. Good benefits. Room for advancement but frequent restructures with layoffs.","HR","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 18, 2015","4.0"
"Kind of negative","management didn't know how to realte to it's employees. so, employees alway felt disconnected from managers. Pay was not the best either.","Licensed Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","October 17, 2015","4.0"
"Great work-life balance & management","Really fantastic work life balance, management is typically very down to earth and helpful. People genuinely care about your success in your role, ranging from upper management to peers. The only suggestion I would make would be to avoid this role if you are used to a traditional banking background. The new universal banker role is very much sales driven, and those uncomfortable with warm calling and sales quotas will not enjoy working here.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Town and Country, MO","October 17, 2015","5.0"
"A great place to work"," this bank has been a great place for me to work. They have provided me with great job security and the people I work with in my local branch are wonderful.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","October 16, 2015","4.0"
"Sales and service"," this bank was an amazing place to work, I enjoyed all of my 2 years with the company. The staff members at my branch were such a great team to work with and the customers were so kind. I really enjoyed the location in the heart of downtown DC.","Customer Sales Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","October 15, 2015","4.0"
"customer service","I'm always giving great customer service and making clients feel special. I love to prioritized my morning, so it will be less stress to complete my job for the day.","Bank Representative II - Handling","Current Employee","n/a","October 14, 2015","5.0"
"A lot of work and not a lot of pay","Good company to work for. There is good branch level management support. Stress on hitting numbers but for the most part goal's are achievable. Good team environment. strong customer service focus. Easy to get answers to questions or issues you might not know how to solve.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","October 14, 2015","3.0"
"*","Great team to work with. Overall work/life balance was sufficient. Hardest was lack of support and communication at times.","Supervisor II","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 14, 2015","3.0"
"Great place to work!!","I learn something new everyday from my manager or co-workers and most of all my customers. I leave at the end of the day knowing that I've made a positive difference in their lives.","Teller","Current Employee","Lumberton, NJ","October 14, 2015","5.0"
"Great work/life balance, really friendly environment","Worked at this bank as an intern for 3 months. People are always willing to help. Great work/life balance. Great management. Really close relationship between co-workers.","Quantitative Intern","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 13, 2015","5.0"
"Energetic andeventful"," this bank is a great place to work. The company is quick to show they care for their employees. Also benefits are well price pointed for employees","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Poland, OH","October 13, 2015","4.0"
"Not the best company to work for","Every man for him self type of atmosphere due to the fact goals have to be hit, training of new employees is really unorganized","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 13, 2015","2.0"
"Productive workplace.","Great coworkers and managers. A very small town banking feel but on a nationwide scale. Learn about customer service skills and banking skills.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Shelby, OH","October 12, 2015","5.0"
"The Work Culture is Fun!","I left to attend to a family matter, which is resolving very well The training staff at this bank are actually quite intelligent, and entertaining.","Professional customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2015","5.0"
"Not complicated work, lots of work","Not a lot of complicated tasks but busy the entire day. Hard to move around without leaving the department. A lot of work expected in one day.","IRA OPERATIONS CUSTOMER SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2015","4.0"
"Supportive and fun place to wor"," this bank is a very nice place to work, there goals are reasonable and management are very supportive by helping us succeed with our career at this bank.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Deerfield, IL","October 10, 2015","4.0"
"Good career opportunities, but continually changing focuses","Great company with good career opportunities (if you are in the correct location). The company seems to continually change focuses and it is tough to make long term plans because there are continual changes in management with new directives.","Senior Manager","Current Employee","Noblesville, IN","October 8, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Retail Bank","Basic Branch Manager Function. Company is Human Sigma and Customer Service focused. I have learned value of performance managing sales performance for overall sales out comes.","Branch Manager II AVP","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","October 7, 2015","5.0"
"With a Degree lots of room to move within","Most management are great and really incurage your development. They push you to achieve the best and make the most out of yourself. The best is being able to work with colleagues and learn from them hands on.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Martin, MI","October 7, 2015","3.0"
"Management","Each region with this bank has its own management, that are great at what they do and allow advancement for their employees.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Olney, MD","October 7, 2015","4.0"
"It's a bank.","It was customer service. At a bank. There is training and then you work. Then re-training when the rules change. I loved helping people. I hated the red tape and rules designed to hinder helping people.","Product Sales","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 7, 2015","3.0"
"Motivated and professional"," this bank required excellence in the workplace and properly trained and motivated their employees to meet their expectations.","Core Services Consultant","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","October 6, 2015","5.0"
"Expanded my banking and loan documentation expertise","During my tenure, I have had the opportunity to learn more about the banking line of business, and the loan documentation process. The most enjoyable part of my job has to be the people I work with, and the chance to share my knowledge with others.","Credit Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","October 6, 2015","4.0"
"Teller","No room for advancement. Terrible pay and benefits. Other financial institutions are better to work for than this bank, try them before coming to this company.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Charlotte Hall, MD","October 6, 2015","1.0"
"Just a number","Excellent company, Great Staff, but your just a number in the large banking world. A lot of travel. Excellent ability to learn.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Fair Haven","October 5, 2015","5.0"
"I wouldn't do it","I worked for this company and have to say horrible experience I wasn't with the company a month before being fired the manager who hired me quit while I was in training and when the new manager came in she fired me I wouldn't work for this bank in Birmingham Alabama period you've been warned","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","Bessemer","October 5, 2015","1.0"
"Good company to work for","Enjoyed my time at this bank, Due to the smaller workload in our department, was displaced. Typical day was looking at 2 displays and paying the invoices required. Co-workers were fun to work with.","Invoice Processor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 5, 2015","4.0"
"Great place for opportunity","a lot of variety in day to day activity. People are good to work with. Management supports growth potential. Good company to work for","Team Leader","Former Employee","philadelphia pa","October 5, 2015","5.0"
"Great Job","Worked with Marketing Dept, to drive traffic into to bank branch locations to open new bank accounts. Hired 8-12 brand ambassadors to help drive traffic.","Field Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 5, 2015","4.0"
"Some Managers are uneducated in technology","Some Managers are too dependent on technical people and very uneducated in technology. The managers are depending too much on the technical people and delegating too much, so the manager does whatever the technical people say. So in reality the developers have more power than the manager.","NET developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2015","3.0"
"Manage employees at a branch to make banking easier for customers","A development program with supportive management to help you grow and develop into a manager. Several training sessions to help teach about different aspects of banking and the different products and services that the company has to offer.","Branch Manager Trainee Program","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 4, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Review","there are few words to describe this position, you have to experience it yourself to understand. there truly are not many more words to say","Customer Care Center Outbound Sales","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work","fun place to work but there are to many changes to frequently. good management. good co workers. good experience. pays low.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Centreville, VA","October 4, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to work","Really focused on customer service, really cared about their customers. Incentive pays are good for good quarters. Lots of rewards and recognition. My manager was great, coworkers are nice and friendly, my mentor was very helpful and experiences. Maintain good customer service is hard, weekly customer service survey can be stressful.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Illinois","October 3, 2015","5.0"
"Sales","When it comes to an open friendly environment to work in this bank is definitely that. Advancement opportunities are not the best, due to the bank being new to the market. Bonuses were not worth it. One could work like crazy and not receive what their worth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","October 3, 2015","3.0"
"Downtown Pittsburgh"," this bank is a huge operation. Our section with Global Investment Services managed mutual funds which specifically involved preparing Form 1120-RICs and footnote disclosures for their annual reports. this bank decided to open a global investment service section in Pittsburgh in 2008, but then decided to close the entire operation in 2009 They told us that these jobs which were mostly based on the East Coast (Philadelphia and Boston) were ideal for Pittsburgh, but they abruptly had a change of heart and let go our entire floor, roughly 100 workers Regulated investment companies was an short stop during my 25 years of work experience. It wasn't a bad position, but the daily commute to downtown Pittsburgh was typically a 3 hour time period each day, both ways. The parking and food was quite expensive and the traffic/construction/accidents/weather/special events did present some challenges along the way. My manager was among my all-time favorites and my co-workers were very smart and devoted to our responsibilities.","Senior Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2015","2.0"
"I was a Data Entry Clerk and process payments.","I enjoyed this fast-paced position as a data entry clerk. The job was exciting with the high volume of receivables to process on daily basis.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","October 2, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, fun, and warm environment","Imagine fun and working at the same time.....impossible, right? this bank Eastwick center was great. On site lunchroom (not free), on site daycare for emergencies (pretty sure it wasn't free), free parking in a huge lot, near the airport, near 95 and major roads, shuttle picks up employees and takes them to the nearby train (free), etc. As for the work, all the employees are so happy and willing to help and the management was terrific.","Contracted Employee - Data Entry Representative","Former Employee","Eastwick, PA","October 1, 2015","5.0"
"Fun and enjoyable place to work","Fellow employees are always willing to assist others and maybe the job fun. I enjoy assisting customer with their banking needs.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Canton, Mi and Frankenmuth, mi","October 1, 2015","3.0"
"productive fun place.","great place to work. Hours are horrible. great team. GREAT manager. really easy to learn and stay productive. coworkers are friendly. Hardest part about the job is the horrible hours.","Human Resources Recruiting Administrator","Current Employee","highland hills ohio","September 29, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to get experience","Overall, I enjoyed my experience very my in this bank's investment department. My direct manager was easily the best in my career. Upper management doesn't seem to value advisors, considering them as replaceable cogs.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","44118","September 29, 2015","4.0"
"It was okay","ona regular day you would be answering phone calls concerning this bank account holders about overdraft refunds, balances, online banking or any other type of banking question. I've learned a lot about everyday banking and step to prevent an overdraft from occuring. The co workers are amazing and are the most help when it comes to questions, whereas I found it very difficult to find a manager to answer questions or take an escalated phone call. But it pays very well and the hours are decent, plus you have every holiday off. The only downside is you have to be okay with hear customers cry or yell on the phone while still denying their request but if you can get over that your perfect.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 29, 2015","3.0"
"High turnover, questionable practices","In 2014 this bank hired 700 new employees, within 12 months 600 of them were gone. Experienced many questionable practices, particularly with Quality scoring, which I saw as their was as knocking down the bonus one qualified for. Coaches are young and over the top arrogant, not in the least bit constructive, if anything, they drove down moral; management seemed to have their back all the way, no matter what. The supervisor I worked under was noticeably insecure and gravitated to the brown nosers, leadership skills were very almost no existent. Daily Quick Start's (15 min meetings) were welcomed because they gave a moment of relief from being on the phones, sadly the Quick Starts became as daunting as being on the phones because all they were about was applauding for the top performers followed up by a pressure to raise the bar. In order to drive you, you're scores would be posted for everyone to see where you stood in the pecking order. There were lot's of contests to help drive you and ongoing pot lucks. Be prepared to donate, donate, donate. And if you're not the type to run around to be 'In a click', then you were going to be seen as an outsider. Overall this bank struck me as a very paranoid and oppressive organization, top-down. I'm all for hard work, but not having the life sucked out of me.","Multi Channel Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 29, 2015","2.0"
"Productive, Fun, Friendly","I answered questions/concerns about bank accounts. mailed out lost, stolen, and damaged bank cards. filed disputes and complaints for customers. Everyone there was very welcoming and friendly","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 29, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","Love my branch manager and regional manager, because this is a small market its not any room for growth. They definitely expect way too much and do not like to give to employees. a lot of unprofessional people. a lot of cheifs not enough indians","Teller Supervisor Assistant","Current Employee","Chesapeake, VA","September 29, 2015","4.0"
"Very productive and busy","uplifting work place with associates, sometimes work could be overly intense. Over all great leadership ideas, great medical benefits an 401k.","financial banker","Current Employee","whitehall OH","September 28, 2015","3.0"
"I enjoyed the people I worked with but that's mostly it.","The compensation is far below the norm for the same positions at competing companies. The employee turnover is very fast and it's quite impersonal. Even the interview was conducted as a group interview.","CSA","Former Employee","Canonsburg, PA","September 26, 2015","3.0"
"Professional work environment"," this bank is an extraordinary company to work for. There are plenty of opportunities for promotion and you are always learning.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Cape May Court House, NJ","September 25, 2015","5.0"
"Fun Place to work","The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my co-workers and learning from them. There was always something new to learn.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Seaford, DE","September 25, 2015","2.0"
"Enjoyed helping my Customers","I really enjoyed working for this bank for 13 years and was very successful working in Default Management servicing the Private Client Group. I broke records within this bank for the collections aspect to 97%! Almost one (1) year ago, there was a freeze put on hiring and advancement, along with Corporate Re-Organization within the Company. My expectations in growing within the Company was at a stands still. I was in desperate need for a Career Change.","Loan Specialist III","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 25, 2015","4.0"
"A good employer.","A well-managed company with a reasonable work/life balance. Consistently exceeds earning targets. The nation's sixth largest bank.","SVP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 25, 2015","4.0"
"strong sales skills required","This is a very strong company. Strong financial planning and sales skills are required. There are opportunities to grow to middle management in the area.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","September 25, 2015","3.0"
"make credit decisions","Underwrite risk, recommend credit limits, structure and terms. Underwrite commercial client financial performance, recommend financial strategies for owners to improve efficiencies and margins. I have over 15 years working with commercial clients that I truly enjoy. The banking industry has drasticlly changed due to Dodd Frank and general regulations.","Vice President Senior Business Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 24, 2015","3.0"
"Great Workplace","Great work place with lots of opportunities for advancement excellent training opportunities with good work and life balance.","IT Service Management Process Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","September 24, 2015","5.0"
"takes a lot of patients"," this bank is a great company to work for if you don't stay in the same position for to long. The company has great programs for customers an great products. Would look into the workers more for the great work they put in, should be rewarded more.","Fianacial Advisor","Current Employee","whitehall OH","September 24, 2015","3.0"
"Many recent changes","There have been many drastic changes in banking today with technology so today it is more outreach to have the customers come into the bank for appointments.","Manager","Current Employee","Phillipsburg, NJ","September 24, 2015","3.0"
"Company has a long way to go in the Atlanta area.","I was promised one thing, but given another. I feel as though they did a bait and switch with my life. I didn't receive any of the responsibility that I was promised, and office politics mattered way too much.","Assistant Branch Manager Level II","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 23, 2015","4.0"
"productive, sales, and training, interviewing, coaching","Fun place to work. Get to know and meet lots of people. Not a lot of work life balance where I am available for my kids and their needs. Lots of politics for trying to move on in the company. For my particular location there is a great team to work with and everyone is like family and is always supporting and helping each other to be successful.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2015","4.0"
"overall a good place to start to get experience","good work place, management needs more support from upper management, better training for employees. For the amount of money the company brings in, employees should be paid more.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hershey, PA","September 23, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and helpful work environment with excellent reporting officers.","Excellent place to work either in an internship form or full-time. Helpful and nice co-workers who are there to help at your beckoning.","Operations Assistant","Former Employee","Toronto, ON","September 23, 2015","5.0"
"Great work home balance company","• Manage all aspects and responsibilities of the customer service staff in a call center environment for a team of 30 – 50 representatives.","Operations Manager I - Customer Service","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 22, 2015","5.0"
"Too Big to Connect","At this bank it can be hard to connect the large mission of the organization with the front lines. this bank says a lot about finding, developing, and retaining good talent, but the bottom line is that they don't put their money and resources where their talk is. Lately, this bank has been all about cutting expenses and growing revenue. While I completely understand why this is important for any business, the extremes that this bank has taken have limited the ability of its employees and managers to connect and grow. Instead, they've cut employee benefits, salaries for internal candidates are not competitive, and stress on the individual contributor and local managers is through the roof. The first and second level managers care and want to help grow the individual employees, but they are limited by bureaucracy and red tape. this bank is the largest company I've worked for, so my comparative experience is limited. I have given this bank the benefit of doubt for so long, but I do feel they could do much better.","CRR Team Lead","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","September 22, 2015","3.0"
"Fun job but little room for advancement","I enjoy my position with the company on a daily basis. The problem that I am having is advancement within my current department. There just aren't positions available and the ladder is very short. However, I would definitely recommend this position to young outgoing sales personalities as a great position.","Sales Ambassador","Current Employee","USA","September 22, 2015","4.0"
"Great corporation to work for.","The most enjoyable part of my job was working with my co-workers. There was a lot of variety in what I did each day. The hardest part of the job was the extensive amount of changes everyday. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a large corporation.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2015","5.0"
"It was great as RBC","I was an RBC employee and then this bank purchased our bank. I absolutely hated working for them and they knew it. All RBC employees hated them and they slowly tried to get fire us all. I was one of the blessed ones I was able to walk away with another job.","Vault Teller II","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","September 21, 2015","2.0"
"good place to work","good place to work and friendly environment. there were lots of changes that took place while I was there. I worked on multiple projects while employed there.","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 21, 2015","3.0"
"Great atmosphere and friendly people!!","It is a great company to work for!! There is a lot of opportunity to grow there if you want to. The management and my co-workers were very friendly","ATM Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland OH","September 20, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work as long as you are willing to work","I was a financial consultant,csa and teller. my branch in particular had a fun environment due to the team. the company is HUGE on customer service. Its all about taking the extra step. To much work for the pay that is received.","Universal banker","Former Employee","New jersey","September 19, 2015","4.0"
"Good Company but need more promotion from with in.","Overall this bank as a company is not bad to work for. But once you get in to certain positions it is hard to advance from with in or move on to areas that are more interesting.","Operations Work Leader II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, pa","September 19, 2015","3.0"
"Very Driven and productive atmosphere.","You are open to work at your own pace on your pipeline to meet monthly exceptions. With the role at the bank, you will learn loan processing and develop great customer service skills. The staff is very friendly and helpful towards each other to work as a team. The hardest part of the job may be all the different systems to preform duties, but once you master learning...you will manage to go back and forth very quick. The best part of the job, is that I actually get to reach out to customers to help save them money or help them with their hardship.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 19, 2015","3.0"
"good resume builder","great to build resume.. good for recent grads. low base pay. goals are somewhat attainable but in order to get decent payout, you'll need some luck !","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","MD","September 18, 2015","3.0"
"Working at the branch","I had a good experience working for this bank but I felt that employees were not valued enough. It was time to move on and find something else.","Retail Banking Associate","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","September 18, 2015","3.0"
"Best part of my job","The best part of my job is to help the sales team and customer in making sure the services that the customer has request to be setup are accomplished in a timely manner. I enjoy making both internal and external happy.","Senior Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 17, 2015","4.0"
"Overall its a good place to start a career","Best job i ever had it's extremly demanding as an in-store consultant however the payouts are amazing and its worth it .. very long hours!!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","September 16, 2015","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a very different bank. Every year of tuition reimbursement requires three more years of service or you will need to pay it back.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Euclid, OH","September 16, 2015","4.0"
"A very enjoyable place to work and learned a lot working in the International Department","My day consists of scheduling meeting, conferences, travel arrangements order supplies and doing expense reports. The typical day always changed. Left this bank to relocate out of Pittsburgh since I spent most of my working career downtown.","Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 16, 2015","5.0"
"Exposure to the Corporate world and clients","This role introduced me to the relocation business and allowed me to start interacting with many different Fortune 500 clients.","Marketing Associate","Former Employee","Lombard, IL","September 16, 2015","3.0"
"It is an okay job."," this bank is an okay job. The most enjoyable part of the job was working along with my colleagues and learning from them. Management could diffidently be better in my opinion.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","September 15, 2015","1.0"
"Innovative and Caring Company"," this bank has taken on the challenge of growing demand for technology, the need for ease in banking all while keeping a personal relationship with each customer as the company continues grow. As an employee and customer I am proud to provide and share these services each day. A typical day includes filling up each second with customer contact and simplifying their questions, comments and concerns with answers.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 14, 2015","4.0"
"Excellent place to work for advancement and great benefits.","A typical day at work involved meeting of deadlines by processing deposits for large companies and corporations. I learned many different things while I worked there such as data entry, also how to manage deadlines and also management of co-workers. The hardest part of the job was when we had an over abundance of work, few people and deadlines to meet. The best part of the job was the satisfaction in completing the work under these restraints.","Lead Clerk III","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 14, 2015","5.0"
"Loved the atmosphere!","Great serving job! Loved the management and other employees. Had so much fun at work. When I was there it was very short staffed. Hoping that has since been fixed","Customer Sales Associate","Current Employee","Warren, OH","September 14, 2015","4.0"
"Good Culture and people","Greeat Company to work for and opportunity for advancement. Plenty of different roles within the bank industry to find something enjoyable .","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2015","4.0"
"Not the best place to work not the worst","Seemingly very little room for advancement. Genuinely good candidates are overlooked and more work is created than necessary by having to train new hires from zero background instead of pulling people currently working at company","Senior Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2015","1.0"
"Sales driven and customer friendly","A typical at work includes assisting customers with their banking needs. Identifying ways that benefit customers with their financial well being. Working as a team player to drive one common goal.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pontiac, MI","September 13, 2015","4.0"
"great work place","great work place, really liked my manager, liked my co workers, loved helping the customers, was my first job in banking and i really enjoyed working for this bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Elgin, IL","September 13, 2015","5.0"
"Customer Service Representative","Fast paced environment, constantly learning new functions and supports various product groups to help service the customer in a timely manner. Primarily responsible for servicing corporate clients and business clients that have Treasury Management products. The management team is very supportive and provides a monthly review of your job performance. Co-workers are great and really live up to the word team player. The hardest part of the job would be keeping up with the influx of calls that 'roll over' to the department, but self-rewarding when you take ownership of the call to service the customer. The most enjoyable part of the job is providing exceptional customer service to the external customer and or the internal service partner. Overall, the company is growing and offers a lot to their employees.","Client Care Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 13, 2015","4.0"
"Great co workers","The best part of my day was my co workers they were very supportive with helping me at the beginning. The branch I was working in needs a whole new team of management. They were very negative and selfish not understanding at all. Weren't professional with the staff. Threatens your job every chance they got very miserable people they are. The pay was very low pay 9.57hr for a lot of work. Work 9 hours only get a half hour break but the managers work 9 hours they get 45 minutes. Six day work week never have time for anything else but work no overtime they make sure they stretch your hours over the 6 days.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2015","1.0"
"Customer sales and service","Enhanced my skills of handling diverse people. Very interesting place to work. My co workers are very nice. Even though I like working here, there is not many opportunities for advancement in the area of my study.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Lower Nazareth","September 12, 2015","4.0"
"Employees best interest is on the bottom of their list. All they care about are the #'s","Management only looks out for themselves. All they care about are the numbers and hitting the insights button to ensure we're having the this bank conversation with every client. They set unrealistic expectations for workers. There will only be 2 or 3 tellers on a busy day and have the line out the door, and expect you to still try and sell a credit card to someone who is frustrated for waiting in line for almost 20 minutes. Extremely frustrating!!! They're now beginning to push out people who make an average salary of $30,000 a year to give their position to someone who is younger and will do the job for less. Where is the loyalty behind that!!!","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hamilton, NJ","September 12, 2015","1.0"
"Community Bank","Typical banking structure for the Northern Virginia area. Many locations that offer flexibility of work location. Benefits are on par with other banks in the region.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","McLean, VA","September 11, 2015","2.0"
"fun and productive work environment","Working at this bank is challenging but extremely rewarding and a lot of fun. There are a lot of learning and ways you can put skills into place that you build throughout your work life. Overall this bank is a great place to work and very enjoyable to be employed there.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Louisville,KY, 40245","September 10, 2015","4.0"
"Good company, great benefits","Banking isn't what it used to be. Spent a lot of time this last year with not much to do but wait for customers to come in. this bank has a great online and mobile experience, if I didn't work there I would never go to a bank again! Customers love doing banking without the need for a teller which explains the lack of customers.","Teller II","Current Employee","Lancaster County, PA","September 10, 2015","5.0"
"No review","I have not worked at this bank Merchant Services in a number of years, so it would not be appropriate for me to offer a review. I do know that many sales representatives who were there at the same time I worked there have moved on to other employment.","Merchant Services Sales Representative","Former Employee","Iselin, NJ","September 8, 2015","2.0"
"Fun atmosphere. Customers become like family, however pay is low.","Not much opportunity to advance with a company who promotes from the outside but I love being a banker. the customers are the greatest.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","dayton oh","September 8, 2015","3.0"
"Great place to start career in banking."," this bank has a great work culture and it is great for a person who is beginning there career in banking. The ability to advance is great and they are willing to train you so you can grow. The only con is the compensation and working weekends.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati","September 7, 2015","3.0"
"Productive workplace","It was a great place for me to gain many of the customer service skills I still use today. The culture feels like family and there is ample opportunity to grow and expand your future due to the company's size.","Teller","Former Employee","Brighton and Howell","September 5, 2015","4.0"
"What I learned"," this bank does not work well at all with students. Do not like when students need different availability during fall even though you are part time. They are nice people when you say yes to everything, but once they see that you are busy and cannot say yes, they change.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Macungie, PA","September 4, 2015","3.0"
"I enjoyed my interaction with my customers and working with colleagues that made it a fun place to work."," this bank offered great Employee Benefits which included 401K ; incentives, insurance options. It was a fast paced environment with high goal and compliance expectations. It however, has a high employee turn around which made it challenging to have a Job Work and Life balance.","Branch Operational Leader","Current Employee","Grayslake Illinois","September 4, 2015","5.0"
"Have a plan if you are going to work here","For technical positions it has been my experience that this bank is great at allowing time to work from home, and having a work balance that generally allows people to stick to a 40 hour work week. This does come at the cost of nearly non-existent opportunities for advancement within the company, extremely antiquated technology, and highly dogmatic practices that requires a board of upper level managers to review and approval any code change (including 1-line code changes). For these reasons it appears the best employees for this culture are people looking for a secure opportunity that will last them until retirement. Anyone with hopes of career advancement in the technical industry working here must take it upon themselves to ensure they are working on the right type and quantity of projects, and right types of technology, to keep their skills marketable in this antiquated and highly bureaucratic system.","Senior Software Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2015","2.0"
"Branch Manager","You know when you are viewing 5 different reports in order to make another report things are getting out of hand. Not enough time to deal with customers and employees because of all the busy work, redundant reporting and endless conference calls and meetings. Focus on the important things and leave the busy work behind. Too many layers of management trying to justify their positions by creating more reports to do.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 3, 2015","3.0"
" this bank Call Center","Great place to work and is really there for their employees when needed. Great work environment and will work with you to help you understand and to perfect your skills for the job.","Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 3, 2015","4.0"
"Busy and productive workplace","Working here I have learned all of the bank regulations. On a typical day I would have a drawer, and assist customers with currency, checks, change of address, and open accounts. On down time, I would make phone calls. Th co-workers are wonderful, I have worked at numerous branches and everyone is so pleasant.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Caldwell, NJ","September 2, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","A typical day at work is filled with smiling faces and employees ready to assist customers. I learned the banking system and how to identify a financial need and/or benefitfor clients. The most enjoyable part is the customers and getting to know them financially and personally. The hardest part is closing every night and working every Saturday.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 2, 2015","4.0"
"Working with my peers","I enjoy working with my peers that make my day delightful and willing to help others on a daily basis is the reason why I enjoy my job everyday.","Customer Service Team Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 1, 2015","4.0"
" this bank is a good place to work for but, lacks advancement.","If you have a poor manager it will be difficult to build your skills, advance, and it can be difficult at time to work with other individuals.","Methods and Procedural Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2015","2.0"
"Work","Your day can go from dull to busy in the blink of an eye. With time you learn what days are going to be busy and hopefully things can be adjusted. Customers can be demanding but I have learned that there are three types. The first is the accepting of their mistakes and are just looking for explanation as to why. When you fix their problem are great full. There's the it's your fault and nothing you can do makes them happy. Then there's the what can you do for me. Employees, including management have become a culture of watching out for number one at whatever cost. Lately this bank has become a company that see's you as the amount of widgets you bring in not an individual no matter how hard you work","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lakewood, Ohio","September 1, 2015","4.0"
"Great team of teller and front line associates","The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them. Business wasn't very busy except the day before a major holiday.","Teller","Former Employee","New York, NY","September 1, 2015","4.0"
"The establishment itself was very professional","A typical day at work was counting my drawer and assisting customers with transactions. I learned a lot about funds and transactions, management was very professional and understanding. My co-workers were very helpful and kind.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Good place to work","I worked here for roughly a year and a half, it was a good place to work at first then it became too stressful because of the short staff.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Ellwood City, PA","August 31, 2015","1.0"
"Productive","The project was to design and develop a Portfolio Management System for this banking and Financial Services Business. The system provides enhanced Business Process Management (BPM), new Portfolio Reporting System for High Net worth Clients and Credit Risk Management. Earned Good Experience in financial domain related skills.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Life at work","I work in a tight nit branch. I have been lucky to call this bank my home for the past five years. In working as a teller, I have learned many things. I have learned the value of helping customers achieve their finical goals. I have learned the key to a successful work environment is helping one another. In a typical 8-hour workday I have the opportunity to relate to the customers I have gotten to know over the years and see how their weekend was, and what the coming weeks is bringing them. Being a positive person is key in making my work environment enjoyable.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Jefferson, MD","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Jack of all trades","Constant increasing expectations without compensation to match. Overall decent company but expectations always conflicting between time to work on investment piece of business and requirements to fill buckets on bank side.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","USA","August 31, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun place","It ranges from production support to project work and every day is a different challenge. I learned a lot from working at this bank my co-workers where great.","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Quick advancement and quarterly incentives makes this a great company to work for!","Working for a busy branch and due to our location it makes it less challenging to meet our goals Typical day consists of quick starts and engaging customers and team members to exceed brand expectations. The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting different people from all walks of life. Every day is a different experience when dealing with the public. Hardest part of the job is the commute to and from work due to traffic in the area.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Metro DC","August 30, 2015","4.0"
"Unrealistic goals for sales in low-income areas","Nice company for benefits and salary, not very much support from management when facing complex issues with productivity. Not a team environment, lots of red tape.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2015","3.0"
"Competitive, Challenging, Rewarding quarterly incentive","A typical day at work includes problem solving, assisting my customers, sales, and customer service. I have learned a lot about problem solving and dealing with all types of people. Management stresses providing exceptional customer service. The hardest part of the job is calming down angry people, but it also gave me the opportunity to really listen and defuse the situation. The most enjoyable part of my job was helping my customers and getting to know them.","Relationship Expansion Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazo","August 29, 2015","5.0"
"Limited management support considerable amount of red tape.","Strong values that were developed by the employees of this bank years ago. Work life balance is key to the success of the employees. Typical day at work includes engaging both the operations and sales partners together to provide exceptional customer service to our borrowers. The hardest part of the job is not having the proper products to get the customer approved.","AVP Processing Team Manager","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 28, 2015","3.0"
" this bank is a great place to work. this bank provides the opportunity to excel and provides the ability to have work life balance"," this bank is a great place to work. this bank provides the opportunity to excel and provides the ability to have work life balance. this bank is the 5th largest bank in the united states and is located mainly in the eastern half of the united states.","Treasury management Officer","Current Employee","Sarasota, Fl","August 28, 2015","4.0"
"Fast paced company"," this bank Mortgage was a very fast pace company.The hardest part of the job was knowing you could not help everyone save there home.The enjoyable part of rhe job was knowing that you just made their day giving them hope . r","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 27, 2015","5.0"
"High Pressure sales","Customer based company with sales as your goal. Immediate manager was great to work with. I love helping people meet their financial goals but making sales goals was very difficult for me.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Arnold, MO","August 27, 2015","3.0"
"Nice place to work for","Everyone always worked as a team. Management always gave an helping hand as needed. It was a pleasure providing excellent customer service.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 26, 2015","3.0"
"No too Dificult Not great pay","Not too difficult of a job. Pay sucks. Instore branches want you to go up and down giant aisle to attempt to ask customer for accounts","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","August 26, 2015","3.0"
"Teams were very close knit."," this bank call center was a fun but at times very stressful work enviorment. We dealt with 100 different customers with 100 different issues or requests every day. The fact that we were behind the scenes and only customer service, we were only able to do so much, dealing with people and their money and not understanding how the process works, it wasn't always possible to make the customer happy. I have a stronger understanding to these processes when it comes to my personal accounts, it also gives me a greater respect for the customer service represenitives that continue to do that type of work.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 25, 2015","4.0"
"n/a"," Book Keeper, duties included: filing checks, running the encoding machine, prepared customer statements and answered customer inquiries. Operates the express and business windows. Balances the ATM machine and vault; and orders cash and coins for the branch. Supplied tellers with cash along with supplying cash to various businesses in the local area. Performed teller supervisory functions as assigned. Cross-sells this bank products to banking customers. Assisted the Cash Balancing area with assistance on bank branches out of balance with strict adherence to the established procedures and guidelines. Processes customer deposits, withdrawals, loans and IRA payments. Supplied input to branch manager regarding employee evaluations","Reconcilement Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2015","5.0"
"1st project","Responsibilities: • Formulated Test Plans based on requirements gathered by Business Analysts. • Drafted Test Cases based on the Test Plan and used cases by the clients. • Uploaded the requirements, developed test cases, linked the test cases to requirements, executed test cases, and tracked the defects in Quality Center. • Involved in Functional, System, Integration, Regression Testing of Ab Initio graphs. . • Involved in preparing test data to test the functionality of Ab Initio graphs.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 25, 2015","4.0"
"• Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, INT, QA, UAT and Production.","• Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion support for different projects. • Responsible for Branching and merging the code as per the schedule.","Build and Release Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2015","5.0"
"This company needs help.","The only pro for working for this company is the pay for customer service representatives. This company however lacks employees in their call centers which makes it hard for both the employees and the customers who have to wait on the phone to speak with someone.","Core Services Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 25, 2015","2.0"
"Great place to work and co-workers were fun!","I think the only thing I would change is the management because the company needs new fresh ideas. I think management tends to micro manage the employees which cause stress in certain departments.","Remarketing","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 24, 2015","4.0"
"It was ok place to work at first then more work and no more pay and worse hours","This was a call center and advancement opportunities were not there.You were on the phone speaking to customers about there default mortgages and available","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","miamisburg ohio","August 24, 2015","4.0"
"A great place to work, and the trainors are very talented","I overall enjoyed the work experience, and all the co-workers, and supervisors quite a bit. I do admit I had a concern over a family member, and did not have enough tenure to take Family Medical Leave actually.","Professional customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 24, 2015","5.0"
"Very employee friendly","Management was very supportive of the employees and stressed communication. It was a very positive and enjoyable place to work. The enjoyment came from how great all of the people were within the entire area.","Vice President","Former Employee"," this bank N.A.","August 24, 2015","5.0"
"A+ company with great staff","Great company, solid management and had some great colleagues that helped the team grow. A vast amounts of task that kept everyone challenged and on their toes. Truly enjoy working at this bank.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 24, 2015","5.0"
"Ensuring my teams numbers were hit and morale stayed UP","Upper management was very detached and teams were expected to achieve the unattainable goals which really created a negative work place branch management was great from my experiences. But turnover and performance as a region was sub par not the greatest environment to work in.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","August 23, 2015","2.0"
"I would highly reccomend this bank to anyone interested in working in Financial Services","Working at this bank was one of the best work experiences, as well as one of the best, if not the best work environment that I have ever been in. The incentives were excellent as well.","Core Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, Encourages internal advancement"," this bank has definitely helped my career, I started as a part time teller in 2008 and have worked my way up the chain. this bank endorsed me for my professional licenses.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","August 22, 2015","5.0"
"Read carefully before considering","If you are young and innovative with ideas you might not want to work here. Management is full of individuals with a superiority complex and will take credit for every good idea you have. You merely become a puppet to their agenda. If you like to go to work and keep to yourself and just maintain the flow that becomes short lived as some like to stir the pot. It's a great bank but human resources needs to step in at some point and realize how much talent is being lost. The culture amongst non exempt employees is phenomenal, the best I have ever seen. The bank president is an everyday guy that shares his wealth of knowledge, just wish he weeded out the wolves in sheep's clothing.","Pinnocio","Current Employee","Gest Street","August 22, 2015","1.0"
"Great place to build your skills for advancement in the workplace","inbound/outbound calls via a dialer system called catch to take mortgage pmts. set payment arrangements to prevent possible foreclosure. my co-workers are like my family. we develop a close bond because of the time we spend together at work. the atmosphere is but management could assist better with developing better morale","EIS Team","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 21, 2015","4.0"
"Good Place overall","Aside from some constant reorganization which seems to be common place anymore, this bank is a good place to work overall. Management at least in my division is extremely flexible with work life balance, wfh etc.","BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","4.0"
"Good Place to Start","This is a good place to get started as a full time job. They offer good benefits and the hours are great. Much room for growth if you want to stay in the banking industry","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Tallmadge, OH","August 20, 2015","3.0"
"great place","variety of customer requests and transactions, including, but not limited to: check cashing and deposits, loan payments, product explanations and being able to identify opportunities to refer to the sales partners within the branch.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 20, 2015","5.0"
"Manager","60-70 hour work weeks, very inconsistent. Very misleading and management is very secretive. Although it is stressed that you are in an open and honest work environment it constantly feels like someone is out to get you and stab you in the back.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Michigan","August 20, 2015","2.0"
"Shady business dealings","Bad from the first day as far as compensation and management but the people there were very decent. Never again would i consider spending another day within those walls.","Outbound Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 20, 2015","2.0"
"Great employee recognition","Good employer to gain valuable experience. Good employee recognition and reward/award program. Would recommend for anyone fresh out of college.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 20, 2015","3.0"
"Great job tools, convenient to home, great benefits & advancement opportunities","High stress job, lots of hours, excellent pay, great co-workers, great work place conditions. Good management, can use improvement.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 20, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work","This is a great place to work. There is room for advancement and management is helpful. They also include you in decisions made. I would recommend.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","There is room for advancement. I would recommend this to others in gaining experience during their career. This is a good place to work","Product Client Service Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","5.0"
"fun place to work","Adhere to all reconciliation and balancing procedures and consulting with customers on bank products and services Routine transactions include balancing accounts, scanning checks, making deposits and withdrawals, receive and verify loan and mortgage payments, selling and redeeming savings bonds, and auditing the branch Handle a variety of financial services as well as accounting systems","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 19, 2015","3.0"
"Great company to work for","Overall the company had a lot of positives to offer. Great benefits, positive work environment, decent management, and efffective training programs.","OFAC Document Review Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 19, 2015","4.0"
"Great company that treats employees very well"," this bank offers a lot of great job opportunities in the banking industry. They are a great company to work for that provide numerous positions that offer fair hours which helps with work/life balance.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","August 19, 2015","4.0"
"II enloyed meeting with companies and decision makers in Frederick.","I really enjoyed working at this bank, I was promoted very quickly from a teller to a personal banker within six months. As a personal banker, I was given the opportunity to work with businesses and decision makers to provide benefits and discounts to their employees. I eventually moved to business banking, after 18 months and I always felt that this bank invested in it's training for their employees and we were able to deliver the best service to our clients.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 19, 2015","3.0"
"Amazing Company to work for"," this bank is a great fortune 500 company to work for, especially if your looking for a place where you can grow. This company really does care about its employees.","Multi Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 18, 2015","5.0"
