5150,"Great Place to work where employees become friends.","A typical day at this bank would entail the installation and troubleshooting of local and remote desktops/laptops. I have learned a great deal about Network support in my 15 years at this bank. Management seems very knowledgeable and genuinely care about employee advancement. I have worked with a great group of people at this bank and would call all of them friends. The hardest part of the job is not being able to help a client due to hardware failures or necessary policy restrictions. The most enjoyable part of my job is the joy I get from helping people every day.","Technical Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
5151,"Great co workers but no room for growth","they expect you to make phone calls even with clients coming in to open accounts. They prefer appointment only and expect 15-20 calls everyday","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hinsdale, IL","June 11, 2015","3.0"
5152,"Calm and comfortable environment","Foot traffic in banks is slowing down as online banking becomes more popular, so it was a bit slow working in the actual branch. Customers were generally very friendly, co-workers as well. Management...well it depends on who you count. My direct supervisor was a bit passive aggressive and rude, very loud and intimidating. Her superiors were very nice, and very understanding of my scheduling needs and availability. I guess depending on the location, you may either sit at your computer scrolling through the same news feeds day after day, or you may be on your feet running back and forth for hours. Hour long lunch breaks, VERY nice. Shifts were reasonable, and it was fantastic to have every sunday and most of saturday off. The hardest part of the job was training, considering it was 55 miles one way to get there and lasted about 6 days. Miles were compensated, no issues or hassle there.","Teller II","Former Employee","Howell, MI","June 11, 2015","4.0"
5153,"well run, poorly paid","good culture, respectable management, considerable training available, but company is like a training ground for other firms. this bank takes great effort in hiring and training good people but seems to have a difficult time retaining talent because they refuse to pay at a competitive level.","Institutional","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
5154,"My Job","I am currently a loan support analyst to where I work in the host system and changed the system to show the modification that the customer applied for. At times, the job is not hard but can be stressful. The team that I work with is awesome and are willing to help each other out if need be. Management is laid back and very easy to talk to. It can be hard to get the coaching and development that is needed since they are all in meetings.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
5155,"Don't even waste your time","Don't even waste your time...I did and will regret that I put in almost 2 years of my life that I will never be able to recoup again. From branch management (or should I say lack of?) all the way on up, I just felt like it was an out of control 3 ring circus each and every day. The only thing that really an truly kept me going was my client base even if they were unwilling to commit to new solutions more often than not. I did not force solutions on them even that seems to be the accepted norm.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 10, 2015","1.0"
5156,"Open to employees opinions"," this bank was a nice place to work but advancement was slow and not consistant. Great leaders in place to try and help you as much as they can.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 9, 2015","4.0"
5157,"Not my cup of Tea","Not much to say about the company management was not supportive however customer treatment was great. Training was very informative however this can be a cut throat job due to it being a sales job","Supervisor","Former Employee","Fayetteville, GA","June 9, 2015","2.0"
5158,"Our bank was purchased by this bank and did not make our team feel welcome!","Managed several stores and handled business development. Former bank was fantastic; however when purchased by this bank they assumed that none of us knew how to do our jobs. Hardest part was listening to co-workers that were hired by this bank an only in banking a few months telling me my 15+ years of banking did not mean anything. Most enjoyable part was finding another opportunity and being able to tell this bank goodbye!","Sales and Business Development Manager","Former Employee","Virginia","June 9, 2015","2.0"
5159,"Good place to work/ decent pay","Overall this bank is a good place to work. The retail banking enviornment is stresful in general and this bank is no different, but this bank pays it managers well and the compensation plan was lucrative when I was there. I have heard it has changed though","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 9, 2015","4.0"
5160,"Great place to work!","Great place to work. Everyone worked extremely hard and they were great to work for. They really valued your work life balance.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, Ohio","June 8, 2015","5.0"
5161,"Productive","I Love working in the Call Center environment. I'm a team player, so lover working a Group of people everyday to achieve our goals.","Customer Consultant II","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 8, 2015","4.0"
5162,"Awesome banefits","Nice to work. However one particular manager, she always on people case. was not considerate of other peoples feelings. she would start insulting ad downgrading you in front of other colleagues. The top manager didn't care because hi to busy sleeping with the employees.","Senior operations Specialist","Former Employee","Richardson Tx","June 7, 2015","3.0"
5163,"Horrible. Uncaring. Slave Drivers. Sell sell sell!!!","Do not work here. Just don't do it to yourself. It's not worth the aggravation. Regional and distract managers don't care about you. They will not promote you or advance you. You will make 11.00$ an hour for as long as you work here and will be expected to run the office as the only teller on the teller line and make referrals, perform cold calls, provide great customer service, do atm demonstrations, maintenance the atm machine, order supplies, count the money accurately, get surveyed, meanwhile management plays on their computer and cell phone making triple the pay of what you make. You are a machine and cannot even pay your own bills. It's disgraceful that a company who makes so much money pays so little and will hold you back when you try to post out. Your job in banking will soon be outsourced by technology. Find something better, it's not at this bank. The CEO changed a few years ago and this bank went from caring about their customers to harassing them about products and services they don't want or need. Unless you want a telemarketing sales job don't put yourself through it.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","June 6, 2015","1.0"
5164,"Great!"," this bank was wonderful to me. The management is very supportive and it is a great learning environment where growing is encouraged.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","June 6, 2015","5.0"
5165,"Great work life balance","I am currently employed as a Quality Analyst assigned to Business Banking Service Department. My typical day includes listening to conversations for my assigned teams and providing quality feedback and coaching comments to help meet the company's standards What I have learned from this position is the ability to analyze situations and provide feedback to help the consultants have stronger conversation making sure to promote the this bank Brand. I have strengthened my time management making sure I can meet all necessary deadlines and daily productivity goals The hardest part of my job is that it can be very stressful to meet productivity goals with work load while also being available to Team Leads to answer questions and also attend/lead conference calls as scheduled The most enjoyable part of my job is that I feel that my job is very meaningful and that I help to make an impact on the consultants I evaluate as well as the this bank customers making sure that we are delivering exceptional customer experiences and providing constructive feedback on opportunities to achieve this goal There is great work life balance in my current position with my manager being very focused on personal well-being and the impact it makes in the workplace. We are very engaged group and there is an equal trust between co-workers and management that each member of the team performs to their best abilities.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Work from home","June 5, 2015","5.0"
5166,"this bank","Responsible for providing exceptional customer sales and service while exemplifying this bank's brand of Ease, Confidence, and Achievement.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall,Ohio","June 4, 2015","3.0"
5167,"Copacetic environment with video games for break and lunch relaxation"," this bank was very good with training specific to a SPOC's role and Freddie and Fannie Mae guidelines. Management was very sensitive to any personal or professional needs that may affect your performance and always maintained an open door policy Most enjoyable part of job is the interaction with the client and being able to resolve that client's issue timely and effectively. However, it is never easy to to advise a client their request for a retention or liquidation option had been denied. My coworkers are all seasoned and willing to assist in any knowledge exchange or back log scenario and management is equally willing as well. A strong team ethic is apparent and management certainly encourages it. A typical day at work would begin logging into the dialer phone system, CATCH. Any inventory of voice mails would need to be return called per standard and file notated first in the early am. Incoming calls would need to be researched and resolved with the file notated as well. Client contacts for trial modification would need to be made to ensure timely payments were made in the late pm via Western Union transaction and with appropriate notation to the file. At this bank I learned detail specifics of the mortgage servicing industry, the importance of keeping a smile on your face when talking to an internal or external client in a high paced environment and how the industry can change.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 4, 2015","4.0"
5168,"Overall Satisfied","Good place to work. My department very flexible with work/life balance. Room for advancement. Friendly co-worker. Great community programs.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2015","5.0"
5169,"Working in the basement with no windows was a big adjustment"," this bank was my first full time job. A typical day consisted of picking up the mail at the post office then sorting it and distributing the mail, followed by processing savings bonds and Abington heights taxes.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","June 3, 2015","4.0"
5170,"high paced, detailed orientation environment full of diversity","As a teller primary responsibilities were to accurately process daily transactions while consistently creating an excellent customer service experience; Helped to build new client relationship; Ensured that requirements such as Bank Secrecy Act and Anti- Money Laundering protocols were consistently being implemented; Identified customer needs and referred financial products and services; Kept a proactive knowledge on key policies, procedures, products and services; Replenished Branch ATM","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 3, 2015","5.0"
5171,"Great company to work for","Had a lot of fun meeting new people and helping them everyday. I had good hours, pay was good. Great company to work for, employees to management. Busy main branch. Dealt with a lot of businesses and large sums of cash of a daily basis. Helping all type of customers and their individual needs. Management was always flexible and worked with me if ever a personal matter came up and needed to be addressed Strengthened my customer service and cash handling skills, also was always very friendly and helpful to customers, face to face and over phone. Always made sure to follow up with customer till everything was satisfied completely.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","June 3, 2015","5.0"
5172,"Great place","Great customers and coworkers, family like setting. The referrals are the hardest thing but when feeling comfortable it comes easily.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","June 3, 2015","4.0"
5173,"this bank"," this bank was a great company to work for. They had flexible work schedules. It was a great work environment. They provided great training classes.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 2, 2015","5.0"
5174,"A nice place to learn and excel","Work was enjoyable, except company/management wont sponsor visa for even highly qualified foreign associates. Management is nice, co-workers share knowledge and learn from each other.","Informatica Administrator","Current Employee","cleveland","May 31, 2015","4.0"
5175,"Enjoying my work, with little work pressure","Most of the time I am doing office work due to work pressure. I learnt many things from this project like mainframe file reading, server related activity, communication with different Team. The client is also very happy with my activities towards the project. Management is good, but cross functional activities is more. My co-workers are very good in internal communication in project work, they are very helpful and we are enjoying our work. When from different projects, change request comes, then we all started working as a Team to this work.","Production Support work of Banking Project","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 30, 2015","4.0"
5176,"Enjoyed the job and people.","I really enjoyed my job very much, and the people were great. My supervisor was outstanding. I was noticed for my hard work. We were all treated equal, and exceptional chance for advancement.","Data Control Specialist","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","May 29, 2015","5.0"
5177,"Refresh Technician","Nice environment with people that understand you are there to help them. Coordination with end user make my job much more pleasant.","Senior Refresh Technician - Mortgage/Bank","Current Employee","OH","May 29, 2015","3.0"
5178,"Great workplace and employees"," this bank was a great company to work for. I enjoyed working with everyone I came across. I worked in different branches across the cincinnati area.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 29, 2015","5.0"
5179,"My branch manager was amazing","If the branch manager is good, then this bank is a great place to work. If he/she is a poor manager, it's a miserable place. The benefits are top of the line for that pay grade.","Teller","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","May 28, 2015","4.0"
5180,"Productive and fast paced enviornment","Working for this bank was a delight. Encounter with clients and being able to engage with clients to meet their financial needs. Also to try and meet financial goals.","Teller","Former Employee","Bensalem, Pa","May 28, 2015","4.0"
5181,"Positive fun workplace","A typical day at this bank consist of me get my work area setup then its time to do my jobs processing work . I learned the process it take for customers to receive there funds.Had the best co-works they helped me nand also teached me a lot","Sorta Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 27, 2015","4.0"
5182,"Productive and fun workplace","The opportunity to connect with people and the challenges that comes along is what I love most about my job. I have been in the customer service industry for the past three years particularly in retail stores. My most recent experience is in retail banking where I have the opportunity to work with a great team of which at the end of the day we strive to achieve one major goal and that is customer focus. My real strength is attention to detail and do right at the first time. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to assist customers and provide appropriate solutions to their inquires quickly and effective.","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 27, 2015","5.0"
5183,"n/a","I really enjoy working for this bank. The core value of the company keeps me wanting to work there. The company really stripes to keep work and personal life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","May 26, 2015","3.0"
5184,"Do not work here"," this bank only allows you to move up 3 pay grades at a time. They support the gay pride parade every year. This company's management style is they love to micro manage you.","collector II","Current Employee","OH","May 26, 2015","3.0"
5185,"Typical Day"," this bank Mortgage is the principal subsidiary of the this bank , Inc. Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, this bank offers consumer and corporate services in over 2,500 across America. this bank Mortgage "Formerly bank N Mortgage) is the mortgage division of this bank BANK. Acquired through the bank N deal, this bank Mortgage is credited with the first mortgage in the States. Major tasks were developing and maintain for DATAMART, Creating packages, Package tuning, Optimizing Indexes, Views, Stored Procedures using PL/SQL.","Oracle Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburg, PA","May 26, 2015","4.0"
5186,"Good learning experience","Great training program, accountable for individual production, great managers and a great company to learn from. This company is still growing and has a large customer following.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","new jersey","May 26, 2015","4.0"
5187,"Fast Paced","Great boss & co workers but had to sit in chair the whole shift while keying in the same position and it was a third shift job which was very hard on me to get used to.","Data Entry","Former Employee","Hunter Hill, Rocky Mount, NC","May 25, 2015","3.0"
5188,"Draining place to work.","I transferred from a this bank customer care center to a branch location in another state! I have been in my new environment for a very short time (1 month) and can already feel the pressure of management for sales production. Although the morale of the employees is very low at the customer care center, outbound sales level...the morale of the employees at the branch level is extremely low. There is a severe disconnect between service partners within the company (branch/experiential team) Absolutely no work/life balance. I gave my manager my cell number the first week of starting...I thought for emergency purposes, but I've been receiving off the clock group text messages (before and after work) inquiring about sales and how the sales for the next day better increase... for the last 2 weeks The training for an internal transfer from a customer care center to a branch is ineffective. Although sales and sales conversations are similar, branch operations (security, policy and procedures) are very different. I was given some web-based training, that really had nothing to do with my new role and I am now expected to be a pro at the branch level as a universal sales consultant. I also found out through other employees and now receiving emails from people I don't even know, that I am expected to volunteer off the clock time to events that are happening within the community, to get the this bank brand out. Yes, I will be compensated for these events, but they are usually nights and weekends. So I would be expected to leave work after a full 8 hour workday and set up shop at another location - more...","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 23, 2015","2.0"
5189,"Good company to work for but not secure","Good company to work for but not secure. High pressure It does teach you a lot about banking. Good programs for the clients. But very tiring for the employees","Senior Workplace Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","manassas VA","May 22, 2015","2.0"
5190,"Fast paced bank with great coworkers.","Fast paced bank focused not only on building strong customer relationships but also on ensuring that all employees are treated fairly. Management made sure you had all the tools needed to get the job done plus would speak to you about opportunities to grow in the company and your overall development. Coworkers are great, varying personalities and generally a great environment to work in.","Peak TimeTeller","Former Employee","East Orange, NJ","May 21, 2015","5.0"
5191,"The best work experience I have ever had.","During my internship, Performed audit services for First Energy, Ohio Edison Connection, Transstar, and Novelis. Observed risk assessment protocol related to the generation and distribution of energy for consumers Partook in meetings with those charged with governance to discuss internal control over financial reporting. Participated in substantive procedures and tests of details related to cash accounts, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. Worked 50-60 hours per week throughout internship.","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","May 21, 2015","5.0"
5192,"Good Pension bad company progression","There where many ups and downs to working for this bank, but the pay is a down the benefits is an up. The company dose suffer from lack of communication across all job functions but has been trying to improve that with training across departments.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","May 21, 2015","2.0"
5193,"Productive work environment with opportunities for advancement.","Typically my day begins by opening the branch, going over our plans for the day with each other so we know who's doing what, communication. From there my day consists of calling clients, assisting clients who visit the branch, doing outreach events during the day for the community. My direct manager is great, our regional manager gives very inconsistent goals and expectations. I'm a firm believer that in banking, there is a balance of sales and operations. If the branch is operationally sound, things run smoother, safety is upheld and we can produce more effectively. However, any time we tried to ensure all team members had an equal opportunity to spend time on operations, we were scolded. So my direct manager is outstanding, this bank upper management is not supportive or understanding. I will give an example, I had serious back surgery 3 months ago, I was out for a month. I received a phone call from my regional manager questioning whether I had cleared that leave with my manager....not how are you feeling, but simply scolding me. I filed for leave well in advance, notified my manager who gets correspondence from this bank leave. So to me that was completely out of line. To even think I took a month off and told no one was absurd. One of the things that drew me to this bank was the fact they preached about a work life balance. I've found that is truthfully not the case. There are constant events that we are asked to attend outside of normal schedules, nights, Sundays (Mother's Day)......things that are not possible for me with a 2 year old daughter and my wife being a FT nurse. - more...","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","May 20, 2015","1.0"
5194,"My history with this company is long standing. I'd like to continue to increase my skillset and grow.","A typical day at work is fast paced with many responsibilities to help us to provide exceptional service. We make our main goal to offer products and services that represent our brand as well as best suit the needs of our customers.","Fraud Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 19, 2015","4.0"
5195,"this bank Teller","I loved working as a bank teller dealing with the public each and everyday. you would meet new people everyday and you always had had to have a smile on your face at all time no matter what you may be going through. if you had a bad transaction with one customer you had to shake it off fast and get over it for the next. Loved being a bank teller and dealing with the public","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 19, 2015","5.0"
5196,"this bank Call Center","Working in a call center was a fast past fun job, talking to over 80 customers a day not knowing what the customer needs help with you have to be ready at all time. You have to assure the customer you will help them with their problem and after the phone call is over your problem you called in about will be too, keeping the customer relaxed at all times","Call center this bank","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 19, 2015","5.0"
5197,"Culture","The environment was a great place to work at. The focus of improvement and change was astonishing. Technology and compliance was a main focus on improvement in leading the industry. Overall great ethics and kept busy.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 19, 2015","5.0"
5198,"The people that worked at this bank made the job fun","I like working at this bank. I liked what I did. I worked well with others and my managers. There is not much really to say about the job. I liked working in the encoding department.","Check Encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 18, 2015","4.0"
5199,"Good leadeship and friendly enviornment","Busy day. Always active. Good learning enviornment. Policy and procedure work enviornment. Communication is very important. Hardest part of the job is balancing your task with customer demands which change daily.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","May 18, 2015","4.0"
