"Strong company, good benefits, wide range of positions and career options"," this bank is a great place to learn and grow. They do a great job helping you succeed, and giving you most of the tools need to drive business for you branch.Great experience with coworkers.With training and experience everything becomes easy and manageable.Getting to know new people and having new friends is enjoyable.","Financial analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 24, 2012","5.0"
"Retail Banking is Dead","Avoid retail banking, not just this bank. The industry is dead. Branches are visited by the types of customers you don't need! Run from retail banking!!!!!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Burlington County NJ","July 23, 2012","1.0"
"n/a","The hardest part of the job is to stay kind and sweet while being berated and cussed out by borrower's.","Collector","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 23, 2012","3.0"
"It's Okay","It's an okay entry-level position. You do have to deal with management running the branch as if it were their own and not the company's. Besides that you do have to posses the ability to provide excellent customer service.","Bank Teller Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 23, 2012","3.0"
"Career Advancement","Very busy call center, good training in terms of account selling.","FINANCIAL SERVICE SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2012","4.0"
"Fun workplace, and fast paced","I am on the phone constantly with customers assisting them with their financial needs. Managers are very supportive and understanding and there to answer and help with questions anytime. I have learned a lot about finances and banking. Co workers are great and very welcoming. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping customers with their needs and helping them understand banking.","CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","kalamazoo, mi","July 22, 2012","4.0"
"Great company to work for","Great company to work for, management and culture are excellent. Banking staff needs to be more involved in business and education.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","July 22, 2012","5.0"
"Productive Workplace","Very Fast Paced Call Center.Good ManagersVery Friendly Co Workers","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","State College, PA","July 19, 2012","5.0"
"Unfair,unprofessional","The department was divided because at the time system conversions were being made. Those of us that were hired under the old system were required to do all of the unconverted clients work no matter what then help others with the converted system. But If the new system users completed work they were sent home, and never assist in completing the old work.I Learned if you were the bosses favorite you worked less. The managers were helpful except my direct manager was a bit immature, and would literally run and hide behind our desks to escape his BOSS (The site Manager) on the production floor.The Job was simple and not hard at all","Receivables Prep Clerk","Former Employee","College Park, GA","July 19, 2012","4.0"
"Highly professional, but also VERY welcoming. :-)","I think this is the only Job I had, that was SO FUN to go to. Maybe b/c 3./4 of my co-workers were all college students, but I didn't know anyone coming in, and left w/ a handful, + of friends and associates.I learned 'behind the scenes' (basically when you call your bank for questions about account info, CD's, IRA's, etc...I was that person). So challenging, but worth it. You felt a sense of worth.Management is awesome. Got to meet the Regional President and Director a few times. Mgnt sure knows how to pick the right candidates for the job. Friendly, challenging, and team players.Love it....so serious.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","State College, Pa","July 18, 2012","5.0"
"Good Place to Work"," this bank was a had a great work/life balance plan. They cared about their employees and making sure they had time for their families.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Former Employee","Bedford Heights, OH","July 18, 2012","4.0"
"A nice job for a person who wants to jump start their career","The job was hard at first, but then after a week of training and being supervised, I learned how to work a 10-key numeric machine. If work was not done, co-workers would help others if no others checks were left.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 17, 2012","4.0"
"productive fun work place with a great attitude","The hardest part of my day is stopping. I multi-task very well, while staying organized with the tasks that are handed to me. The most enjoyable part of my day is working with co-workers.","Retail","Current Employee","monongahela pennsylvania","July 16, 2012","4.0"
"Fun Place","Loved working for this bank great values, not enough people to cover","WorkPlace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Palm beach","July 14, 2012","4.0"
"Very unhappy","I did not like going to work. I worked part time as a teller and I felt as if they did not like me. This particular branch, the women were very snobby!!! The manager hardly ever cracked a smile and a lot of two face going on daily. Very unpleasent place to be, even part time. :(","Part time teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","July 11, 2012","2.0"
"Great, fast and friendly place to work","This is a great and fun place to work. Fast pace and good friends.","Teller","Current Employee","Sandusky, OH","July 11, 2012","5.0"
"A Bank","IT'S AN EXCITING TIME TO BE PART OF this bank,which has been named one of the 25 Great Workplace Award winners by Gallup (2011) and one of the 'Most Admired Companies' by FORTUNE® Magazine (2011). Join our workplace, where success means contributing to growth, enjoying teamwork and being recognized for great work. Choose from a variety of career options, in areas such as asset management, commercial and consumer banking, mortgage lending, technology or other corporate functions.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 11, 2012","5.0"
"Great Company to work for.","I love working with the people in my branch as well as my regional manager! this bank is a very advanced and competitive bank and makes it easy for customers to bank with them because there is so many ways to do your banking.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbia, SC","July 11, 2012","5.0"
"productive and customer friendly enviornment","Branch is a very busy branch where we are customer friendly always. We always make our customers feel special. We are required to cross sell products on a daily basis .Management is always available to coach and help in any issues.We work as a team with all the co workers.Best part of my day is being able to help a customer with any concerns. Hardest part of my job having to be on my feet all day.","Teller Banking Service Representative","Current Employee","Berwyn, IL","July 10, 2012","4.0"
" this bank Wealth Management","A great institution that grew too large too quickly to provide the level of service expected by a top tier Private Bank and Wealth Management firm.","Senior Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2012","3.0"
"In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","A typical day takes its cue from the high energy and fast pace of a supermarket environment. You initiate conversations with shoppers in the aisles, and use these opportunities to build awareness and then sell a variety of this bank products or services. Over time, you also have the opportunity to develop strong relationships through customer profiling and needs-based selling.","In-store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","July 10, 2012","5.0"
"Good comanny","Teller Supervisor: Manage and perform teller transactions in the areas of checking and savings deposits and withdrawals. Schedule, mentor, and train tellers. Execute cash audits for tellers and vault. Order and distribute cash from Federal Reserve Bank. Balance Teller accounts. Conduct credit and fraud analyses; investigate and resolve account/transaction discrepancies, errors, and omissions. Ensure compliance with Federal, Bank, and security policies.• Identified opportunities for cross-selling of value-added bank products and services, and qualified referrals to team members across multiple lines of business.• Consistently attained minimum 4-star Customer Service Excellence ratings every quarter.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Emerson, NJ","July 8, 2012","3.0"
"Great Company","Lots of growth opportunity, good benefits and strong leadership","MB Banking Sales","Former Employee","Plymouth, MN","July 6, 2012","5.0"
"There was alwasys a Challenge","Working at the bank was a constant challenge. Issues would always arise which meant we had to be on top of our games as problem solvers and leaders. This environment really set aside the men from the boys.","System Analyst III - Officer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 5, 2012","4.0"
"respectful atmosphere, and a team environment","I loved going to work, I would start my day by checking on my 8 employees and making sure they have everything they need to start their day. If not, i reconciled these issues. I would start my own responsibilities, and do my individual tasks, but was routinely helping out my team with issues, and even my management when they were overwhelmed! The most enjoyable part of my job, was I was BUSY!!! I love to be busy and I love that I was able to do many jobs, so when someone was out, I could fill in, and my department did not fall behind, The worst part of my job, was when we closed the doors and saying goodbye to people who I became friends with and many whom I respected!","Assistant Customer Service Supervisor","Former Employee","Boston, MA","July 3, 2012","5.0"
"A potentially great company that has grown too quickly to keep up with the big banks and still relies on its antiquated infrastructure and management.","I was originally very excited at the opportunity at this bank. It took quite a while to be onboarded into the company and even longer (6 month) to be assigned my book of business. My team helped me along more than my manager and they are truly the only redeeming quality at this bank. I began really working my book in January and we were told an incentive/structure change would be taking place shortly. It didn't happen until March and completely flipped the way we were incentivized upside down. The most frustrating thing is over a half a year later they still don't have the reporting necessary for us to do our job based on all of the changes they made for 2012. I could go on and on about our systems and all of their issues but I do love helping my clients and making a difference. I have been recognized as a top performer so even though I still don't know where I stand I have been told that I am doing the right thing and doing it well. As far as the company they do things to make you feel proud at times. Their 'Grow Up Great' commitment is wonderful and they really do put thought and innovation into their retail product line. But then the branch systems are prehistoric and nothing is in real time. The branch positions are too closely layered to make sense to the employees let alone the customers. The line of business partnerships are all very one sided or completely non-existent. I really do want to make this bank work for me but I don't think it will ever happen.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","MI","July 2, 2012","3.0"
"Decent THEORY, no practice.."," this bank as a whole is still going through many changes as a company. While they are a heavy-hitter in the Financial sector, they do not top the list for places to work.A typical day at work for a teller: Arrive; process transactions throughout the day accurately; meet quotas for a wide variety of products; balance cash on hand accurately.I learned more than enough Federal Regulations, and working with numbers on a daily basis, you can't help but get better at accounting.My co-workers were all pleasant, the co workers that had had ten or more years of experience were welcoming with loads of advice and stories, the co workers that had been a recent addition were only around for about 4-6 months and either quit or were let go. I had been told by customers, different sections of management and former co workers, that there was a VERY high amount of turn over. And there is.Management in this company varies. Upper level management is cordial, but they are running a business of numbers. Branch-level management is tricky-hidden agendas are prevalent, petty egos, not all of the managers in charge are qualified, some of them should have retired when the love went out of the job. Applicant beware if you like your 40 hours drama free.I won't go into details about my personal experience, but my manager looked the other way for customers on many occasions, including when they were ABUSIVE to the staff and was VERY bias about refunding fees. In my branch, my co-workers and I had a difficult time figuring out what was expected of us as employees because it constantly changed.You COULD end - more...","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","July 2, 2012","3.0"
"Good corporate values, but difficulty advancing","Fair benefits/compensation but mixed direction for advancement.Contradictory statements from management about career path.Does not see value in higher education.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 1, 2012","4.0"
"nice coworkers","I loved working for this company, benefits were good, co workers were nice, and a quiet place to work in. I would work for this company again. The only think I wasn't used when I started with this company was that since it was a call center. how much security there was. and everything you did was tracked with your computer and ID cards. It di make you feel like the company didn't trust anyone. But I would still work for them again. I loved my job and the people that I worked with.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2012","4.0"
"Great company to work for. offers good 401K plan, health plan, great help.","This company is one of the top companies to work for in my opinion. They offer a good benefit package even if you are part time. I loved working for the company, I just didn't like the position I was doing.","Sales","Former Employee","clifton, Nj","July 1, 2012","5.0"
"Job details","I was in charge of setting up the phone systems in the morning for receiving incoming calls for wire transfer. Incoming money transfer are called to business and customer when received. I learn to be patience and compassionate with my customer and co workers.The hardest part of my job was making sure the overall work process at the end of the day for outgoing and incoming wires.I enjoyed a challenge and love solving problems","Wire Transfer Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 1, 2012","5.0"
"Productive and fun with great advantages and benefits.","Working for this bank was a great experience to learn the ends and outs about the financial world. The most enjoyable part was meeting and networking with others.","Promotion","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 27, 2012","5.0"
"Productive Mortgage industry","My typical day at work includes submitting bids to the investor for properties that are in default. I learned that work that is outside the investor guidelines has to be submitted for approval in order to insure that we protect this bank's interest in the property. The bank ensures that we met our goals and reach deadlines.","PROPERTY PRESERVATION SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 27, 2012","4.0"
"Terrible company to work for","Try to avoid this company for employment. They are a great bank to have as your bank, but a terrible employer. I worked in a call center, and while I understand there are constant changed in call centers and banking, this bank just overdid it. There was constant change and they expected you to adapt immediately to the changes. Every few months we'd be purchasing another bank yet this bank could not afford to give our call center eating utensils and plates and napkins to eat our food. I worked at home from just under a year and was brought back because of 'performance issues'. I was told I would be able to go back if I improved, however I was never given the coaching time needed to improve my skill set. They don't care about their employees. They recently acquired RBC Bank in the southeast part of the country and since the purchase, our call center is now closing down because it's cheaper to pay those who work in that region. Just an overall terrible company to work for. Absolutely terrible. The managers working there had no clue how to run the place.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","June 26, 2012","1.0"
"Great manager and department to work in","Enjoyed the job and the people I worked with during this time with the company.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","June 26, 2012","4.0"
"get a job somwere else. mc donald would be better.","operations specialist"Former Employee not a nice place to work for. they treat you like you a five year old.. menagement think only of them selfs. they would sell you down the river .just so they could get a head.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol and that does not mean lots of luck","operations specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","June 26, 2012","2.0"
"Great customers and wonderful coworkers","A usual day consists of helping hundreds of customers with day to day banking. Aside from typical banking we assist them with we also have relationships with the customers, know them by first name and can have friendly conversations with them. Working next to coworkers and management is a delight. Probably the most enjoyable part of the job is the friendliness that is exchanged between customers and amongst the coworkers. There are difficult aspects of the job, one of the most difficult is encountering fraud of any kind.","Teller","Current Employee","Beavercreek, OH","June 26, 2012","5.0"
"Learning and fun workplace.","A typical day at work was doing different types of transactions, like deposits, withdrawal, cashiers checks, account maintenance etc.,I learned about being courtesies to all the customers, handling cash properly with full attention so I could settle at the end of the day without any shortage or overage.My co-workers are quite understanding. They used to help me if I have trouble with any particular customer or account.The hardest part of the job was to pay full attention to the cash handling and answer responsibly to the customer's questions.The fun part was meeting lots of new people everyday and interacting with them.","bank teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 26, 2012","4.0"
"Overall was a good place to work.","I loved working the second shift. The benefits were good. I enjoyed working with my co-workers in the department in which I worked. There wasn't anything that was hard about the job. Management did provide good training for the positions that I worked. The most enjoyable part of the job was my working hours.","Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 25, 2012","3.0"
"Concerned with image, not employees","I worked for the call center in their business department. I would get screamed at relentless by customers and scolded by QA for not being more sympathetic. The training was not up to par either. You're trained for a month before you're on the floor, however if you take on any other department functions, you get maybe a few hours.","Business Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 25, 2012","2.0"
"ok place to work","bad hours 3pm to 2 am quiet no talking rule. attendance policy was very strict could not miss any days at all for 1 year.","Medical Claims Processor","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","June 25, 2012","2.0"
"Good place to work for a short term. Not many opportunities for career growth.","A typical day at work would consist of prospecting business customers, by way of computer generated leads, cold calls, and onsites. I have learned many new aspects of business life cycle mgt, business lending (underwriting) and cross sell techniques. Management performance is different from region to region, depends on were you are.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","June 25, 2012","3.0"
"Depending on your position it is an average place to work","While I did enjoy the type of work that I performed I felt that the Management didn't encourage atonomy and lacked consistent communication.","Project Specialist - Lockbox Network Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2012","3.0"
"Productive work enviroment.","Provide customer service to clients. Offer products and services to customers to help them with their banking needs. The hardest part is sales for me.Most enjoyable part of my job, is getting to know our customers.","Teller","Current Employee","Sparta, NJ","June 20, 2012","5.0"
"Dependable work place","Reqired to work under high stress situations and short staffing. I have learned to manage people and keep a balance of happiness and accountability. My co workers are fantastic. The hardest part of the job is the constant change in policy and procedure, though it is not unmanagable. The most enjoyable part of the job is the knowledge of knowing that I am needed and respected for my position.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Grove City, PA","June 20, 2012","3.0"
"horrible place to work"," this bank does not care about it's employees one bit. All they care about is the shareholder and the fat cats in upper mgt","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago","June 20, 2012","1.0"
"Banking Industry","No comment, adding a review will breach company confidentiality agreements.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 19, 2012","3.0"
"Teller","Summer Job, it was a busy day with careful handling of cash and customer service","Teller","Former Employee","Trenton, NJ","June 19, 2012","5.0"
"Unloyal morals","Very good company and corporate relations but fellow staff and management have no problem slandering names and lieing about past employees. Their so called ' branch family' doesn't matter when it comes to speaking up for promotions.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","June 18, 2012","2.0"
" this bank","A great employer. Management is good. The hardest part of the job for me is the limited advancement for this company. the most enjoyable part of the job is interactions that I have everyday.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 17, 2012","4.0"
"Great place to work","Loved working at this bank, great working environment, fun, fast paced, seen lots of customers everyday, had a great superviser and great employees to work with.","Teller","Former Employee","Logan, OH","June 17, 2012","5.0"
"Great company to work for","After a 6 years with the company I have nothing bad to say, they are are great company to work for and offer many employee benefits.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Keyport, NJ","June 17, 2012","4.0"
"Do as you are told and you will advance well."," this bank is a very good company to work for. The benefits are outstanding. There is room for advancement as long as you apply yourself. They are very strict on inherence, talk time, and tardiness. Quality customer service.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 15, 2012","4.0"
"Great Company","A typical day is all the same. You come in do your work and go home. They don't like you to talk so its kept to a minimum. They really don;t care about your personal issues.","OPERATION ANALYST 1","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 14, 2012","3.0"
"productive place","great company and people. work was very fun there and enjoyed working with the customers","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","June 14, 2012","5.0"
"Excellent company to work for - room to grow and move up","Loved working for this bank, as a contractor I worked for this bank for about 10 years. This company is a growing company, caring for not only their employees but also the community. I enjoyed the most is working and interacting with the different departments - the people for the most part are very professional. The are a hard working group. It was a growing experience for me and I learned so much in the processes. The hardest part of the job is losing good acquaintances and co workers as they move on to better positions within the company. this bank strives to continually improve and grow and are real survivors in the midst of all the other banks folding up or getting caught in bank scandals.The downside to this bank at this time is that they have not set up shop in the Southwest part of Florida where I currently moved to. If given the chance, I would definitely love to work for this bank again.Please, Please this bank - COME ON DOWN!!","Bank Security Site Supervisor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","June 14, 2012","5.0"
"Excellent Company to work for","Lots of opportunities to earn commission, Great team of people. Opportunities to learn everything about the company and advance.Provided excellent customer service. Management was very hands on.","Customer Service Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2012","4.0"
"Flexible work schedule, dedicated co-workers","Job is fast paced and fun. The different projects each year are similar but always varied based on information sent in by clients.","Financial Specialist I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2012","4.0"
"Great benefits, few layoffs.","Overall, this bank Mortgage has proved itself to be a very solid company. I have learned a lot while working there.","Call Quality Evaluator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2012","5.0"
"back up head teller full time teller","Customers were somewhat pleasent got to know many new people learned a lot used it to my advantage but as far as working for this bank, horrible management does not listen to their employees about customer service who handles customers day in and out, they don't understand what the customers really want they go by a gallup to review their employees which is silly they basic the entire branch off of a gallup instead of hard work and customer achievement and word of mouth, always works short staff go through managers like you go through socks, the pay is horrible, they don't treat their employees with respect, management makes the job more stressful the it is, most enjoyable part of job is some of the co workers you grow to care, and everyday customers but this bank really needs to get it together starting with how they treat their employees, so if your looking for just a job with some what ok hours not to good of pay just to kinda of get you by this bank is your job but i would not go full time the job and pay is not worth it part time is ideal for this job. Also they give new rules almost everyday and the head teller and managers change them when they want or use the ones that benefit them as need. And again the pay is a joke. And minorities get less money go figure horrible job. just ask any teller oh yea wanting you to stay later because they are short staffed but then asking you to cut your time because they allow no over crazy want to take your time away from your life and family but don't want to pay you for it cheap cheap cheap, only keep there part timer at 26 hours, no matter if they are going to have help for their full timers or not leaving you by yourself alot of the day to handle customer do the atms and the vault and everything calling customers. Also not holding the employees that are not doing their job well accountable making the entire team suffer for one or two people. I'm just happy Im gone most people who leave pnc move on to bigger and better things and i am one of them. i didnt want to give them any star but the system makes you","backup head teller full time teller","Former Employee","delaware","June 11, 2012","1.0"
"Nice place to start","good experience for customer service40/hr work weekMy most enjoyable part was helping customers with their issues.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stroudsburg, PA","June 10, 2012","5.0"
"Great company, lousy pay","My manager and co-workers are the best I have ever worked with. this bank offers nice benefits and is really good about encouraging a nice work/ life balance. The only downside is that the entry level pay is lower than any of the other banks in my area.","Retail Banker","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","June 8, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work. Life balance sensitive","Great people and environment. Training for all levels is provided.","Accounting Supervisor II","Former Employee","Valley Forge, PA","June 7, 2012","4.0"
"not a bad place to work.","I was a peak-time teller so I had up to 20/wk. My branch was nice to work at. Because I was peak-time, I had no benefits. They really worked with their employees and helped them to succeed!!","Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 6, 2012","3.0"
"Fast paced call center","A typical day at work here is very fast paced. I worked in the credit card department, where we took inbound calls. These calls would range anywhere to as easy as giving a polite person their balance to problem solving and working with upset customers.The management and co-workers here are friendly, but you will not have much time to interact with them as most of your day is spent on the phone.","Credit Card Services","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 5, 2012","3.0"
"Nice Place to work."," this bank was a nice place to work but no room for growth in location I was working in.The hardest part of the job was rules changed without notice in time to process work correctly.The most enjoyable part of the job was when it was enough work to make 8 hours a day.","Receivables Processor","Former Employee","College Park,GA","June 4, 2012","5.0"
"Best management and co-workers I have ever experienced","Typical day at work was well managed, with sufficient amount of work that would make you feel accomplised but not stressed. Load leveling in busier times was well managed. All employees and management were treated with respect. Your opinion mattered.","VP Credit Administration","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 4, 2012","5.0"
"Last place you should want to work for.","My co workers were a good group of people. Management for the most part was good. Beware that the video cameras are not only there to watch customers but to also use against the employees if a certain person in HR feels you have done something wrong. They use them against the employees for minor infractions and can get rid someone.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lebanon","June 4, 2012","1.0"
"Pulled Files","Pulled files from mainframe and ran through a internal program for processing.","Output Support Team","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 3, 2012","4.0"
"Positive work environment, open to growth and advancement.","My co-workers as well as management are always concerned with my growth and well being when it comes to working for the company, which makes it easy for me to go to work everyday.","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, Florida","May 31, 2012","4.0"
" this bank","The organization is keen on letting its consultants be frightened about their jobs all the time. The organization allows for the management, coaches, etc to tell the agents how they can be fired on a daily basis. When someone has had to leave for a family emergency or comes in late due to car troubles, it is marked as a full absence and you are written up for it. It seems as though the organization does not really support its families and what their outside lives may entail.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 30, 2012","2.0"
"interesting project","Wrote SQL queries to pull the back end data and did automation testing by executing the written scripts in QTP","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 30, 2012","4.0"
"Amazing","Financial Sales Consultant Maintain satisfaction on new and existing customer. In charge of collecting and writing account history on negative accounts. Responsible for reconciliation of banking statements. Handling client's money and helping them make accounting and investing decisions. Responsible for keeping and passing an audit.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","State College, PA","May 30, 2012","5.0"
"Good job to start with","Co-workers were pleasant. Atmosphere was good. Customers were always friendly. I've learned to be more detailed in things I do.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","South Orange, NJ","May 30, 2012","4.0"
"Fixing problems","This was just short term. Basically I went in to the banks with my other team members and replaced the old towers with new updated towers.","Contractor","Current Employee","New York, NY","May 29, 2012","2.0"
"Great values, slow on compensation","Compensation not competitive over the long tenure. You must move either inside or outside the company to get a good increase in pay, regardless of performance.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 29, 2012","3.0"
"Good Company, lots of advancement possibilities","Investor Services Sr. Level Manager - managed group of approximately 20 employees for operations, client services and accounting of mutual funds and hedge fund products. Handled both corporate and high net worth clients. Managed all vendor contracts for outside production of private data.","Alternative Investments","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 29, 2012","4.0"
"The Ultimate in Employee & Customer Engagement","Ease, Confidence, and Achievement!!! this bank focuses on keeping it's employees engaged and happy, with the understanding that we carry this with us as we interact with customers and act as brand ambassadors. The value I brought to my clients in the Business Bank, $1MM to $10MM was centered around my ability to quickly and efficiently analyze a businesses operational model, cash flow, and understand where those things intersected with banking. A checking account is a checking account, however the ability to offer sound advice and build relationships with my clients that demonstrated a genuine commitment to helping them grow and prosper...this is what this bank business banking was about form my perspective. My manager worked diligently to give me the tools to be successful, particularly around credit analysis. HE also was very cognizant of work/life balance and maintaining our engagement around the teams strengths. The most rewarding part of my job was the the relationships I cultivated with clients and teammates and being able to be counted on as a valuable resource for the solutions to problems I provided.","Vice President Business Banking","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 27, 2012","5.0"
"'Just a job'","My time in the mortgage industry had it ups and downs.At times, I loved my job, helping people buy their homes etc was a huge plus, but the micromanagement and buy outs etc were quite stressful","Specialty Lending Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"I love my job but I am looking for career advancement","I have been a teller for over 8 years and I want to use all I have learned from the teller/ banker positions","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Kitty Hawk, NC","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"It is a mass production shop","A good place to work. It is a mass production shop. $3,000,000 and under","Credit Risk Management","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 23, 2012","1.0"
"Wire room attendant","This was a very rewarding job. If you can keep fast pace and stay efficient this is a great opportunity.","Wire Room Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"Volitle work environment","I applied for a sales job in 2009. After several months of follow-up emails and calls, I was told that the position I applied for was recalled. I was offered another position and within a month that position was recalled.","Sales","Former Employee","Mortgage Lending Services","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"My Opinion On this bank!"," this bank as a whole has it's problems. Treats it's employees horribly and doesn't care one bit about it's customers. All the benefits that they tell you about the company are mostly for Pittsburgh employees only. Management is the worst! Never giving any news and NEVER there to help!! Always getting to some sort of trouble example; having customers on hold for to long waiting for a department to help you. Not selling enough. They do have an AMAZING training program I learned a lot. It would have been better if the computers worked.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 22, 2012","3.0"
"a lot of stress and expectations without solid support","a typical day can last 8-12 hours, depending on which branh you work in. you are on your feet all day and generally the branch is under-staffed. the customers are great, but management isn't the most supportive. the sales are difficult to make, but once you make your numbers, its a great feeling. There is a lot of poor communication within the company about job responsibilities and it is not a very consistant work enviroment. The enviroment is sales and it can be cut throat. I have learned that you should not trust a big corporation to really care about you in the end. you don't really matter to them when push comes to shove.","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","PA","May 22, 2012","2.0"
"Over worked and under paid.","I would come in pass out work. Sign macros, answer questions. Help open work for distrubution. Attend meetings, Conduct meetings. Key checks, Correct transactions. End of the night audits and reports. The most enjoyable was the people. The hardest part of the job was lack of people to do the job.","Subject Matter Expert","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 21, 2012","3.0"
"Great training and work environment","I like working for this bank and the personal attention that they give to you to help you try to advance. The culture is very customer centered and based on great values. Within my one year of working I have started to see the focus slowly move from customer relationships to new client acquistions.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Dulles, VA","May 18, 2012","4.0"
"A Great Company To Work For","A typical day consisted of cashing checks, balance inquiries, and selling product. I have learned banks have an important job that effects customers, the business, and the world. My management was very helpful and understanding. My co-workers were pleasant to work with. The hardest part about my day was explaining to customers rules and regulations not just by the bank but the federal part as well. My most enjoyable part was meeting new people.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Tarentum, PA","May 18, 2012","5.0"
"Productive in production setting workplace","I was the department coordinator. I manged all work being processed and made sure we did not miss any service level agreements. I learned how to manage my fellow employees and came up with ways on how to improve the work pace. The hardest part about my job was being in a production setting, you never know what the day is going to be like. The most enjoyable part was we never had a dull moment at work.","Work Lead Coordinator","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","May 18, 2012","4.0"
"Document Services","They offer some training for employees, a benefits package, vacation based on time worked there.","Collateral Team Member","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 16, 2012","4.0"
"n/a","Diagnosing and repairing problems both hardware/software.","Technical Analyst II","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","May 14, 2012","5.0"
"Very Proffesional, Fast-Paced, and Team-Spirited Environment","-Process monetary transactions for customers.-Offer products and services to customers.-Supervise and coach employees.-Pull and review daily operational supports and report to upper management.-I learned important supervisory and coaching skills.-I learned how to organize and maintain confidential files.-The management was extremely helpful and supportive in all aspects of daily operations.-The most difficult part of the job was selling/referring customers for bank products and services.-The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with the customers and being able to assist them with their problems and concerns.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Turnersville, NJ","May 14, 2012","4.0"
"Great Starter for employment.","Company gave me my the experience of the typical seeting of a corporate office.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","May 13, 2012","4.0"
"Professional atmosphere","Professional work environment with highly engaged employees.","Trust Operations Unit Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 12, 2012","5.0"
"Not a bad organization to work for","Great place to work, however, it is a giant tree of micromanagement.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","May 11, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyed interacting with co-workers and clients","Responsible for the attainment of targeted branch sales goals, correctness of platform audit information and documentation, and timeliness of branch sales promotion. Processing loans and keep all customer information confidential. Filled in for branch management and teller line staff as needed.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","May 10, 2012","4.0"
"Great coworkers","Great people and very flexible. Working for a large company can make you feel very little.","Analyst","Former Employee","New York, NY","May 10, 2012","4.0"
"I am looking for an organization where I can flourish. A place where I can use my skill set to help the organization as well as myself grow.","I work predominately for the high new worth reporting group. I support four regions, over 30 Investment Professions and over 7000 accounts. I manage the relationship with our reporting vendor to insure that our performance reports will deliver an accurate sophisticated picture of the client's portfolio. Not only do I enhance the reports currently in production, but I work with Investment Advisors to create new reports that would benefit the client. Most Recently I have created a Private Equity report which captures the Investment Rate of Return for these assets.","Senior Performance Measurement Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 7, 2012","3.0"
"Great company to work for.","Assisted Regional Manager by supporting the fifteen branches within region. Trained all new incoming Regional Coordinators and new managers. Paid invoices for all fifteen branched i was responsible for. Preparation and maintenance various Microsoft Excel reports. Supported each branch with staffing needs.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","May 6, 2012","4.0"
"The people and management are wonderful people. i'm so glad I met them."," this bank is a wonderful company. They take care of their people in ways I wouldn't of imagined. I loved working with the people I've worked with. The most enjoyable part of the job was working in the drive up and getting to see the same customers just about every single day. I will miss them.The hardest part was how slow our branch was. It was hard staying busy everyday.","Teller II","Former Employee","Ladue, MO","May 4, 2012","4.0"
"Decent workplace environment","I had great management, however unfortunately lately they have been hiring externally more than promoting internally. Also several co-workers have been let go due to minor kyc violations. assistant branch managers are being laid off in regions and communication is horrible.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Woodbridge, VA","May 3, 2012","3.0"
"Never Overworked - But Allways Underpaid","I fairly laid back work environment. Management allways respectable and do their best to keep everyone happy. Limited advancement apportunities.","Credit Risk Analyst IV","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 3, 2012","4.0"
"Productive Development Opportunity","Great career development opportunities, will allow you to seek other opportunities within the company. Will provide resources to perform everyday job duties","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","May 2, 2012","4.0"
"Fun environment to work at. On certain holidays the company will celebrate with employees","The day starts with me signing on to outlook to respond to all outstanding e-mails. The phones immediately start ringing with request for information or scheduling appointments for my boss. I may have to reconcile her expense report. Make travel arrangements for outside meeting. This would include making overnight hotel acccomdations. I usually have certain projects that are ongoing such as setting co-workers up to have access to research tools that would help them with projects that they may be working on. Update a master calendar of events. The hardest part of my job sometimes is trying to get information from some people inorder to complete a job assignment. The most enjoyable part of my job is completing a huge project sucessfully.","Events Coordinator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 1, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, caring, fun, place to be employed","After being employed with customer service for over 7 years, I learned a lot of patience, to mutli-task, compassion, made a lot of great friends and built a great relationship with management. I also worked on our corporate support and help desk which allowed me to opportunity to deal with the bank branches, loan officers, high end customers, our help desk allowed me to opportunity to be a team-lead to help out reps on the floor, and make supervisory decisions when it came to customer situations. I eventually moved on within the company to take on new skills and became a mortgage insurance processor. This department was the total opposite, I don't have to deal with customers, i don't have to talk on the phone at all. I have the ability to work at my own pace but still have productivity and quality standards to meet. I really love this department and my co workers; I enjoyed learning FHA/HUD processes and about MIP insurance. It gave a new aspect on the mortgages, and the company. It allotted me the opportunity to gain new knowledge and experience.","Mortgage Escrow Specialist - FHA","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 1, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work","Ease, Confidence, & AchievementVery family friendly companyRanked top 5 places for working mothers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","April 29, 2012","4.0"
"Good company with great potential","Investor Services/Operations Mgr for staff of 15 to 25. Every aspect of Mutual/Hedge Funds operations.I learned EVERYTHING about mutual funds from the ground up. I was given a great opportunity by some great leaders.My co-workers were the best. We were on cohesive unit, company wide on attaining the nbr. one company.Hardest part of the job was the endless hours, holidays, nights, weekends, vacations.Most enjoyable part of the job was delivering first class service to the client, and they extremely happy with our service","Alternative Investments","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 28, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Daily communication with business clients in regards to their checking, savings, and loan accounts. Management is great in solving problems and co-workers make each day extremely enjoyable. Some difficulties associated with the job are obscure questions asked by clients, but utilize coaches and managers make it easy to find resolutions. The most enjoyable and rewards part of the job it satisfying customers needs on a daily basis!","Business Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 27, 2012","5.0"
"one of the best banks to work for","The most important thing is customer relationship. The goals are good and not impossible to achieve. Schedule is kind of hard, especially not being home all day long, however the team is great in working around days off.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 26, 2012","5.0"
"Hard work","Working at this bank has given me very valuable experience in the banking/financial field. I have picked up valuable skills such as good time management, attention to detail, critical thinking, and problem solving. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to help customers with their financial needs/wants.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Royersford, PA","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Good place with great people to work with","My time at this bank was made enjoyable by the people I worked with, very personable and made me feel at home while always willing to help me with whatever questions I had making that aspect of the job very positive. I learned to not sit back and expect to be told what to do but take iniative and ask what it is that is expected of me. The only negative I could really say was, and this might have only been my department, their complete disorganization and lack of communication leaving me to feel very much in the dark as to what was going on and what I should be doing almost my entire stint there not to mention that management left a lot to be desired. She was never available and slow to respond to any inquiries we might have, in her defense she had a lot on her plate but for that reason she should have never been the sole manager and go to person responsible for such a small department as she was very out of touch and clueless as to what went on with us.","Financial Consultant Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Good company to grow if you are willing to stand a pressure.","Company will give you a chance to grow with avarage of working compansation , be ready not to have your persinal life.","AVP","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work, great people","My years at this bank were productive. this bank treats it's employees well, they have a great incentive program and health care package for part time employees. The flexible work schedule is great for working parents and for someone who is attending school.","Module leader","Former Employee","Moorestown Nj","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Not the best company","To much favoritism in this company! LOw pay! Not the most friendly environment... Catty co workers","Teller","Former Employee","philadelphia, pa","April 24, 2012","1.0"
"Fast paced working enviroment","I conduct teller transactions as well as cross sell products. I had to meet a daily goal and be able to work in a fast paced enviroment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Clinton, MD","April 23, 2012","5.0"
"it has a great atmosphere! love the people i work with","Great company... room to grow within company. Gr. Great at compensation. Co-workers are great to work with.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","kalamazoo,mi","April 23, 2012","4.0"
"Great Company with amazing benefits/Growth","Endless commission depending on how hard you want to work, Management goes to bat and backs up all employees to the best of there abilities","Teller","Current Employee","Crystal Lake, IL","April 23, 2012","4.0"
"The workplace is a fast paced organization with a very diverse staff willing to assist each other to achieve successful results an an organization.","A typical l day at work sually begins with determining how much work is due to the day (in accordance with Standrda Leval Agreements previously set forth). Throughout the day the workload is monitored, any escalated issues from Client Servcies Officers are addressed, I atten various any meetings and assist my staff with any cahllenges they may encounter.The hardest part of the job is managing my time. The most enjoyable part of the job is satisyfing the clients and upper management.I have learned that there is always room within yourself to grow.","Unit Manager - Correspondence / Financial call-outs","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","April 22, 2012","3.0"
" this bank Review","As an intern I would work on projects that were given to me from Sr. Management. The projects would include running Nassau reports as well as worked on the SOX team and helped the SEC to proof read some reports as well. Management was great to work with and they were fair. Hardest part of the job was when I had to leave, because I loved the job so much I was really sad when my internship ended. The most enjoyable part is that I stayed busy and loved working in the Regulator Reporting dept. the finance part of my job was great.","Finance Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 21, 2012","4.0"
"Customer Service","I worked in a private branch in a retirement community where personal relationships are a must. Most seniors enjoyed the convenience of having a personal private branch in their own community. I learned to treat the elderly with patience and compassion, as well as seeing a business and a relationship opportunity on every issue. Management was excellent. We did a lot of cross training with our employees, which made our job fun and interesting. The hardest part of the job was probably closing the branch late, since we constantly had clients coming in. Sharing conversations with the elderly and listening to their advise.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Silver Spring, MD","April 20, 2012","5.0"
"Awful, awful","A wasteful company that doesn't pay its employees enough to actually live in the city limits. But it can afford to have a food truck driving around town handing out hot dogs to homeless people.Unrealistic expectations + low pay and terrible benefits DOES NOT equal happy employees.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago IL","April 19, 2012","1.0"
" this bank was a fun place"," this bank was a great place to work for. A Typical day at work began for me by opening the branch and signing in to my computer and getting the bank vault opened and count the money taking care of the atm and many more things though out the day. Management was some what easy to get along with. My co-workers were great to work with most of them. The hardest part of my job was telling non clients that they couldn't cash a check written out to them because they didn't have an account with us. Most enjoyable part of my job was my customers they were awesome.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Montclair, NJ","April 18, 2012","4.0"
"Rewarding career.","During my banking career, I served in a number of roles working as part of a team as well as independently. The last ten years of my employment were in a telecommuting role, working as a float analyst, participating on projects, and serving as a liaison between the transportation courier service and bank branch personnel in Illinois, Missouri, Florida, Kentucky and Indiana.","Float Analyst","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 18, 2012","4.0"
"Great Job, no advancement","no advancement in this company. Good work life balance. Great benefits and 401K","Consumer Lending Account Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 16, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyable company","10-key position and balanced accounts great work setting and friendly co-workers","Balance Clerk","Former Employee","Birmingham,Al","April 16, 2012","5.0"
"Run for your life from this company","Meager compensation. Awful management. HR supports upper management, not the worker bee. They say all the right things, but the corporate environment is horrible. Good luck ever getting managerial support or a decent pay raise.","Asset Management","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 16, 2012","1.0"
"Review","I only worked here for 17 days due to my position being eliminated with the purchase of another bank. This bank treated displaced employees with great respect.","Sr. Project Manager - IT Planning & Governance","Current Employee","Rocky Mount NC","April 16, 2012","4.0"
"Good pace to work, same as Washington Mutual","Washington Mutual bought out this bank. I really enjoyed working for them. Management was very good, everyone helped everyone and the work was completed.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","April 15, 2012","4.0"
"Sad Story","If you want to be treated like a child and work for a robot than this bank is for you. It really didn't take long for new employees to learn that they were not going to be happy and I have never see so many people leave after only working for the company 1 month. Its sad because legacy bank N employees really loved the old company and also legacy this bank employees would agree that it was a better place to work before the merger. I think they really just got to big to fast and management is not able to grasp it.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Central Ohio","April 14, 2012","1.0"
"Great option for advancement!","Was a great company to work for, would recomend. Pay was good for area. Would have given 5, but management a little slow on getting things done for employees. Advancement is done by work performance not time with company, which was great for me!","Tech Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 14, 2012","4.0"
"East Charlotte Site Closed"," this bank was a great place to work. It had good hours and management in place. The East Charlotte Site grew rapidly and I progressed quickly. The downside is that the site closed after i had been there for about a year.","Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 13, 2012","4.0"
"Not a very good job"," this bank has a very cusotmer service centered culture. I work in the sales area of one of there call cneters and hate it. they have no sales focus at all even my incentive as a sales rep is partly based on customer service. they also pay quaterly incentive at very low rate. I worked for National bank before we merged and was much happier.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","PA","April 13, 2012","1.0"
"Not the greatest!","I loved my job far better when it was bank N. I am so happy I am not there anymore. I put in ten years there and got nothing in return. It seems that once this bank took over, things got really bad. They are or seem to be 'weeding out' former bank N employees so that they can start over with newer (and cheaper) help. Management at the branch level was not understanding AT ALL!!! Co-workers were very nice, friendly, helpful and understanding. I remember one time when the power was out and the managers, including the regional manager, made us all stand outside in 100 degree temps..One person ended up getting sick and I personally get heat stroke..to them it didn't matter..They said to go outside to talk to people and let them know there was no power and that we were closed! (Seems ridiculous when we could have just put a sign on the door!)","Teller","Former Employee","Illinois","April 12, 2012","2.0"
"A job I will not forget","Words can not explain I've learned a lot working with this bank they just need to work on their commutation skills with their employees a lot better","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","April 12, 2012","4.0"
"great place to work","i enjoy doing what i do there. its great meeting new people as well as constantly creating conversations with existing customers","Teller","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","April 11, 2012","4.0"
"Originated home mortgages for applicants","Trained in mortgage origination for the Tulsa area. It was an office of approx. 8 people. Enjoyed the customer service aspect of the job.","Mortgage originator","Former Employee","Tulsa, OK","April 11, 2012","5.0"
"Strong, thriving company","I have learned to dig deeper and push harder, attention to detail and customer focus in the role of a negotiator.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 10, 2012","3.0"
"Productive work place , very structured and goal oriented","Excellent company values and overall vision provides direction for employees. very structured atmosphere, lack of communication from upper management. Branch employees are scored weekly based on customer service. they keep staffing to a minimum and avoid any overtime","Teller supervisor","Former Employee","Akron, oh","April 8, 2012","3.0"
"Very productive branch","This was a very busy bank branch. I loved everone I worked with. We all helped each other when there was a problem or concern.","Teller","Former Employee","Rydal, PA","April 6, 2012","4.0"
"A company where you can get a lot of variable products.","I like that they still have a free checking account. Now a days you don't find free checking accounts.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","630 Barnes Blvd Rockledge, FL 32955","April 5, 2012","3.0"
"Was an ok to work when it was RBC Bank this bank bought RBC back so my job changed and I don't currently like what I'm doing","A typical day at work is I come in and get on the phone to call customers to collect on overdrawn checking accounts. I learned a lot when it was RBC Bank.","Recovery Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 4, 2012","5.0"
"Good place to work, and good people there also","Sign on and process the requests in our queue (provisioning), check the ticket queue and resolve any outstanding situations all within the 72 hour service level agreement. You might get a few calls from the Help Desk for assistance and or users who need guidance and or knowledge on how to obtain a particular dataset, e-mail, VPN problem etc.You will complete or work on current projects with the possibility of meeting with others to ensure your team is on track to meet its obligation. Management would like you to keep the bad situations to a minimum. They will get involved and check on your status if problems arise.","Information Protection Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 4, 2012","5.0"
"Fun workplace","If you looking for a work place where your co-worker and managers become family then this bank is the place. The potomac branch especially are family base. Managers are flexible with everything and open to work the schedule around your life outside if this bank.","Teller","Former Employee","Potomac, MD","April 3, 2012","4.0"
"Loved working at this bank Great comapny","Looked forward everyday going to work, and learned so much working there with bank operations","Reconcile Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2012","5.0"
"productive and fun work place","great company productive and fun work place , great management and easy to work","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 31, 2012","4.0"
"Helped home owners purchase and refinance homes","While at this bank / Mortgage I created and maintained over 400 new customers. I sent out quarterly newsletters about the mortgage industry and the latest information about my own personal life.I continued to pass all the required Federal licensing tests and earned an NMLS#. I worked with my bank partners, real estate agents, and past customers to keep my business thriving.","Senior Lender","Current Employee","Annapolis Maryland","March 29, 2012","4.0"
"My Job","I Thank God for it! I enjoy going to work everyday. I'm responsible for keying Medical Claims EOB's for a local hospital.","Medical Claims Data Entry Processor","Current Employee","Highland Hill, OH","March 28, 2012","3.0"
"Horrible employer !","Lowest compensation in the market. Corporate greed abundant. Customers and employees, are treated as fee income. Management has not a clue. MLO's run, don't walk away from this company !","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati Oh","March 28, 2012","1.0"
"Productive and organized work place in the fast paced mortgage industry."," this bank Mortgage is a quality company in the fast paced mortgage industry. this bank is one of the leading financial institutions in the world, however yet very conservative.","Mortgage Operations Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 27, 2012","3.0"
"Learned a lot, not very innovative","Not much room for advancement in NYC area, but learned a lot. Not very many people with relevant experience in banking and Financial services","Financial Sales Consultant - Small Business","Former Employee","NY Metro Area","March 25, 2012","2.0"
"Overtime is the rule","Production goals are set in a way that it's next to impossible to make incentive pay. Management uses the fear of losing your job if you do not reach monthly quotas. Forced overtime is common practice with the underwriting staff.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2012","3.0"
"Great Company","Very friendly, flexible, company that worked with me to come up with a schedule that allowed me to obtain my bachelors degree while working at this bank","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hamilton, NJ","March 21, 2012","5.0"
"Pretty Good Place To Work","I've been promoted a few times and enjoy working there. It is a very good company for working mothers as far as childcare and flexibility."," this bank","Current Employee","Philadelphia","March 21, 2012","5.0"
" this bank","Woking with the this bank BANK been a wonderful opportunity. There is plenty of room to grow with the company and get much training as needed.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bernardsville, NJ","March 20, 2012","5.0"
" this bank is a nice place to work, My days were changed and I am unable to work the days they want me too.","This company has flexiable hours and days. August of last year my days were changed without consulting me. We have employe recognition days. Spotlight awards are giving to employees for making quanity for the month and no absences.","Wholesale Supplemental Data Entry","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 20, 2012","1.0"
"Very Caring Environment","This company will support you in your endeavors with things like tuition reimbursement and paid job training. this bank promotes being a team player with quarterly employee surveys, spot light awards which can be redeemed for various types of gifts, and weekly one on one meetings. In my area of the market this bank also has biannual sales rallies where employees are recognized for their achievments.","Financial Services Consultant","Current Employee","Laurel Springs, NJ","March 19, 2012","4.0"
"productive and fun working environment","very good place to work, room to grow, always had new learning opportunities","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","new jersey","March 19, 2012","4.0"
"Good for Banking Bad for Employment","In Store program of this company is not as professional as it should be and does not promote from within very often, which leaves them with extremely high turnover rates. Often times employees are over worked and not compensated for their over time, when being on duty for overtime is mandatory.","Promotional and Marketing Coordinator","Former Employee","Maryland","March 18, 2012","2.0"
"Great place to work. Keeping up with technology!","Great place to work. I was hired in as a supervisor, received a signing bonus and didn't have the experience but they took a chance. Great place all around. Nothing bad to say about this bank.","IRA Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 15, 2012","5.0"
"Opportunity","It is very customer oriented and is very employee supportive.","BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Rocky River, Ohio","March 12, 2012","4.0"
"Solid company with room for advancement with business background"," this bank is a growing and solid company to work for. With them buying up banks left and right, there is a definite feeling of job security. The health plans/IRA/vacation benefits are nice, but unless an employee has a college degree in business or an experienced business background there is little room for advancement and/or opportunities. (Makes sense given the fact that it is a bank!)","Implementation Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 11, 2012","4.0"
"good place to work for","There no pressure working there, but there just not enought work","plumber and heating technician","Current Employee","jamaica, new york","March 8, 2012","5.0"
"Good company, market challenges","Overall GREAT company. The challenge is with newly acquired markets.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","March 6, 2012","4.0"
"A friendly place.","Again a friendly place. Management willing to help and provide extra training. Much pressure to sell on all employees. Much focus on the bottom line. For someone who likes competitive sales it is a good place to work.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hackensack NJ","March 5, 2012","3.0"
"Very educational and structured place, good benefits"," this bank is a solid growing company that values their employees.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Easton, pa","March 5, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to start in Banking","System is little dated. It's sometimes hard to see the company's strategy from your perspective in a specific line of business, and depending on what department you are in you may feel disconnected from the customer/business partners you work with or work for","BRANCH management","Former Employee","CHICAGO, IL","March 1, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace"," this bank is a great place to work. The employees are there to help you out every step of the way with learning new things and they want to help you move up within the company.","Floating Teller","Current Employee","Cecil County","March 1, 2012","4.0"
"over all this bank is a place to work, help costumer and coworker as well."," this bank is un institution that cares about their employees, prime example they provide great benefit package.","Telller","Current Employee","Boone blvd vienna va","February 29, 2012","5.0"
"Progressive, but traditional","Culturally rich organization with long traditions in banking, customer service and asset management. Employees seem generally pleased, but marginally under-compensated relative to industry medians.","Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, Michigan","February 29, 2012","3.0"
"exciting and productive work place"," this bank is an exciting and very productive place to work. The atmosphere is very quick and busy. I enjoy being involved in the daily aspects of this bank.","Business teller II","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","February 28, 2012","5.0"
"Pay is not competetive","Not a diverse company to work for, based in Pittsburgh there values are not the same as a local Chicago area bank.Nationcal City bank presdeeded this bank and that was a great organization to work for","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Illinois","February 27, 2012","3.0"
"Product and services"," this bank was a great for their trainning New Hirer and Monthly Sales Meeting. The one thing that stands out was the none-consistancy of sales and service's. We all know that things change daily however to be productive you must stay consistant with your staff. What goes for one it goes for all. They must also listen to what the staff is saying in order to get a feel for consumers needs and increase sales. If you have someone doing a job and increasing sales you go with what you have and work with it. Sales is the object of the game as long as you are following the banks guildlines and not putting the bank in a bad position to lose business.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lancaster,PA","February 21, 2012","2.0"
"1st employer post undergrad"," this bank is a major employer in the Pittsburgh area. There is a lot of room for growth and advancement and they offer a competitive compensation package.","Business Banking Program","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","February 11, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","A productive and fun workplace that gave you the ability to use your talents to the fullest extents.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Bayonne NJ","January 24, 2012","5.0"
"Overall good place to work if you are friends with the site manager.","Good place to work if you have a management that could treat people with respect instead of having favorites.This company needs a management team that can lead instead of having meetings everyday for long hours and same thing is repeated day after day after day while they could be focusing on how to engage employees and improve morale.","Supevisor","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","January 23, 2012","1.0"
"Great place to work, but downsized","The managers were great, they never micro managed. They let you do your job to the best of your ability.","Help Desk Technician","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 21, 2012","5.0"
"Fun and laid back work place"," this bank is a great place to start, if you would like to grown in the financial feild. This is also place to start when you frist get out of college. They also have great things for people that would like to go back to college.","customer service rep","Current Employee","Indianapolis,IN","January 17, 2012","4.0"
"Great company to work for, very community and emplouee oriented.","I enjoyed working for this company, the CEO, is an outstanding mand and the company cares about children and does great things through Grow Up Great","customer service representatives and teller","Former Employee","libertyville, il and pittsburgh, pa","January 16, 2012","4.0"
"Large Corporation means little value of employees","When I started working for bank N, I loved my job. Once this bank came and merged with bank N, everything took a turn for the worst. They changed verification processes over and over and over making it confusing for those employed with the company.","MI","Former Employee","Financial Services Coordinator","November 4, 2011","2.0"
"It could be better","It's great to work there if you don't have any aim in life or don't want to achieve anything career wise,, just fresh from college and leave of pay check after paycheck","FUND ACCOUNTING","Former Employee","WESTBORO,MA","September 27, 2011","3.0"
