"Great CoWorkers","Unfortunately due to some issues at home, led to my dismissal, however, I enjoyed working for this bank and felt that I did very well there as an individual BSSR and a team player. Now that I have been able to get those issues at home under control, I would definitely work for this bank again","BSSR - Branch Sales and Service Rep","Former Employee","Pen Argyl, PA","February 1, 2019","5.0"
"not enough pay for what they have you do","depending on the manager you end up with, you may not have any work life balance. the person who I had to deal with was not understanding of this and it created a lot of issues","AVP BRANCH MANAGER II","Former Employee","Virginia","February 1, 2019","2.0"
"No structure","The brand ambassador role and outbound team need a lot of work in the Charlotte market. The day to day consists of cold dropping into businesses like Dunkin Donuts and others to try and engage and gain acquisition.","BRAND AMBASSADOR","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 31, 2019","2.0"
"Great opportunity for advancement","I was a bssrt and greatly enjoyed most of my time with this bank. I learned a lot about banking products thanks to this bank's awesome education program and there were many talks of advancement potential early in my career.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ballwin, MO","January 30, 2019","4.0"
"Good to start off in banking.","It helped me get into the doors of banking but there's not much opportunities to advance. Advancing and raises are based on favoritism unfortunately but I learned a lot.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 29, 2019","4.0"
"Great culture"," this bank is committed to clients, employees and community. This is a place that nurtures continuous improvement and offers many opportunities for everyone.","Fraud and Loss Prevention Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 29, 2019","5.0"
"Best Company"," this bank is one of the best companies I have worked for. They have the best management I have worked with in a long time. My manager was very nice and if I had questions he had the answers.","Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 28, 2019","5.0"
"No work life balance","This company boasts a work life balance as one of it's most important factors. Well, maybe if you're at the top, otherwise I have never had less of a balance in my working career. There is no support from management and even if you beg for 'Required' training, often the branches are too busy to schedule you for it. I was there for 2 years unable to complete new hire required courses! This place might work for you, but it was the worst financial institution I have ever worked for. Way too much stress!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cocoa, FL","January 28, 2019","1.0"
"Bad store manager","Store manager has no knowledge of how to run a team . Which makes this work environment poor. She expects to highly of everyone making everyone feel like they are not capable of doing their job accurately.","Service Rep","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 27, 2019","1.0"
" this bank","I know longer work for this bank. The last this bank that I worked in was Peters Township in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I enjoyed my position and had no intention on leaving this bank.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2019","3.0"
"Production/work environment","The typical day starts with 2nd day maintenance. We go through the previous day numbers and discuss our goals for the day. We review all the documents that come thru our system to open/close accounts, mainly DDA and CDs.","Implementation Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2019","4.0"
"good place to work","Overall good place to work, advancement is questionable Lot of internall job postings. Always will to help, employees very friendly and always will to help when needed. Management is good, always there and will to assist when needed. Have become very micromanaged recently. hardest part of the job is being micromanaged, conversations with customers have become very scripted and do not develop relationships as easy. The most enjoyable part of the job is the teamwork provided from the team. We all work well together and help each other when needed, The hardest part of the job is being micromanaged,","Business Banking Relationship Manager - Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2019","4.0"
"Great company but depends what location","Location is everything with this company, you could go into a great smooth branch or you could be in a scene from Alcatraz. Unfortunately my management was very poor. Regional manager didn't seem to care. Manager didn't allow us to speak our mind with new ideas it was either her way or the high way. As I said this bank as a company is great. Ok pay and good benefits. They could work on not making the job so demanding so employees can spend time with their families during holidays. But do research on the branch you work for before being hired. Make sure your manager isn't putting up a front in your interview. Ask a lot of questions.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Myers, FL","January 26, 2019","3.0"
"Stressful place to work for a incompetent Head Teller especially the manager always in his favor regardless how many violations made","Too stressful. The manager I worked for never listen to my side of the story, it's always the Head Teller side. Come to find out later, my Manager is close to the Head Teller treated him like a son.","Teller I","Former Employee","Chesapeake, VA 23320","January 25, 2019","1.0"
"Great company to work for"," this bank was a great company. They care about their employees and provide a lot of awesome benefits. The only reason I left was because I needed a full time position and there were no openings at the time of my employment.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Haven, IN","January 25, 2019","5.0"
"A great company to take advantage of your skills without offering advancement in return","The title says it all. I am over skilled and overworked for no advancement opportunities without sacrificing my ethical standards. I was consistently used as a manager when convenient for the company without the requisite pay, and continually denied advancement due to honest discourse.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","January 24, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place For Interns and Beginners","I started my career at this bank as an intern. The company has a great internship program and a great trainee program. The management team was engaging and encouraging.","Retail Credit Auditor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2019","3.0"
"Good starting job"," this bank is a good place to work at if you've just graduated from college. It's a great starting point in building your communication, organization and time management skills.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 23, 2019","4.0"
"Rewarding but Stressful","Currently travel on a daily basis, Average pay, Feel like the company is focused more about meeting goals than whats best for the customer. My Job is not hard but stressful. Constantly selling to customers. Tracking goals daily to make sure you are on track and reporting to upper management constantly."," this bank Merchant Services Account Executive","Current Employee","Westmoreland County, PA","January 23, 2019","4.0"
"to much work"," this bank Mortgage does not pay there employees enough for the amount of work. If you get hired through a temp agency you make more through them than you do once you are hired on.","Collections Representative","Former Employee","miamsburg ohio","January 22, 2019","1.0"
"typical bank","typical banking environment, fast paced at times, highly regulated requires high level of attention, cross selling required, corporate casual to corporate culture","Bank Teller","Former Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","January 21, 2019","4.0"
"Being an Administrative Assistant at this bank","I really enjoyed working at this bank in downtown Pittsburgh. I liked the work atmosphere and the fact that their new building is one of the greenest buildings.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 21, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Management","Management is poor.They tend to micro-manage. They rarely put any directions in writing and cast blame even when following orders. Morale is low and the opportunity to move to other departments internally is poor. They put all of the right policies on paper, but rarely follow through.","Asset Management Group","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 21, 2019","2.0"
"Active workplace","Build loyalty friendly customer service. Lot of learning skiing. Very particular about their policies and procedures lot of options to the clients relations with client","BSSR","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, NJ","January 20, 2019","5.0"
"Interesting Job-high stress","I work mostly from home. The culture in the office is minimal as it takes a while to get to know co-workers. The role I am in is high stress and fast paced.","Detection and Investigation Associate II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2019","5.0"
"I got several promotions","I enjoyed working at this bank because I did get promoted but I didn't enjoy working in a call center environment. You are tied to the phone for 8 hours and have to account for time when you are not talking with customers. Like any other call center, management will beep on your phone to find out the reason you're not taking calls. I didn't learn anything new because i've been in a call center environment for 30 years. Nothing has changed. The hardest part of the job is having people yell on the phone at you every day.","Help Desk Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2019","2.0"
"Okay work enviornment","-Boasts flexible work hours but work overtime on a regular basis and are continuously told that they value home/work separation but expect you to come in early and stay late. -Boast benefits but are unable to explain them to employees. -Management does not interact with the every day employees. Makes it hard to trust company when they are not around","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","January 18, 2019","3.0"
"Not the place for capable technical people","The only real qualification for management is seniority. Because the majority of them have limited skills, all good people, being managed by them, leave. So the people who stick around and get seniority, and are the next generation of management, are pretty lackluster. Truly capable technical people are too valuable to be allowed to leave the legacy apps they have patched repeatedly and are left in place. Unfortunately, Senior management's preferred solution to any project is to add more management. They do not take the time to really know what is going on and function as a sheltered clique unto themselves.","Senior Software Engineer","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","January 18, 2019","1.0"
"Good Wrok environment","I believe this bank is a good company to work for. They offer many competitive benefits for their employees, I worked at this bank for 24 years and was given many opportunities to advance my career thru job training opportunities. this bank takes pride in their employees in wanting them to do their best.","Mortgage Officer","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2019","4.0"
"good job bad pay","good job however the pay is horrible which is way a lot of people quit. the higher ups don't really care about the people in the branch. we have to work a lot and I mean do things that are not in your job description. you are overworked and underpaid. the benefits are good and vacation is cool. the workplace balance is really hard because a lot of people quit so the branch are always under-staffed. I have worked here for 3 years and each year my manager got fired.","BRANCH SERVICE AND SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Georgia Woods, MD","January 17, 2019","3.0"
"Not the best place...","Spent 16 years at this bank....to be fair, aside form the last two, it was an enjoyable experience, but the last eighteen months became far too clique oriented an very cut throat, with management unwilling to assist most of the staff....the rules were arbitrary and many of the favored employees flaunted their position","Data Entry level 3","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 17, 2019","2.0"
"amazing place to get trained for sales development","I really enjoyed working at this bank and learning sales techniques for different customers. The knowledge I learned here is applicable in nearly every other job I have had, the competitiveness was not as fun.","UNIVERSAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Paoli, PA","January 16, 2019","5.0"
"Not Bad But Not Great","the day to day work is very easy and most days are slow, not the most exciting thing but its a good start and pays you money but so hard to move up in the company and teller is not a career.","Teller","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 16, 2019","3.0"
"Ridiculous and a joke for a company","This company fired me for 'not making enough sales' AS A TELLER. I have worked for banks for years and have never heard of such a ridiculous expectation. I know the real reason they fired me, which is a form of discrimination. They do not appreciate their employees, they demand more than what your job entails, and they will work you to death.","Teller","Former Employee","Traverse City, MI","January 16, 2019","1.0"
"Productive work place","I loved working in the environment. But it could sometimes be stressful. Management didn't make things easy to work with them at times. Salary is great but not enough for cost of living","FULL TIME TELLER","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","January 15, 2019","5.0"
"Bad Place to work","Poor management!!! They hired people who is not knowledgeable about their position. For example, I already left the company and wanted to roll over my 401k to my current employer, The HR didn't even know how, they transferred me to wrong department and still nobody knows the answer. Turnover is super high!!!! Please do not waste your time here!!!!","Banker","Former Employee","Michigan","January 15, 2019","1.0"
"Good job","I was at a consolidated branch and I went for a promotion but I feel this bank lacks in management choosing or coaching due to the coverage areas being so big and only maintained by one person.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","West Ocean City, MD","January 15, 2019","4.0"
"Decent company","Decent company to work for. Unfortunately with most large companies there is an epidemic of 'not my job' when asking for assistance from other departments.","Assistant Business Banking and Branch Manager","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","January 14, 2019","3.0"
"Great Place Ron work for","Great Work Environment ! Very Motivating !! Great Career. Very Inspirational Management Team. Promotion is a Very Big Thing at this bank !!! So Many Careers Advanceent Opportunities","BSSA","Former Employee","Bensalem, PA","January 14, 2019","5.0"
" this bank Overall is a great company."," this bank is a great company to work for. Everyday you learn something new, if you need help in any situation there's always someone to help you. Whether it's the help desk or co worker. Either way you'll get an answer. Incentive pay out is pretty good too, if you do your job.","Full Time Financial Consultant","Current Employee","New Hope, PA","January 13, 2019","5.0"
"Nice Company to work for","Nice company, good people to work with most of the time. Customers are great! Enjoyed working for them. Management has a bit to work on. flexible schedules are more for the employees doing work and school not so much for every day working full time employee.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Holland, PA","January 13, 2019","4.0"
"Used to be amazing","I used to love and rave about coming to work at this bank. But then the culture really started changing. How people are treated is so inconsistent there it truly boggles the mind. No open communication anywhere in the company. Everything is so compartmentalized good luck finding out what you need to know if you did not know who to go to. Made it impossible to advance, .5-1% raises for year end. Even if you get exceeds expectations its not going to be more than 1.5%.","Compensation Analyst","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 12, 2019","1.0"
"Good place to work, but banking is changing drastically","Branch manager was great, upper management was not supportive. In the past 8 years, 4 branches will have closed in the downriver area. Banking is just changing drastically and I expect more to close in the future. Not a bad bank.. just the way banking is now","Universal Branch Specialist","Former Employee","Grosse Ile, MI","January 12, 2019","4.0"
"customer focus","take inbound calls, case management, customer focus, problem resolution, case management, hardest part of the job is keeping up with cases that are assigned.","Retail Escalation Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 11, 2019","3.0"
"bank","I was very lucky having the people I worked with , they taught me about banking since I had no knowledge about banking I aw very appreciative of them hiring me.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Northfield, NJ","January 11, 2019","5.0"
" this bank","This company is the greatest. They are company that will train you and groom you into the position you seek. So your eagerness to learn will determine how far you grow in the company. They take pride in customer service, while also taking care of their employees.","BSSR","Current Employee","Lower Nazareth, Pa","January 11, 2019","5.0"
"Okay job","The day can be crazy if people don't do your job correctly. You will get real irritated with your peers because they will have this lack of drive to help people. Your peers will often transfer customers to the wrong department and do not leave any notes. Some managers are cool and some are just lazy and don't want to help.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2019","4.0"
" this bank","Process overload no work life balance. Management struggles with Sr. Management, lots of ideas and no plan to get there. Peers were great and willing to share informaltion.","Senior Project Manager - LeaseWave","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 10, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is a great place to work.","I have worked for bank N Bank now this bank since 1988. A professional environment. I have spent most of my career and have worked in many departments to expand my knowledge to build my resume in the banking industry.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 8, 2019","5.0"
"valuable","valuable experience from years of working. opportunities available. training provided. feedback given. made good friends with customers. clean environment.","Service Manager II","Former Employee","Greenville, PA","January 8, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work excellent employees and great customers"," this bank was a great place to work and the employees were wonderful i learned a lot from working there and would recommend it. The pay was great and the care about your wellbeing. You get paid time off if you had to go on leave for any medical reasons and the send you cards for your birthday. This was a great place ti work only reason i left was medical reasons.","Bssr","Former Employee","Dearborn, MI","January 8, 2019","5.0"
"Flexible work arrangement","Ability to work from home provides flexibility. When providing support to customers, the ability to support from any location makes sense and is beneficial to all involved.","ETL Project Design Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 8, 2019","4.0"
"A good starting point","You can learn a lot by working for a large company; however something gets lost along the way when you are only a number. Some big companies have mastered how to make you feel valued and others just see you as a number.","AML - Senior Surveillance Analyst","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 7, 2019","3.0"
"Unprofessional Environment","The training is severely lacking, the management at the branch I worked in was unable to perform the basic necessities of the job, due to having zero banking experience when hired.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 7, 2019","1.0"
"It's ok","This job really all depends on your personal preference. You absolutely will just kind of blend in. You have coachings and things, but they're not as individual as they should be. You're so tied to schedule adherence that it's pretty much impossible to actually get to know any of your coworkers","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 7, 2019","3.0"
"Yes","Trying to get more informations about my employer at the same time i am still currently working there plc bank is great enviromnet place to work in but i am trying to make sure this the right thing to talk","NJ","Current Employee","central NJ","January 7, 2019","5.0"
"Lacking in career advancing opportunities"," this bank's foundation in PA and the northeast leaves much to be desired in terms of career advancement anywhere else. Management can be hit or miss, depending on the department you're in. Not a bad place to work, but don't expect great pay,","Portfolio Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 7, 2019","3.0"
"Okay, but not a high profit place.","don't expect Christmas bonuses or competative rates compared to the industry. They let you work from home and do good deeds and are a trustworthy bank. A steady job, but not the place young talent wants to stay. No career advancement and bland wages. Raises capped at 10%, while a new hire can get a huge amount more. Better to switch and get a huge jump, and then even come back.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 6, 2019","4.0"
"All Investment","Seems to be all about Investments, even when your not licensed. All staff members talking about investments. Call nights specific to Investments. There is Business Banking , consumer banking, lending, but only call night for Investments.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Stafford, VA","January 6, 2019","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work","We are a small group that handles the daily weekly and monthly problems that are branches these. We can have something as small as the light go out to something as large as a robbery at one of our branches we are on the front lines ensuring that each branch has what they need to open and service our customers daily. That puts us on the front line we have to be ready to send technicians out to correct Any issues in our branch May face.","Work Task Coordinator","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 6, 2019","5.0"
"Just Another Bank","It has been almost 10 years since I worked for this bank and yet I still remember how unhappy I was there. The management was incompetent and often times was mean. In the end this bank was just another bank looking to make a profit off of it's members. Stay away from this bank.","Switcher","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","January 4, 2019","2.0"
"Best Overall Employer","I have never been happier to go to work. Everyone from the recruiter to the help desk is amazingly wonderful. It really is like family. I left due to medical reasons. If I could have stayed, I WOULD HAVE!!!","Customer Care Representative II","Current Employee","Virtual","January 3, 2019","5.0"
"Hardest Part of my job","The hardest part of my job is not having the accurate training to do my job. No training class only to rely on your peers who have 80 + in their pipeline.","Retail banking","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 2, 2019","3.0"
"Great place","I managed a business banking center with high small business clientele. I was able to handle the pressure of sale goals mothly and quarterly. It was very transactional branch.","Business Banking Branch Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 2, 2019","4.0"
"salary is low","Branches are closing, less opportunities for growing. openoing and closing acct. Loan application. coaching new employees. follow the audit procedure. meet the quarterly goal","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Current Employee","Canton, MI","January 2, 2019","2.0"
" this bank","Overall good place, pay is not the best, benefits could def be better. But time off is pretty good. I would recommend them but they still could use work.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","January 2, 2019","3.0"
"Friendly enviornment","The environment at this bank was friendly, though the management and how business was conducted left a lot of room for improvement. I've learned a lot since working for the company, and have acquired skills I can use outside of working there. However, it there had been moments where this bank could have done better making me feel valued.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 1, 2019","4.0"
"Ok place to work to get your foot in the door","investments was a good position to learn the ropes of this bank and to get in the door to move around the bank. I enjoyed my time while I was there and moved on.","Operations Analyst Sr. - New Accounts","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 31, 2018","3.0"
"Many changes","Relationships built with clients and colleagues is the most enjoyable part of the job. Difficult to change from sales to operations. Too many recent changes that are not customer-focused","Universal Banker","Current Employee","NJ","December 30, 2018","4.0"
"Competitive Job.","I liked the atmosphere. The future support of working at this bank was very comfortable when your bosses are very understanding of your personal business as well as theirs while agreeing in the workplace. Thank you.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","December 28, 2018","4.0"
"Very nice bosses.","Bosses are very nice, you have to be a peoples person to work at this bank. Banking has to be easy to understand for you to make sales. Very important to know your products.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","December 27, 2018","3.0"
"Flexible work environment","Employees have the option to work from home or work in the office in an open workspace. The pay is low and benefits are below average compared to other verticals.","Senior IT Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 27, 2018","3.0"
"I truly enjoyed working at this bank, our department worked as a team"," this bank is very big on employee engagement. A great place to work if you want to get recognized for your efforts. I would recommend working for this bank. It is a family-friendly workplace, flex hours daycare and more.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 26, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work for training, advancement and continuing education","Extensive training before being exposed to your job. Excellent benefit, an flexible working schedule. Management was there for you to help with your job requirements and to also help with advancement. Had attainable goals.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 24, 2018","5.0"
"full of sales","Enjoyable job, wonderful co-workers and love assisting customers meet their financial goals and teaching some to budget. Hardest part of job is the goals are never good enough and expectations are very stressful.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Muskegon, MI","December 23, 2018","2.0"
"Big Corporation; family feels","I loved working for this bank. This was a company that valued customer satisfaction as well as employee satisfaction. Managers were amazing and the customers were the best.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","December 21, 2018","5.0"
" this bank is an okay company to work for","I need you to apply and work for yourself and see for yourself. At first it was great to work here but after two years I do not see any room to grow!.","Branch sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Lithonia, GA","December 20, 2018","3.0"
"A way to get one's foot in the finance door","Working for this bank played an instrumental role in the way I approached managing financial accounts and interacting with its customer base. Many of the clients weren't sure as to what was in their best interest and that is where I was able to leverage my expertise to ensure they were taken care of.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD 21403","December 20, 2018","5.0"
"Teller experience was great.","Work days consist of answering phone calls, managing money and safe. As well as satisfying customers needs and engaging with every customer who walks into this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","December 17, 2018","4.0"
"Na","Working at this bank as just ok. My day consisted of new account reviews, coaching my direct reports, training employees, handling customer complaints, reviewing transactions for errors and mitigating risk. The workplace culture was unfair and bias. One employee could get away with doing something, while another was placed on corrective action for doing the exact same thing.","Business Banking Center Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Oakmont, PA","December 17, 2018","3.0"
"Horrible place to work","They expect you to walk around inside of Giant to gain customers as well as being a teller, and a financial adviser for a low salary. The hours are long. No security guards even though we handled cash. 30 minute breaks after being on your feet for 10 hours.Upper management is only concerned about meeting sales goals. Horrible place to work.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Towson, MD","December 17, 2018","2.0"
"Great Advancement Opportunities","Work hard and you will be rewarded with easy and quick advancement opportunities. I've had great managers in many different departments that truly cared about your growth and development. As long as you express your interest in advancement, they will get you to where you want to go.","Detection and Investigation Analyst Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 17, 2018","4.0"
"Great opportunities to learn different things","This project taught me the basics of how to create a career opportunity in the Financial industry. Great experience and learning opportunities with excellent management and team.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2018","4.0"
"Decent Company to Work for","Company is really good. management is terrible. It was a great company to work for besides that. It was a good experience overall. I like there workplace banking department the best","B2B Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","December 14, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work but be on edge","The people you work with are great and the day to day activities keep you busy, but because it is so close with government work you have to make sure you are following all policies to the letter. You can be let go on a moments notice because of this regardless of how good a worker you are.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Greenwood, IN","December 13, 2018","5.0"
"It's a good place to work","Management cares about you as a person and is willing to help you succeed. There are lots of opportunities to advance your career and explore other careers within the company.","Human Resources","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2018","4.0"
"Loved this job! My favorite.","If you enjoy customer service, you will enjoy your job. Working at a bank, you have regular customer's you see periodically who trust you with their finances so you do create a bond with these people. I worked at a pretty small branch so we quickly became like family and everyone was very supportive.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","December 12, 2018","5.0"
"A great place to work to enter and/or advance your career in banking"," this bank is a great place to advance your career in a number of fields. Having held numerous positions, I have had the opportunity to hone my sales, analytical, and management skills.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 12, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Enjoyed working there. My specific department did not allow for any kind of advancement and the pay was not consistent with my 15+ years of experience.","Loan Support Associate Rep II Adjustments","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 12, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Day","Facilitate skype conference calls with management partners . Schedule my day, week, month . Compile and distribute analytical data reports. Prepare for upcoming meetings and audits I would be facilitating . Prepare for training classes I would be facilitating in the near future Travel to my next regional branch destination for a next day visit. Complete the branch visit . Complete the follow up findings and distribute and coach accordingly . Follow up on the follow up plan with management to ensure compliance and to alleviate any questions or concerns","Loss Prevention Manager","Former Employee","NA","December 12, 2018","5.0"
"working on the phones can be stressful","The division of this bank I was previously employed is inconsistent w/ new information and not good at all when you're conversing with customer all day in a call center setting. On how they do things especially in IRA Ops in particular is very meager which can be shameful with no defense when explaining policies and practices.","SUPPORT OPERATIONS","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2018","1.0"
"It was a great entry point for someone new to banking","Initial training was well done and thorough. You spent time training at job start then would weave work/training together as you start the first few months. The UBC position was just rolling out at the time, so there was a big push to get many employees (new/old) up to speed on being a teller/platform associate. Once on goal, you had to make a sales minimum to get paid your bonus. Some were fortunate to work in busier branches than others. They implemented a cold calling program about mid-way through my tenure to gain appointments with existing customers. In this type of setting, you were always trying to involve yourself with customers- so everybody was looking over their shoulder. Management was good and there was decent pressure to perform, not overwhelming. Many of the best employees would leave for better positions with other banks. That was told to me at an early stage, and it came true for me as well. I was grateful for the training and mentoring I received there. It definitely helped get my next job.","UNIVERSAL BRANCH CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Chapel Hill, NC","December 10, 2018","3.0"
"Communication and focus could be improved","Each group ion this bank operates in a silo and there seems to be no will to change that. Upper management is very good, but middle management lacks vision and was not always transparent. There is an extreme focus on resolving issues but not a focus on preventing small problems before they escalate.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2018","4.0"
"Poor Management","The environment at this bank did not foster teamwork or support by management. Your personal success was viewed as a threat to management. The pay was poor.","Collections Representative II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2018","1.0"
"No advancement","No advancement outside of retail in my area,poor compensation for the hours worked,mandatory 6 day weeks two times a month as a manager. Work life balance needs to be revamped.","VP Branch Manager Senior","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 9, 2018","3.0"
"Was in the IT Field Services Organization","Worked with a 3rd party supplier that supplied services very similar to Bizbang.(company that I am interested in working for) The work included tracking and scheduling refresh of current inventory of PCs. Most challenging part was locating the PCs since they were often moved from employee to employee by users. Most satisfying part of the role was working with the employees and helping them in their day to day efforts. Management was very competent","IT Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 8, 2018","4.0"
"Not my cup of tea","This job is a virtual customer care service. It is hard to communicate via Skype. Training is thorough but not thorough enough. a lot of sitting. Customers are hard to deal with and support is there but not easily accessible. A lot of challenges in 6 months.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","December 7, 2018","3.0"
"Management","Management would take sales comments and stereo type employees based on sales, without getting to know the work ethics of the employees gearing work to others to make employees appear not being able to meet goals.","Senior Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","December 6, 2018","3.0"
"N/a"," this bank is a great place to work for entry level positions. I have learned a great deal throughout my tenure there through coaching, development, and collaborative team efforts. Upper management however is out of touch and does not seem to care for their employees much more than a number. There's a great deal of micro management and conference calls. The most enjoyable piece of the bank is servicing the clients of the bank.","Business Banking Center Branch Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","December 6, 2018","3.0"
"Revolving Door of Financial Knowledge","Their are so many different skills that one could obtain on both the teller side and the Sale and Service side of the banking world. Tellers learn the importance of cash management. Bankers learn the ins and out of products from DDA's to HELOC's.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Newport News, VA","December 6, 2018","5.0"
"Poor management and poor pay","It's laughable that this bank tries to preach employee financial wellness but chooses to pay $35/k a year for a risk job and a degree. Raises only occur if you meet all expectations and my raise was $400 added to my salary for the YEAR. Not a livable wage. My management team had both good and bad. High turnover because of the poor management and poor communication. Management does not care about the people under them., are defensive and take things personally. One boss even specifically told us not to talk on our lunch break sitting at our desk because he was in a bad mood. Management is constantly in meetings and never available. The team was great and there are a lot of great people. People coming in from the outside have more opportunities than those within because they don't have a 'meets some' rating on their reviews. A lot of people get those meets some and can't get a raise or advance within because other departments won't interview with that on their file. Be ready for change. Our department was constantly going they departmental changes and process changes. Technology is a joke. You need multiple programs to do your job and nothing works cohesively or just will not work at all sometimes. this bank's IT is awful. Training was minimal, however, you have 'errors' that work against you and either screw you or those who are in Quality review. The benefits are okay. The best thing is the maternity leave. After one year, you can receive 12 weeks 100% paid and can also have a few weeks with parental leave which is 100% paid. This was just from my specific department.","Detection and Investigation analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","December 5, 2018","2.0"
"Typical Day","Typical Day is inquiries by customers. You are a problem solver for many, and a familiar face for others. People trust you with their hard earned money, therefore want to understand exactly what is happening (and can happen) to their hard earned finances.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","December 4, 2018","4.0"
"Ethics Issues","Toxic Masculinity encouraged, unprofessional environment. Toxic and highly exploitive culture in general, not a pleasant place to work. Most colleagues expressed feeling stressed, overworked and underpaid.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","December 4, 2018","1.0"
"good","Work was fine. Management poor. Too many supervisors and managers and they all wanted to have everything done a different way. but it was overall okay","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Delaware","December 3, 2018","5.0"
"Stressful! Fast paced work environment","The department you work in determines the culture of the work group. Bathroom breaks are scheduled and time limited..You can move to other work groups","Help Desk Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 3, 2018","3.0"
"Unfair"," this bank will only allow you to receive certain advancements that only they allow and barely any type of raise, but will higher someone else outside the company who could possibly be making 10k more than you just for coming from outside the company. They do not help out employees for doing good in the company and advancing.","Client Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 3, 2018","1.0"
"Quality company and clear vision","Quality company with clear vision. At every opportunity the vision for the company is shared from top to bottom and that allowed for an effective work environment","Branch Manager","Current Employee","North Carolina","December 2, 2018","4.0"
"Great benefits","Great Benefits, Great team to work with. Support you all throughout. Celebrates associate achievements regularly. Managers exudes positive attitude in the workplace. Reviews employee standing. Paid training.","Teller","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL 34986","December 2, 2018","4.0"
"Take the Good with the Bad","Welcome to the Machine - Upper Executive Management is mostly Excellent and Willing to Talk 1:1 / Deep Political Trenches and Fiefdoms in Local Banking Teams / Market President. Watch who you align with or not with as the case may be.","Anonymous","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 1, 2018","4.0"
"Unethical expectations","I would not recommend this bank because of the type of behaviors required by management. A banker job should focus on the client experience, not taking advantage of clients.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Boca Raton, FL","December 1, 2018","1.0"
"Stressful sales forced environment","typical work day was as any other financial institution, teller type environment, opening and/or closing of accounts, loans, customer service, healthy and clean work environment.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Arnold, MO","December 1, 2018","3.0"
"Excellent Company To Work For","It was a Very Great Company to work for. Very helpful & knowledge in growing & learning.Support of a customer based structure to perform accurate and promptly performing financial transactions. • Process consumer and corporate transactions (deposit, payments, withdrawal and cash advance payment(s). • Oversee and reconcile financial transactions of over 100 accounts daily. • Balance cash transactions daily for customer and corporate accounts. • Answers and routes incoming customer calls. • Proactively promote customer education about this bank products, services and alternative financial channels. • Perform regular ATM maintenance.","Teller","Former Employee","Twin Rivers, NJ","November 30, 2018","5.0"
"Great Place to work with","Shared a long standing union with this bank and worked remotely with some times flex work hours. Allowed me to travel and have a great balanced life and will highly recommend the place","REGULATORY REPORTING SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 30, 2018","4.0"
"Horrible turnover & management","Management was weak and inconsistent. After 33 years you would think that you would have some value with the company but that is not the case at all. They just don't care about their employees one bit. Total contradiction of the companies mission statement and what they say their values are. Employees are treated very different and very unfairly. The benefits package is the only good thing that I can say good about the company.","Teller lead","Former Employee","Medford, NJ","November 29, 2018","1.0"
"Productive and fun working environment","It was great working at this bank. Recently they have adopted the Agile framework. I have loved my days of work at this bank. The team has been very supportive. It was fun work environment.","RPA Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 29, 2018","4.0"
"Not good environment for minorities","the environment is very segregated. Leadership does not have a value system the support success. Poor moral , no integrity , no support , no training , more work given even when already at full capacity","Banking and Financial Services Test Lead","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 29, 2018","1.0"
"Beginning was great","Everything was fine for the most part until the goals started to happen and wanted you to make high credit card goals and opening accounts as well but it was a good first job to get into banking.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","November 29, 2018","4.0"
"Typical bank job with typical expectations","If you work with great people in a branch, this bank can be quite the pleasant place. You need to be a people person as you will interact with dozens of customers every day. Management above a branch manager can be extremely incompetent (hence my departure).","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 28, 2018","3.0"
"Decent employer, with most of management being supportive.","Most management is supportive. It truly depends on what area you are in, and the manager in that region. Work/life balance is off...but with technology, I think that's probably the norm everywhere. The hardest part of the job was trying to incorporate teamwork. Operational and Sales team are very divisive, and almost seems to be encouraged to be that way.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","North Carolina","November 28, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is a bad place to work","My experience working for this bank was not the best. The management is allowed to retaliate against the workers if they take disputes to upper management. They are falsely accused of transgressions that in turn get them fired. There is no viable coaching or training when something is done wrong. Leaders were leaving the department based on how poorly other managers were acting. All in all it was not a; good place to work.","ACCOUNT MANAGER","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 27, 2018","1.0"
"busy","very busy teams. plenty of staying current with new standards. lots of change across the board. very customer focused, the customer experience is a big priority.","Application Developer Lead","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 27, 2018","4.0"
"productive and competitve","Coworkers are great and all come together with having such a small staff. Hours are great and accommodating and always room to advance career. Nothing to complain about with working for this bank, great company and would have stayed if I did not relocate","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Sparta, NJ","November 26, 2018","5.0"
"workplace culture","there was good days and bad days.. the bad out weighed the good. In hard and challenging times the company was non supportive and understanding of timely demanding issues but expect for team members to be understanding. The work required did not match the time it took to complete certain tasks as well as the compensation.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 26, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work.","I had incredible support from my manager and the branch offices. this bank is a great place to work. The hardest part of the job was the 100% commission compensation. I left because I was recruited by Wells Fargo.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","November 25, 2018","5.0"
"Loved the industry","With this, as any customer service job, ther is an opportunity to build rapport and relationships with your customers. This was something I loved with this job. But if there is a harassment issue don't waste your time because HR with do nothing to help you. I called three times over the course of two months and my problem was dismissed.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","November 25, 2018","4.0"
"good place to work","very fast paced but great people to work with, cut throat hours and a stiff working hours but management is fair if you talk to them for wiggle room. always room to advance","Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 25, 2018","4.0"
"discipline and financial intergrity","good working place with more discipline , respect and values to ensure the financial well being of the customers and much more care for employees of the bank","financial advisor and a member","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 25, 2018","5.0"
"Good","Great place to work fast pace customer focused. Managers work with you if need assistance or have a emergency. Overtime is great and you get time and a half.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 22, 2018","5.0"
"Lack of decision makers.","They pay people a lot of money to run projects that are micro managed and there is too much input from people who have no knowledge of said project. Second level management is usually afraid to finalize anything in fear of being second guessed. Too many dollars are spent on salaries of people who won't make a decision---people are afraid to rock the boat.","Vice President","Former Employee","Various","November 22, 2018","3.0"
"Unable to give opinion","Unable to give an adequate opinion at this time. Recent market turmoil has made for unusual internal dynamics. Overall, a supportive environment with some ambiguity.","associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 20, 2018","4.0"
"Needs Improvement","Based on some of the techniques within the business, the business need to focus on the structure of the staff and not too much on the customers, employees have a family also and would need a day off to take care of their personal issues.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 20, 2018","1.0"
"At the time the nation's largest home purchase mortgage lender.","At the time the nation's largest home purchase mortgage lender. I was able to work with some exceptional individuals in leadership here. Some of the most important things about mentoring started with this company for me.","Senior Loan Officer","Former Employee","Lake Forest, CA","November 20, 2018","4.0"
"9-5 grind","day to day is inbound calls. Willing to get you your finra licenses but the day to day is monotonous and unfulfilling. This is a position good for getting your licensees but is clearly not where you want to be for the rest of your days","Support Representative Specialty","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 20, 2018","3.0"
"teller","It was a great place to work a good team a fun place and the customer were very nice and looked forward to seeing you on a regulars basis. contest were great and management was excellent.","Teller II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","November 20, 2018","5.0"
"Okay company, micro managed","Job was eliminated - whatever. But the company was okay. They micromanage everything in the branches which is okay for some but others may find difficulty with the servere lack of autonomy. Company does care about customers and growth but I'm not sure about it's lower level employers. Pay isn't great, hours aren't great, lunch isn't paid, branch stay open late and somehow I almost always ended up closing and getting home at 7pm (banker hours apparently). My branch never accepted snow emergencies as reason to be late despite multiple roads being closed and whitnessing a car slide off the road in front of me - literally call 911 and directed them to the car which went down a hill but still got yelled at.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2018","4.0"
"changes","every job has changes however most of the changes should include everyday workers ; should be better training better updates and not last minute updates.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 19, 2018","3.0"
"good place to work, definately not great.","good not bad place to work. I recommend anyone interested in banking apply elsewhere first. The policies and procedures alone are like reading an encyclopedia online and there is little to no support on understanding how backwards there operating systems are.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","November 19, 2018","4.0"
"Hard to advance. Data driven, poor management decisions, lack of accountability","Very difficult to advance, depending on what tier you're hired on. If it isn't captured in a number, it's easily overlooked. Hard work and initiative will not be compensated, and recommendations, even from tenured staff (depending on level), will not, measurable, aid a competitive advantage.","Retail Lending Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH 45342","November 18, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for. They cared about their employees and took care of them. A person could see a great career path that could be followed. Would recommend.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","November 17, 2018","4.0"
"excellant company","enjoyed working for this bank , different jobs daily not the same old routine, worked as a subcontractor for this bank and did maintenance work on the bank branches","Maintenance Contractor","Former Employee","Southgate, MI","November 17, 2018","5.0"
"great work environment, great management,"," this bank is a great work environment, I enjoy going to work every day my manager makes it easy to excel at what I am doing and What to continue to grow and learn more only down side is that compensation could be better","Branch Sales Associate","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","November 16, 2018","5.0"
"Predatory Capitalism"," this bank is not atypical within corporate America -- but it is certainly just as appalling and unethical as any other bank, it simply wields many jargon-laced smoke screens with which to shield itself. My manager barely acts like a human being. In fact, almost none of the upper management (especially the corporate sales reps from other departments) are human-like at all. Speaking to them, it's like there is not a single genuine bone in their body, like the humanity has been slowly winnowed out of their soul. I've sat in on meetings and calls where not a single direct, or useful, thing was said in two entire hours. They are attempting to turn their employees into jargon-spewing monsters, too; utter automatons. Positioning and capability statements are gross and no one - particularly not younger people - will ever be drawn in by an in-person commercial delivered by a robotic employee. With the heavy sales focus, we are highly incentivized to focus all of our attention to wealthy clients while ignoring the impoverished and those with genuine need. The overdraft fees are predatory and atrocious - and this bank is content to continue to milk the elderly and physically disabled for fees that continue to make their financial life a source of stress and chaos. I've been tempted to recommend customers like that to another bank. I genuinely hope that when younger people garner the reins of power from institutions like these, that the bloodsucking corporate leeches are thrown out. Also, voiceCX is terrible. Please stop basing your employees confidence on the COMPLETELY arbitrary whims - more...","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 16, 2018","2.0"
"Fun place to work","I loved my time at this bank. I made a lot of great friends there that I am still in contact with even though I am four states away. I wish I could go back but I don't think they will pay enough for my experience.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 16, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Certain branches are easier to work at. The branch I worked at had poor management. Other branches I visited or assisted with were very laid back and fun work environments.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 16, 2018","4.0"
"Fun place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank and made some lasting relationships with many people. The environment for the most part was laid back and care free. Management was very nice and the culture was inviting.","COLLECTIONS REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","November 16, 2018","2.0"
"N/a","My apologies but I do not feel comfortable sharing this information in this forum. Like any company it has its pros and cons but I do not wish to share that info in this space.","Organizational Change Enablement Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 16, 2018","3.0"
"It was my first banking job","I Loved it here at this bank but good thing must come to an end. The pay rate for tellers was lower than any of the surrounding banks but i loved my job,","Teller I","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 15, 2018","5.0"
"Laid back environment","I worked for this bank through the temp agency Aerotek. I worked on a project for 3 months and was told I would have my contract extended. The project was extended and rescinded due to lack of work.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 15, 2018","2.0"
"Overwork for less pay.","They overwork you and do not pay what the job is worth. And if you make a mistake it is not their fault. Advancement is not so easy here. They exploit their workers. They will never fired you unless they have a good reason to not have to pay unemployment.","BUSINESS BANKING II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 15, 2018","3.0"
"Very good when it came to working at home","Not a bad place to work but training for new products not long enough. Company would put you directly on the phone when you were not sure or comfortable with new product which would cause customers to become frustrated and angry. Customers felt you did not know what you were talking about.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 15, 2018","3.0"
"Great Caliber of professionals","Duties included Branch and Client Visits along with New Prospecting Efforts in building book of business. Great growth in Credit Underwritting and portfolio management. Great Team Environment . Hardest part of the Job was the juggle of multiple retail facilities. Most enjoyable was the people I worked with.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","November 14, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work overall","Upper management stressed sales too much to all positions. This would create issues with customers and our own performance evaluations. Other than that, no complaints.","Teller","Current Employee","Newark, DE","November 14, 2018","4.0"
"Nice People","Nice People, a decent amount of hard working individuals. Company is open to finding a job that is of interest to you. Salary growth is hard to achieve. Decent benefits.","Product Owner","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2018","4.0"
"Seems fun at first...","Unless you are in Pittsburgh, there's not much advancement. In Retail Bank, they have taken away individuals' style and techniques that make us unique. We are all robots to them, having to learn their way to sell and make calls. It has become too much. The sales pressure has now become too much and the fun is gone.","DeNovo Branch Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 14, 2018","3.0"
"Too Cut throat","I witnessed my manager 'piggy back' off of my sales, we were required to record all of our employee referrals and after I made a referral they would approach the client and talk to them again. Going over the same financial products I did and then make a referral for themselves.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Dover, DE","November 13, 2018","3.0"
"Goal-oriented, consumer market","Provided materials, and education to further knowledge in our product and consumer needs/goals. Constant training on new products, marketing strategies. Provided Benefits and a great 401K","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Flemington, NJ 08822","November 13, 2018","5.0"
"Delivery of documents","Had to deliver bank documents to Philadelphia before a certain time I order to be paid accordingly. Once I arrived at the location , had to process and cross check for errors or concerns.","Van Driver","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","November 13, 2018","5.0"
"poor management and very competitive","Very competitive, you can get corrective action write ups a lot due to a lot of laws and regulations. Those who do not follow policy and procedures, spend a lot of time doing personal things are the ones that get promoted, not the ones that actually do what they are supposed to.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","November 12, 2018","2.0"
"Good step in the door job","A great place to gain experience but wouldn't recommend the retail industry as a place for long term employment unless one desires to go into management then its for you.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","November 12, 2018","3.0"
"Great place","This is a great place to work for the benefits and pay, but if you're looking to advance it's almost impossible. The pay is great for what you do, but working to death (days days with Sundays off) can get stressful when you're missing out on family stuff.","Teller","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","November 12, 2018","4.0"
"productive","typical work day is to process mortgage payment sort mail i learn how to process mortgage payment the management was there but not very helpful work culture was not very friendly","Lock box clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","November 12, 2018","3.0"
"fast paced, banking environment","Typical day at work consists of you helping clients with their banking needs, wasn't so bad the hardest part of the job is dealing with managements and irate customers","Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","November 12, 2018","3.0"
"productive, positive.","My manager was very nice. But his manager(the regional) wasn't. The atmosphere is pretty competitive among coworkers but as far as the company, you're expected to sell sell sell, even when there are no new customers. It's nonstop standing the entire time, which was unexpected since I picture platform bankers sitting behind a desk. If you don't sell you're given constant coaching as if you're not performing well when in reality there are few chances to even sell.","CONSUMER SUPPORT ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 11, 2018","5.0"
"Manager: The worst I ever had.","Manager in NJ my territory PA. Without more than one hour a week she was telling me where I should go on appointments ect....She could not find her way to my territory. I should have been assigned to Scranton office. Glad to be gone!!!","Business Development Representative","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","November 10, 2018","1.0"
" this bank","Good Company that supports their works and offers an opportunity to have a good work life balance. They offer lots of opportunity to advance and learn","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 10, 2018","5.0"
"Room for growth"," this bank is definitely a company where there is room for growth. There are a lot of opportunities in many different roles. There are a lot of benefits for new employees coming on board from salary to PTO. However, for those who have been with the company for 5, 10, 15 years they feel that they are being left behind and that this bank don't appreciate their loyalty as new employees are getting some of the same benefits they only received by doing their time. Also, they are coming in with better pay.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","November 10, 2018","4.0"
"Successful company with opportunities for employees to grow"," this bank is a terrific company - performing well across the industry and affords it's employees plenty of opportunities for career growth. The company's mission is focused on the customer - for technology employees, this provides significant opportunities to grow as an employee while making banking better for the customer.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Ohio","November 9, 2018","4.0"
"Productive and fast-paced","I truly enjoyed working at this bank, I would recommend anyone to apply for a job there. It is a very stressed place but the managers are awesome especially all the branches I worked for.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 9, 2018","5.0"
"Great People, Culture, and Environment"," this bank is a great place to start a career. The pay is a little lower than average but the experience and amount of skilled bankers and managers is worth it for early career starters.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 8, 2018","3.0"
"Productive and active place that nurses growth and development","During the time I spend at this bank I was able to learn and develop personal and professional growth that helped me achieved goal at work and personal. Great company to work for.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","November 8, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work. management is terrible","it is a great place to work. the hours are wonderful and the pay is good but the management they have running some of the branches are terrible. they expect the bankers to do their job but are not a good role model in that aspect.","BSSR","Current Employee","North Vernon, IN","November 8, 2018","3.0"
"Excellent place to work","Great management team. Well inducted training crew. Customer ervice is exceptional and team building instilled. Would recommend this company for anyone wanting to go into the financial sector.","Teller","Former Employee","Orange Beach, AL","November 8, 2018","4.0"
"Customer service is difficult especially at branch level"," this bank is not very much fun to work for at the branch level, this position has become very sales orientated meaning that only numbers and calls matter. Work life balance leaves much to be desired by working long hours with little pay. While coworkers are fun you must stay at the position in order to move up, but once your year is up, you can only move up one career level with usually no bonus.","Branch Sales and Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 7, 2018","2.0"
" this bank","Overall a good place to work but very limited advancement for investments but lots of advancement for retail positions. Very good continued education and never leave without an answer for clients","Branch service and sales associate","Current Employee","Akron, OH","November 7, 2018","4.0"
"Poor leadership and a declining culture","Change in leadership have resulted in a decline in culture. Managers are no longer empowered to make decisions, as this is all run from the top of the house. If the CEO doesn't think there are enough cars in the garage, no one can work from home nay more. Trying to act like a big bank, but still running it like a local bank. If you are not in Pittsburgh, forget about it...","Operations","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2018","2.0"
"nice place to work","I would still be there if my position was not eliminated. I got along great with my manager and the rest of the staff. I learned how to be a better supervisor through the wonderful coaching of my manager.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","November 7, 2018","5.0"
"Fast paced work environment","Fast paced work environment with excellent benefits and great opportunity for advancement. Enjoyed working for this company for the five years I was employed.","Client Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent place to work","Excellent place to work. Great work life balance. Fantastic organization with a lot of quality teams and management. Highly recommend to anyone who applies there.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 6, 2018","5.0"
"not applicable"," this bank was ok. the managers i worked for were very nice and most employees there were always willing to help you if needed. just didn't like being on phones all day and every minute was crucial to be on phones.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 6, 2018","4.0"
"Pushed to Sell! Unrealistic Expectations","My manager was very nice. But his manager(the regional) wasn't. The atmosphere is pretty competitive among coworkers but as far as the company, you're expected to sell sell sell, even when there are no new customers. It's nonstop standing the entire time, which was unexpected since I picture platform bankers sitting behind a desk. If you don't sell you're given constant coaching as if you're not performing well when in reality there are few chances to even sell.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","November 6, 2018","2.0"
"Good people, but work life balance is a struggle"," this bank is a good place to work; however, the work life balance is not so great. Management constantly stresses completing the plan over ensuring the wellness of their employees.","Compliance Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 5, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is a great company to start a career in the financial services field","However in my experience, this bank was not there when my manager abuse me in many ways, Even though i reported it they didn't do anything. Management needs to me reviewed.","BSSA - Personal Banker","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 5, 2018","3.0"
"ok","it was ok for the most part , stressful and fast paced just about everyday , so you would have to enjoy that type of work . workplace culture was cool","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","November 5, 2018","3.0"
"New Challenges for Employees","One of the best things about working at this bank is the opportunity for employees to take on new challenges. This engages employees to search out opportunities to help improve not only themselves, but the company as well.","Anti-Money Laundering Sanctions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"personal banker","If you are looking for a long career with the ability to grow within the same company than this bank is the place for you. great benefits and great vacation time. Worked with customers to meet their banking goals and needs . Work the phones and greet customers with a friendly helping smile","Customer Service Sales Consultant","Former Employee","chicago il","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"Normal Workplace","At my branch, was a normal job, as in most banks there is pressure for sales, but my experience there was pleasant. customers and coworkers are very friendly","Customer Service","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"Productive family oriented fun environment","Very enjoyable company to work for. Everyone got along and helped each other out. Customer's loved our friendly service. All of the employees got along and worked well together. We loved problem solving and coming up with satisfactory resolutions to achieve high customer satisfaction. We all kept up to date with the latest technologies and marketing and sales strategies to increase our profits.","Executive Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Merrillville In","November 5, 2018","5.0"
"Flexible work from home schedule.","Very relaxed yet sometimes fast paced environment. Extremely nice people to work with. I have not seen much interdepartmental movement so not sure about promoting from within.","SENIOR LOAN PROCESSING ANALYST","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 5, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful and not a friendly enviorment","Working condition is getting worst every year at this bank.Too much pressure for making sales. Expectations of job requirements is overwhelming in addition to my regular job responsibilites. No overtime pay","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","November 4, 2018","2.0"
"Good, stable company","Company has good benefits and fair compensation. Departments tend to be under staffed, partly due to turnover. Overall work environment is good, and employees are helpful and collaborative.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2018","4.0"
"Great Environment","I really loved my position. The only reason I left was I wanted to utilize my insurance licenses. I loved the team I belonged to everyone always willing to help each other.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL 60194","November 3, 2018","5.0"
"It was greart and then I knew it was time to leave.","I held three difference positions at this bank. Management, Wealth Management and Business Banking and loved BB the most. It was challenged and had a super boss.","AVP - Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Warren, PA","November 2, 2018","3.0"
"Hm","If you work there i will say everyone seems nice but they are not. The moment they can they will start rumors or talk badly to you not only amongst themselves but to customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Fishers, IN","November 2, 2018","2.0"
"Great","Great place to work. But really banking is changing so much. The pressure is way more than what it use to be. Other than that. Great work life balance and great benefits.","Teller","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","November 1, 2018","5.0"
"Collaborative working environment with questionable leadership"," this bank has a strong culture of inclusion and collaboration. However, the lack of process and reliance on relationships as a means of getting business done is ineffective post merger with bank N. Leadership direction is unclear and often plagued with lack of prioritization. Collaborative bend has created a culture of decision (or more accurately indecision) by committee. Roles and responsibilities are not always clear, decision makers hard to identify. The organization is not nimble or fast-paced, slowed somewhat by regulatory requirements but otherwise by self-imposed bureaucracy. People are nice, willing to help - but slow to provide constructive feedback. It rates high for me personally due to work-life balance with flexibility options to meet both professional and personal needs.","Operations Group Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 1, 2018","3.0"
"great place to work!"," this bank always treated me fairly and let me explore my ideas. they listened to my thought and tried their best within their guidelines to help the employees be successful.","BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","New Boston, MI","November 1, 2018","5.0"
"Avoid this place","So when I worked for them in the begining it seemed ok but for your training they send you far and the travel is a nightmare then policy and procedure seemed to change daily so forget what you learned cause it will change without notice which makes you look stupid helping the customers. They say they want to do whats right for the client when the sales goals are pushed on them so much that you are then forced to do whats not right for them just to get them off your back and to still have a job. Turn over was so high and management has favorites that when they continuously do bad they keep letting it happen. Don't expect a raise ever if your surveys aren't a perfect 5 and you must meet your ridiculous sales goals as well. No room to advance and running around for nothing and don't believe banker hours when you hear it, no such thing. Long hours and then the BM would keep you after hours and also expect you to do events and reach out as well so no work life balance whatsoever. I say keep looking and don't bother with this unprofessional place just keep clear of this place.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Batavia, IL","November 1, 2018","1.0"
"I loved working for this bank","I ended up in a different office where I didn't fit in as well. But this bank as a whole is a wonderful place to work. They offer lots of help and benefits.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Saline, MI","November 1, 2018","5.0"
"Stagnant and demanding work place with constantly changing expectations","Expectations and requirements frequently changing. Staffing not conducive to a successful work environment. Do your job and do it well, tomorrow new things will be added. Frustrating environment where the customer is always right even when they scream at you and treat you poorly.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Branch, MI","October 31, 2018","3.0"
"Professional workplace environment, lacking in employee compensation","At this position i would handle anywhere from 35-55 loan applications, assigned directly to me. I would reach out every few days to try to move the applications forward towards closing. The hardest part of the job was the ever-changing metrics our bonuses and performance was based on, and the lack of communication from management. However, the most enjoyable part was the hours and the environment. It was a very relaxed, friendly, fun environment that let you work at your own pace. Direct managers were great, upper management was the issue within our department.","Loan Process Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 31, 2018","3.0"
