"Good company poor local management"," this bank is a really great company, but the management in the Central Ohio area for retail banking is awful. Management seems to drive away top talent due to unnecessary micro management. Very challenging to get a salary increase even if you are a top producer.","AVP","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 15, 2014","3.0"
"Productive and Positive workplace","Learned so much and was able to meet goals, so many opportunities for moving around to other job areas.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 14, 2014","5.0"
"Fun and relaxed work place where everyone gets along and you all feel like equals."," this bank is a great place to work for they really care about their employees and it has a family atmosphere. I learned a lot about banking and how to assist customers. I got along with all of my co-workers and I really enjoyed it when we were busy because I prefer to be busy rather then slow. Hardest part about my job was trying to keep up with all the banks changes.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","February 14, 2014","4.0"
"Sales position. Have to sell.","Sales and service. Financial products and services. Manage clients accounts.","FSC","Current Employee","NortherN VA","February 13, 2014","3.0"
"Exceed all expectation.","Exceed all expectation on job. A typical day's work begin with a quick start meeting. At this meeting , we set the daily and weekly goals. We brainstorm on new strategies to incorporate in our desire to achieve success. Team involvement is a big part of our success as every team member plays a significant role in getting our goal accomplish. I have learn to listen, lead and take initiative in solving problems. I strive to provide extraordinary services to all of our customer base so as to build a stronger relationship and expand our growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 13, 2014","5.0"
"Customer oriented Workplace","If you can handle high customer traffic volume and enjoy sales then you will probably enjoy working for this bank.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hagerstown, MD","February 13, 2014","2.0"
" this bank","Mostly 8-5, Management tends to works long hours. Company does offer work from home for professional positions usually 2 days a week. Most co-workers are nice, but are under a lot of pressure, because of banking regulations. The building has an onsite cafeteria with flat screen TV's. There are some offices, but most people are in cubicles.","Recruiter","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 13, 2014","3.0"
"Hope you don't plan on advancing","A typical day consists of being constantly reminded how many people in this world have no clue how to manage their money and that you are solely responsible for anything negative on their accounts. Not all is bad, though, There is much to learn in the world of finance. Learning about CD's, IRA's, 529's, and much more is an exciting part of working in banking. The co-workers are great at the branch that I work at, however, everyday you hear about how much dysfunction there is at other branches.","Workplace champion","Current Employee","Erie, PA","February 12, 2014","3.0"
"A pleasant work place.","I used to work as the Part Time Teller there and then moved up the ranks as the Teller Supervisor. A huge part of my work was related to customer service, we used to have a constant flow of people always coming in and out. I had a wonderful supervisor who taught me how to do the work. The customer always comes first. As long as we do that part well, the rest just follows.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","February 12, 2014","4.0"
"Not a person, just a number","I worked for this bank for 4 years and worked my way from a part time teller to a teller supervisor. I loved my job and my customers but management made it impossible to do my best at my job. I was not given the proper training necessary and once it was announced that the teller sup position would be eliminated(universal branches) I was treated very poorly. Ultimately, I left because my immediate manager mentally and verbally abused me. I would not recommend this job to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pa","February 11, 2014","3.0"
"Financial Representative","Excellent work environment. The enjoyable part of the job was meeting prospective clients and helping them achieve their financial goals with the products and services you provide.","Sr. Relationship Banker - Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","February 10, 2014","5.0"
"Business Analyst","Attend meeting and write requirement for system. System Administration for the PMO software. Create reports of adoption and audit of PMO requirements.","Business Analyst II","Former Employee","Downers Grove IL","February 10, 2014","4.0"
"Wonderful company with great benefits","Great company to work for. Not an easy place to work for as a working mother.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","February 10, 2014","4.0"
"changes within the company","working with the customers and assisting them with their financial needs","Financial Sales Consultant I","Current Employee","wisconsin","February 9, 2014","4.0"
"Not Bad","Pay was decent, don't expect to advance in company though. Health benefits very expensive.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 7, 2014","4.0"
" this bank was pretty okay to work for","I worked in the production control department dealing with HAMP; which was Customer Advocacy before then, but that department got dismantled. My typical day I ordered credit reports, AVM's, broker's price opinions, conducted audits for treasury, monitored trial payments, released foreclosure holds, monitored seven and 30 day certifications for foreclosure and many other tasks I learned a lot from this bank actually. I never had any prior mortgage background so it taught me a lot about default, foreclosure and bankruptcy Management was pretty okay, I had an excellent manager at the time and it made working there a lot easier than most jobs I've held before My co-workers were the reason I left the company. this bank hires the most ridiculous people I've ever met. I've seen shouting matches in the middle of working, I've seen people threaten one another, physical fights almost break out, people filing complaints to HR and much more. It was probably the hardest part of the job, just dealing with them. Sometimes your hard work would go unnoticed, probably another difficult thing to deal with The most enjoyable part about the job was actually saving someones home. Knowing you're helping families really makes what you do more enjoyable.","Program Support Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 6, 2014","4.0"
"The people make the company. Great Culture."," this bank was a great place to work. The culture of the bank is what makes day to day success not just a possibility but a reality. There is always support there from management if you need it.","Manager","Former Employee","Elmhurst, IL","February 5, 2014","4.0"
"low pay with extreme job responsibilites, and lack of leadership","sometimes opening procedures then following up on customer requests for service and assistance. day-to-day responsibilities consist of answering branch phones, assisting customers with opening accounts and account servicing, applying for loans, credit cards, and consult bank customers, and suggest products to help benefit them. management is under pressure to perform, and threatened for lack of better words. co-workers are very diverse from all walks of life and range in age hardest part of the job is dealing with management, and to be motivated to do work, proceed with responsibilities due to lack of compensation and job responsibilities changing constantly. most enjoyable aspect is being able to advise and assist customers and service the community.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","columbus ohio","February 5, 2014","3.0"
"Employee appreciation week is a blast!!!","Working for this bank is a miss. I really enjoyed working there as an employee. The managers and leaders are awesome and mentors. I think it is very important to have leaders as mentors because you learn allot and will help you grow as a person and within the company. The team I worked with I got along and worked as teamwork. The most enjoyable part of working with this bank is 'Employee Appreciation week'. They make sure every employee is important to them. Love...Love...Love working for this organization.","Production Pricing Support Auditor","Former Employee","Grove, IL","February 5, 2014","5.0"
"N/a","I thought this was a good place to work but I am looking to use my degrees that I have earned. Accounting and Business management.","Peak-Time Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 5, 2014","4.0"
"Employee Appreciation","The company has a great way of showing that they appreciate their employees","FINANCIAL SERVICES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","February 5, 2014","4.0"
"company promotes healthy environment","promotes healthy and balanced working environment. Provided fun activities with video game consoles for employees to relax during breaks.","Pipeline Manager","Former Employee","downers grove IL","February 5, 2014","3.0"
"Fulfilling customers needs.","Though this bank's product mix can virtually fit anyone to satisfy the customers needs they don't have the same attention to detail for their employees. My position was helping customers find the right product mix for their financial portfolio. Including, but not limited to, all banking & lending products and other credit options. Then matching the customer to the right investment product. Thoroughly enjoyed making sure my customers were happy and satisfied with my recommendations. My co-workers and I worked hard everyday and learned our jobs though this bank prides themselves in hiring managers that have appeal but no experience in sales or customer service.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 5, 2014","1.0"
"Call center","A good entry level job. I enjoy talking with customers about their financial needs and goals. The hardest part the job is that management is not consistent in their expectations, priorities and objectives. It is a hostile work environment and very unpredictable and no room to grow.","Customer Outreach Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 4, 2014","2.0"
"I loved the people I worked with as we as our customers","A typical day at work would be what you would expect from a bank. we processed customer transactions while providing them with great customer service. I have a great relationship with both my branch manager as well as my teller supervisor. they really were hands-on and always willing to help. the most enjoyable part of my job was hearing customers say that I made their day.","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus Ohio","February 4, 2014","5.0"
"Producitve and satisfiying","Typical days are busy with clients issues.At times being a teacher of sort to some clients in educating them on diffident products according to their individual needs Communication skills very important, lots of patience and problem-solving abilities are required each day. Enjoy my co-workers who are like family. Team work is very important therefore there is no hard part of the job. End of nosiness day feeling the satisfaction of having assisted clients with a verity of problems and needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 3, 2014","5.0"
"great company, needs better management requirements","they will drain every ounce from you. work more hours than the bank is open","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","February 3, 2014","4.0"
"Enjoyed the customer contact","Always enjoyed getting to know the customers. Our branch was located in a smaller sized town and you got to know them pretty well. Enjoyed working with the staff also.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Waynesburg, PA","February 3, 2014","4.0"
"Working at the bank was like being with your family","A typical work day consists of helping customers with their finances, extending great customer service to every customer and keeping up with current events and technology. I learned how to interact with all types of people on all types of levels. I can talk to business professionals on a business about stock, politics or take-overs. I can talk sports all day. I can dabble a bit in fashion but not as much.","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","February 3, 2014","4.0"
"Na"," this bank is a growing organisation from I.T.prospective. The banking services of this bank is at par than any other organisation.","Analyst Programmer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","February 2, 2014","5.0"
"Unwilling to work with family crisis issues.","No allowance for simple mistakes. Pay was not equal to the expectations and stress that were expected.","Banking Teller II","Former Employee","Fairhope, Alabama","January 31, 2014","3.0"
"Ok","It was so/so, nothing major to say good or bad. It was a basic job and the managers/fellow employees were ok.","Financial/Reporting Analyst - Finance","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 31, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyed doing customer service","the most enjoyable part of the job was talking to different types of people in a day.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2014","5.0"
"Great wok enviorment","This company was great to work for and brought about a lot of opportunities.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Port Orange, FL","January 30, 2014","5.0"
"clean & safe","a very safe , fun , productive environment great team/leadership","Banquet Chef","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 29, 2014","5.0"
"Demanding yet very informative","Sales focused, time management a demand. likeable environment. The best part was the flexibility in schedule.","Commercial Banking Assistant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 27, 2014","4.0"
"Challenging work environment","Challenging in a way that, if you're used to dealing with face-to-face customer service, and can hold your own in a diverse environment, then this workplace would be good for you. You work in a branch and it really depends who you work with that will make or break your work experience at the bank. Customers are very diverse in their needs and can be crazy at times. Mostly are cooperative, but once in a while there will be instances that the bank can be confrontational.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","January 27, 2014","4.0"
"great company, my fav place to work","I loved my job here. I learned a lot and never had 2 days the same. Constantly challenged to think outside the box. Management team was fantastic! Co-workers were the BEST!","Vice President of Marketing","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 27, 2014","4.0"
"Co-Workers","Co-Workers were great but they definitely need more training on many aspects of the on-boarding experience for every new hire.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fairfax, VA","January 27, 2014","3.0"
"good enviornment","•a typical day at work. •what you learned. •management. •your co-workers. •the hardest part of the job. •the most enjoyable part of the job","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","January 26, 2014","3.0"
"Strong Regional Bank that sold it's mortgage co. to Washington Mutual","I enjoyed working for this company. It was my first mortgage job with a bank. I began as a community mortgage loan officer and was later promoted to a private banking mortgage advisor.","Private Banking Mortgage Advisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 26, 2014","5.0"
"Good work experience","Although it's not one of the safest places to work, this bank can be a good place to work. I believe the pay for tellers could improve and they should also invest in security.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 26, 2014","3.0"
"great work life balance"," this bank is a great company that provides a nice stress free environment that promotes a wonderful work life balance. I do worry that the sales expectations in order to compete with other financial institutions are balooning to a point where the current employees will no longer value their employment at this bank. I would like a job where I can utilize my experience in an office setting and not be held accountable for 'selling' products and services to clients who do not want or need those products and services.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","January 25, 2014","5.0"
"Management is horrible","Nice place to work for, but when this bank started to close branches and convert two branches into one is terrible... I had the best manager and teller supervisor anyone could ask for, they taught me everything to advance in my career... When the one branch closed and converted to our branch my Manager and Teller Supervisor was let go and that's when everything fell apart... Our branch was always a 5 star and now we are a 3 star branch. Our new Manager and Teller Supervisor have no clue how to handle a bigger branch bc they came from a small branch that was very slow and little staff. Our branch is now very unorganized and no communication within the branch, bc our Manager doesn't like to ask for help nor our Teller Supervisor. My new Manager also took away all of my privileges I had and is making sure I don't advance bc she is not willing to let me do anything as I use too.","Teller","Current Employee","Southwest Pa","January 25, 2014","2.0"
"Good Work Atmosphere got along great with coworker","The relationship with my coworkers are amazing. We get along very well and have a bond that I have never had at a previous job. We laugh and have a good time, the pay could be better.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","8054 reading rd","January 24, 2014","4.0"
"Good Luck","Worked in the Detroit Region. Regional micro managed. My Manager was horrible. Assistant Manager was Great. Customers came in with bad attitudes. Co-workers showed no team work and didn't want to be there. Would prob still be there if I had better co-workers.","Teller Branch Representative","Former Employee","Hazel Park, MI","January 24, 2014","3.0"
"Steady work environment","Enjoyed my time working there. The benefits were decent and so was the pay for a teller position.","Teller Banking Representative I","Former Employee","Emerson, NJ","January 24, 2014","4.0"
"Answering customer questions","Responsible for client contact, financial analysis, and financial product sales, customer service and interfacing with other departments of the bank.","National Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 24, 2014","4.0"
"Got to work from home"," this bank was a nice employer to work for. When the opportunity came up for a work from home team I was selected for it. It was a great opportunity. I would still be working for them if they had not closed the call center I was working in.","Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","January 23, 2014","5.0"
"Commercial Lender","Good pay and benefits as long as goals were met. Hours good - nice work environment.","Vice President - Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","January 23, 2014","4.0"
"Productive","Overall good as can be expected nothing over the top. It was a learning experience and rewarding to gradually grow with the company in time.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, New Jersey","January 22, 2014","3.0"
"Complicated place to work","Collector of mortgage payments, review and document customers financial information to determine if they pre qualify for a loan modification","Collector II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","January 21, 2014","3.0"
"Mortgage lending","Helping clients to obtain financing to purchase a new home or refinance existing mortgage.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","West Linn, OR","January 21, 2014","1.0"
"Can have fun while still getting the job done.","A good company to work for. Room for advancement. Treats employees fairly.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Coraopolis, PA","January 21, 2014","5.0"
"Rates are slightly higher that the competition.","Management is helpful. Training is good but once you are up and running you are on your own.","Mortgage Originator","Current Employee","White Plains, NY","January 21, 2014","3.0"
"Good place to work. Good culture and great workplace environment.","Typical day at work: Arrive at work to open branch and host morning meeting. Review new announcements and summarize sales goals and progress. Highlight successes and areas of improvement. Assist customers with daily service needs and hold sales and financial conversations to uncover financial improvement areas which are also profitable for the company. Review progress of all employees on daily goals and compliance to audit standards through daily check ins. Learned valuable management experience and gained coaching skills. Worked for a great management team along the way. Co-workers were pivotal to branch success and I created a great working team. The hardest part of the job is achieving highest level of profitability for the company and providing the best level of customer service on a daily basis as judged by gallup survey system. Most enjoyable part of the job in interacting with customers and providing excellent service to help assist them in meeting their financial goals.","Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","January 21, 2014","4.0"
"basic, non movitating","The best thing about this place was the customers I helped and developed deeper relationships with.","Teller Representative II","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 20, 2014","1.0"
"Executive Administrative Assistant","• Senior executive administrative support including the management and coordination of scheduling calendars, executive business travel, expense reporting/reconciliation, formal presentations, associate performance reviews/recognition, attendance/vacation records, office supply inventory, reporting/analysis, and general correspondence.","Executive Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 19, 2014","5.0"
"Interoffice conflicts","Worked there for years throughout Columbia county, Pa. No problems until working at Berwick,Pa office. Terrible work environment.","teller","Former Employee","Coumbia County, PA","January 18, 2014","3.0"
"the best job ever","loved working here loved everyone but one person at the branch pay was great and hours were great would go back to work here","Assistant Head Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 16, 2014","5.0"
"friendly workplace with constant watch over actions.","Answering the calls of customers assisting them with banking needs and serving them with the friendliest and most accurate help as possible.","Bank Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 14, 2014","4.0"
"Stressful Job","I worked here for a couple months, I loved my job because of my customers, and security. I really dislike the management. It's very hard to do anything at this job without the right person to say something or directing you in a wrong way.","Teller I","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 14, 2014","3.0"
"discrimintory","I used to work for this place many years ago and was let go for something that everyone does, emailing your co workers. I recently applied again, thinking that if they could see how much more experience I have and how I have matured in areas that would benefit the company, they might consider hiring me again. I passed the phone interview and went to a group interview, all in the same day. Compared to the other applicants, there were at least 10, I had more than enough experience and qualifications for the position of an entry level call center position. I was declined a position with the generic explanation that I did not fit their needs. I'm not sure how that could be when I have over ten years experience. I was actually ok with the decision as I would not want to work the hours they suggested, which was 10-7 and EVERY Saturday. They make it sound like you are eligible to change those hours after you've worked there, but we all know how that will most likely work out. Favoritism, I'm sure is how they run this company. The other thing that people need to be aware of is downsizing, that occurs often and employee over turn. Why do they have so many positions open? Because they can't keep their employees.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 13, 2014","1.0"
"Only bank still growing","Marketing is devoted to growing in a new market. Working with an outside marketing firm to ensure positive growth for each branch helps to increase market presence.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 13, 2014","4.0"
"Great for growth and advancement","Work is non-stop customer service. I've learned patience and time manangement. My co-workers are awesome. The hardest part of the job is telling a customer NO. The most enjoyable part of my is a happy customer.","Teller","Current Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","January 13, 2014","5.0"
"Very well rounded place to work","I was a floater so I worked in many different branches, but every branch from Dover to Middletown management was great. The customers had to warm up to me but after that I had no problems. There really wasn't a hard part to this job. The enjoyable part was counting money and the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Dover, DE","January 13, 2014","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good company to work for, however like anything that you do there are going to be imperfections. Be careful and ensure that detail is top of the list when it comes to your work.","TELLER BANKING SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","January 12, 2014","4.0"
"OK if you are just starting out.","Management is fine. this bank makes managers VP's however they have no say over raises or what their direct reports make. Typical corporation stuff. They hire you for under $10/hr and dangle the carrot...'I've had people make x amount...' or 'so and so got promoted to...' Co-workers were nice. Customer base is generally dissatisfied w/ this bank. Interest rates paid are dreadfully low. As a teller you refer people more and more to the ATM's which is in effect making tellers obsolete. Which is what this bank wants. More machines and less employees to pay benefits to. Many employees have 2nd jobs because this bank is not enough by itself.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 11, 2014","2.0"
"Productive Place","Good place to work in it is a very happy environment. Employees are very out going and care about you. They are always smiling and ready to help service you","Teller","Current Employee","New jersey","January 10, 2014","4.0"
"very good organization","Company takes care of their employees; good training programs; dedicated to local causes and is a 'home town' bank.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","January 10, 2014","4.0"
"loved my job but had to go !!!","worked as a teller loved my job but had to leave husband's job relocated to texas","teller","Former Employee","okeechobee fl","January 10, 2014","5.0"
"Nice place to work","I would answer any calls that came in about a customers accounts. I learned about different kind of accounts the bank had to offer. I also learned about Capital One loans for cars and homes. Management was well informing, if you did something wrong or needed help with something they were there to help you. The co-workers were friendly and would help out if you needed it. The hardest part of my job was handling the irate customers and the easiest part was also the customers I like to talk to people.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2014","4.0"
"Teller Responsibilities for handling customer transactions at banks, including taking deposits, disbursing cash, opening accounts, and investigating f","• Process routine account transactions. Open accounts, including savings and checking. • Help customers fill out deposit and withdrawal slips. Use adding machine. Disburse money to customers. • Validate the deposit slip and stamp it by machine. • Check for photo identification. Assist customers at the drive-through window • Greet people warmly and direct them to appropriate bank personnel. • Handle loan payments and cash checks. Sell traveler's checks and money orders. • Collect loan and utility payments. Promote bank products. Record all transactions. • Report suspicious activity to police. Exchange foreign currency. • Count cash at beginning nd end of shift. • Balance currency, cash and checks in cash drawer at end of each shift.","Teller Responsibilities","Former Employee","Secaucus, NJ","January 10, 2014","5.0"
"Productive and fast-paced environment with strict attention to detail","A typical day at work begins with reviewing credit approvals for new and existing accounts to determine whether or not real estate is being taken as collateral. Reviewing the details of a credit approval is necessary since not all accounts and terms therein are the same. Once it is determined that real estate will be taken as collateral, then we follow certain guidelines to determine whether or not the real estate in question is located in a flood zone. If the real estate is in a flood zone, then we are required by the Federal Regulators to perform what is called flood due diligence to ensure proper flood insurance is in place before a loan can close on an account. My group is rather small within a larger operations group. There are about three (3) of us along with our direct manager. We work well together and learn from one another in order to get the job done. Performing flood due diligence can be difficult at times, depending on how many properties are located in flood zones. Every account brings its own 'personality' if you will, to the table. Some are very simple and some require more attention. All in all, it is very interesting work and I learn something new everyday that keeps me on my toes. Aside from flood due diligence, I am also in charge of six (6) regions whereby I work closely with the relationship managers and the attorneys on different accounts to resolve legal exceptions. Legal exceptions are created after closing documents are received and reviewed to ascertain what is missing from the loan documents or if any deficiencies exist within the loan documents. - more...","Legal Documentation","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
"Quality Assurance Analyst","Excellent job, and wonderful opportunities to write defects and make sure the defects were corrected before going into production","Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 9, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed working for this bank, They are the best Mortgage Company","Hired as a partner for this bank Retail to service current mortgage customers, generate and acquire new mortgage customers, partner with realtors and title companies, and supply customers with new banking options to meet immediate and long term goals. • Manage the entire processing of the loan, maintained the underwriter's guidelines and closing of the loan. Coordinating these services throughout Ohio and the rest of the United States. • Meet with new and current customers in the this bank branch and/or accommodate in-home appointments • Refer mortgage customers to other divisions of this bank to offer them additional banking and investment options/services. • Cover four this bank branches in Franklin, Delaware, Knox, and Licking counties. • Cold calls to current this bank customers to offer them mortgage options with the entire loan process completed via phone, internet and fax.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","January 9, 2014","5.0"
"Sale Oriented","A typical day of work would consists of begging customers to do something they don't want to do.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","January 9, 2014","3.0"
"Ok workplace","It is a decent work place, but not a position that I would personally want to advance in. The company is a difficult company to work with, but the individual branch itself is pretty decent.","Peak-Time Teller","Current Employee","Mays Landing, NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
"Good firm wasn't there long enough to have a fair assessment.","Good firm wasn't there long enough to have a fair assessment.","Investment Accountant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","January 9, 2014","3.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for. this bank has a great teamwork enviroment.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Plainboro NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
"productive and fun place to work at","A fun place to work at with lots of support resources. People are friendly and helpful, they make you feel like you are part of the team","Personal Banker","Current Employee","cincinnati oh","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"Great opportunity for Advancement","Each and everyday is a new experience working at this bank. Lots of opportunity for growth within the company.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","MD","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"Fun place to work with great people.","I enjoy going to work because my coworkers are intelligent, competent and fun to be around. They are like a second family to me. My supervisors and the company really seem to care about my advancement and career development. The only thing I dislike about my job is sometimes dealing with unruly customers.","TELLER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place To Work.","Underwriting Foreclosed For Fannie Mae. With a pipeline of 220 loan a month.","Loss Mitigation Specialist III","Former Employee","Jacksonville Fl.","January 8, 2014","5.0"
"Good Company with customer oriented business plan.","The management in the mortgage division is not on par with the bank itself. The mortgage division is still trying to develop an identity and constantly is reinventing the processes which creates the disorganization that follows new implementation. The mid level management has no origination experience and so does not fuilly understand origination outside of the bank referrals. Good people with good intentions. I hope they get it right.","FL","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"It was an enjoyable job until the consolidation","I worked with a great group of women until the two branches in our town consolidated then every thing we were told was not the truth and I lost my confidence in my future with the bank","Teller","Former Employee","Greencastle, IN","January 8, 2014","1.0"
"Was a great place to work when it was NCM","Great place to work when Company was owned by NCM but when this bank took over it all changed.","Branch Operations Manager III","Former Employee","San Diego, CA","January 8, 2014","5.0"
"worst employer ever","rude management, very unprofessional staff. no one knew there job responsibilities at all. i thought working at the bank would be a amazing step up for me, but it was a huge disappointment an a huge step backwards.","Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 8, 2014","1.0"
"Productive and Sales Driven","A typical day at work entails completing teller transactions, communicating with clients to drive loans, credit cards, investment and business referrals, and checking accounts. I've learned a lot about mortgages, investments, and business, while enhancing my communication, analytical, and organization skills. Management is great and most definitely makes employee growth a priority. Co-workers are very team oriented and productive. The hardest part of the job is finding new solutions to drive customer interaction and participation. The most enjoyable part of the job is interacting with customers to find a solution to their questions and concerns.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"Teller Station All Day","Diposit checks, cash checks, withdrawal money from diferent accounts, referrals, cashiers checks, money orders. Work with money all day.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Holland, MI","January 7, 2014","3.0"
"Great fostering of teamwork","I was able to interact face to face with customers experiencing hardships and assist them in anyway possible to remain in their home. This was also one of the hardest aspects of my work because you become involve with people going through one of the hardest phases of their lives. I worked remotely from home and traveled weekly in order to attend different events set up by government agencies and non-profits organizations as well. I attended both contested and non-contested trials as a witness in behalf of the bank in order to prove ultimate ownership of the note/property once in default. I had the pleasure of being part of an eight person team, while only three of us participated in the default work; we all got along and could count on each other as necessary. I learned to be a better listener and understand that a little compassion and empathy goes a long way.","Default Litigation","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","January 7, 2014","5.0"
"Excellent work environment","This is my review for the company this bank that I work for. A typical day includes driving to work, working, then driving home.","Finance","Current Employee","Somewhereville PA","January 6, 2014","5.0"
"Overall Good Company to Work For","The company is fair, compensation is on par for the positions, and there is room to grow, you just have to know people.","Senior Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2014","4.0"
"Great work environment","Great place to work with a fantastic regional management team. Overall this bank was a great learning environment.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","York, PA","January 4, 2014","5.0"
"Pleasant working atmosphere","Excellent training top to bottom. A great place to work! Employees are treated kind and fair","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2014","5.0"
"fun place to work","it is fun place to work, Day go by very fast, very busy but less pressure. very pleasant work environment. good people to work wtih.","Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Warrenville, IL","January 3, 2014","5.0"
"procuctive and fun place to work for","The expericence working at this bank is great and friendly atmostere. customer are friendly","Senior Teller","Current Employee","Potomac, MD","January 3, 2014","5.0"
"Favoritism run rampid","The best part of this job are the co-workers, the worst part is the favoritism shown by the management staff.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Upper St Clair PA","January 3, 2014","1.0"
"Perfect work place","Processed customers' financial transactions quickly and accurately, while adhering to established identification and security safeguards. Continually strived to improve or recommend ways to improve service and efficiency levels in all services to customers. Introduced bank products and services appropriate to the customer's needs. Proofed bank work for accuracy at the completion of each day.","Teller","Former Employee","Closter, NJ","January 3, 2014","5.0"
"Great learning experience","Great learning experience. Quick time frames, fast paced and full of technical challenges.","Technical Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 2, 2014","3.0"
"Do Not Work as a Branch Financial Sales Rep for this bank!!","The only good thing I have to say about this bank is that they are a good place to gain entry level experience in banking. Once you get your experience though get the heck out! Their training is horrendous, all they care about are SALES #'s. They didn't care that I had a customer service score of 4.98/5.00 (yes, Gallup the company that conducts polling will randomly call your customers to ascertain satisfaction.) All I heard after carrying such a high service score was I was doing a bad job and all this other BS just because my sales numbers were middle of the pack. My biggest gripe with this company is the pay, it is PATHETIC!!!. My annual raise was .15 cents an hour. I started making 11.50 / hr, after my 'Big' promotion I was making 12.50 /hr. The majority of the customers that you will see on a given day will be very escalated due to poor company training and no accountability. So your day basically consists of putting out fires other people started. Customer Service incentives were easy to hit however the sales goals were nearly impossible. Management wants you to be a robot for the company and never question processes that are made by people who haven't been in a retail branch in 10 years. All in all, It is not worth it unless you are an entry level candidate looking to gain experience. 24k base pay for a lot of headaches.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Middleburg Heights, OH","December 30, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and fun work place.","Financial Sales Consultant. • Marketing: Come up with and implement marketing activities geared toward new and existing customers in order to promote and obtain new business. • Customer Service: Work with customers daily in order to complete requests and solve issues. • Sales: Meet and exceed weekly goals. • Teller transactions: Complete account transactions for customers. • Platform: Open accounts, CDs, money market accounts, IRA referrals, refinance homes, car loans, etc. • Trainer: Tain new employees. • Audits: Have passed all audits.","FINANACIAL CONSAULTANT","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","December 30, 2013","5.0"
"Look for something better","My first and only bank job. It pays lower than most banks out there. It depends on what branch you go to. Some are much more friendlier to work in than others","CUSTOMER SALES ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","alexandria, va","December 29, 2013","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Every day is a different day, which is what I loved the most. I also enjoyed working with a client base.","Associate Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 29, 2013","5.0"
" this bank Wealth Management","Provided administrative support to Managing Director, Trust Advisors and Investment Advisors as well as quality Client service by responding to Client inquiries and researching and resolve problems in a timely manner. Answered written correspondence handles telephone inquiries and other miscellaneous routine requests. Generates and maintains positive Client relationships. Verify with Clients that all requests have been satisfied. In addition, provides operational support/account maintenance to Managers, Advisors, Client Development Officers or Relationship Managers with regard to this bank AMG products.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Boston, MA","December 28, 2013","5.0"
"Great Place to work.","Typical day in management deals with customer service and team development. The most enjoyable part of the job was developing future leaders.","President","Former Employee","pittsburgh, pa 15219","5.0"
" this bank in a Glance","A typical day at this bank consisted of meeting with clients both current and new. It also consisted of conducting cold calls to clients to offer products/services, which the client was not already utilizing. The management structure was by far complicated. There were many managers over me and it generally created conflicting sides based on the information received by the employee The co-workers were most of the time willing to help. this bank tried to implement a 'team environment' and in most cases was able to achieve this. The hardest part of the job was the downtime. I am a person who likes to stay busy, and there was too much downtime somedays. The most enjoyable part of the job was assisting clients and helping them financially the best way possible. It made me happy when my clients were satisfied with the services I had provided.","Financial Sales Consultant I","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 24, 2013","4.0"
"The worst bank Ive worked for yet!!!","I've had a great career in banking with the exception of this bank. No platform training, poor management and be prepare to use a script that has a pass or fail model that might cost you your job. this bank is definitely not a company I would recommend anyone to. The people I worked with were under-paid and over-worked. The RM seems like a great position but trust me it isn't the dream job they sold me. BEWARE!!!","Private Client Group Relationship Mgr","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 23, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and fun working place","Very nice place where you not only help people but everyone is willing to help you.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2013","5.0"
"Easy going","Enjoyed the people I worked with Management not the greatest","LEAD ISSUE RESOLUTION","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2013","3.0"
"Productive and friendly work environment.","Manages customer portfolios, maintain establish professional rapport, cross-sells all products and services. Provides broad base of financial and credit services with the goals of acquiring 100% of the customer's business Uses profiling analysis tools to identify cross sell opportunities and makes outbound sales calls typically by phone to increase product per customer ratio. Administrative duties include faxing, filing, and copying, answering multi-line phone, participate in weekly marketing calls, and managing inventory. Daily calendar maintenance, schedule customer appointments, and attend weekly meetings with managers. Greet customers, oversight of day-to-day operations, edit, review, and production of letters, reports, and assisting management as needed Establish and build positive rapport and long term relationships with our customer base.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Upper Marlboro,Md","December 19, 2013","4.0"
"High pressure position","stressful work atmosphere always threatened with performance review if numbers not met. also gives higher goals when you meet set numbers.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","North Cape May, NJ","December 19, 2013","2.0"
"na","Great company to work for. It a great way to start your career. hardest park of the job is learning all the products and the sell in a grocery store.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hopewell, NJ","December 18, 2013","5.0"
"Great Employees and Advancement Opportunities","I love my job at this bank because of my coworkers. They have become very close friends and it makes this company a great place to work. Managers listen and are understanding, I always feel that my opinion matters. It seems that fellow employees are constantly earning promotions and building their careers. This is a fantastic company to work for if banking is the desired field.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 17, 2013","5.0"
"productive","similar work culture as fedex. very organized when coming to planing and distribution of work among the team mates.","Oracle DBA","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 17, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent","Fun with customer interaction and co workers, Great Company to work for..","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","December 17, 2013","5.0"
"Fun & Productive workplace","Great company to work for, team work and outreach in the community are key winning points and why this bank is successful as a whole","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Brunswick, OH","December 16, 2013","4.0"
"Financial Services","As part of the large financial institution working with small business owner, I managed financial sales team. It was a pleasure to assist small business owners develop their businesses/","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","December 16, 2013","3.0"
"non productive no rules no guidelines.","no rules no guidelines the poorest management group ever in jacksonville florida.","LOS MIT REP 2","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2013","1.0"
"Great career starter","This is a great company to start your banking career. They are focused on great customer service and providing support to their employees","VP Branch Manager III","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 13, 2013","4.0"
"Overall great company to work for","Overall Great Company to work for, with the exception that it seems the company is trending everyday toward a retail style bank, offering less human resources and demanding more work with less pay.","BRANCH MANAGER II","Current Employee","New Jersey","December 12, 2013","4.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for and further your career. I recommend it to anyone .","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Erie, PA","December 12, 2013","5.0"
"great job good benefits","I liked this job because it was an overnight job. check processing sorting were the duties","Sorter operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 12, 2013","5.0"
"Good Company","Good company to work for. Left because I was searching for a better opportunity closer to home","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","December 12, 2013","4.0"
"Constant Stress bad Management","The worst part of the job was worrying about getting fired for the small small things. If it's even a problem in the system always blame it on the employs.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 12, 2013","2.0"
"Poor training and direction","I was hired to manage a team of outside sales associates. We were given three days of training and told to secure 100 checking accounts a month for a company that has less the 1 percent market share in Orlando. Unrealistic goals and expectations combined with poor training and guidance didn't make for a good experience.","Sales Ambassador Manager","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","December 11, 2013","1.0"
"Temporary assignment","I was working here as a temp until the department closed down. A typical day would include processing the current days transactions from all the area branches.","Proof Operator","Former Employee","Cleveand,OH","December 11, 2013","4.0"
"Very sterile, impersonal environment","I was a remote Underwriter working from home. I had very little underwriting support or tech support.","Remote Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2013","2.0"
"Superior/Unique oral and written communication skills and the ability to maintain a cooperative spirit from individuals and groups","Results-driven and a versatile professional with the ability to boost profits and organizational effectiveness","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2013","5.0"
"Excellent place to work with great people","I truly enjoy working where I work now. However, I am looking for an opportunity to utilize the financial acumen I developed in the CFA program. I would prefer an analytical role.","Sales and Service Specialist Coordinator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 10, 2013","5.0"
"A typical day at work","The first year I was in the Customer Service Call Center taking inbound calls. Explaining escrow, taking payments on current loans, open tasks (request) from misapplied payments, requesting payments for insurance and/ or taxes, copy of 1098. Second year accepted the position in Customer Service Inquiry Support Team - we process all the faxes and open all task.","Customer Service Inquiry Support Team III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2013","3.0"
"One of the top banks in the country"," this bank was good place to work for and seems to care about it's employees.","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","New Smyrna Beach Branch","December 9, 2013","4.0"
"Great Platform for Training and Development","I managed 30-40 employees every quarter with quality call monitors. I learned an extensive of amount of knowledge regarding and paying attention to details. I was selected to head up the Gallup surveys and hold refresher courses for new training. The hardest part of my job was dealing with the inconsistencies of information from one department to another. The most enjoyable part of my job was interacting and teaching the people I managed.","Risk Management","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2013","3.0"
"such an unhappy place to work","Management at branch and regional level are so inundated with conference calls, emails and busy work from upper level management that it breeds an environment of uptight, frightened branch managers. Of course, this trickles down to tellers and desk help This is just a sort of amusing observation... each Oct or so we would receive several boxes of this bank calendars to give to our customers. The last 3 years i was employed with this bank we would get a large interoffice envelope in early december with one of the calendars in it wishing us a joyous holiday season. This was our Christmas gift from this bank.","Teller II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 9, 2013","2.0"
"Productive & Friendly Enviornment","I have learned working with multiple assignments simultaneously. Learned to work with minimum documentation and minimum supervision","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 8, 2013","5.0"
"I really enjoyed working at the bank. I like the interaction with customers. My husband retired and we moved to Florida.","My daily duties included deposits, payments, address changes and general customer service inquiries.","Teller","Former Employee","Laurinburg, NC","December 8, 2013","5.0"
"Fantastic group I worked with","I was given opportunity to advance and I worked with a great team.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Crisfield, MD","December 5, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and easy going work place.","I have learned many different things from all of my previous jobs. They have all given me opportunity to grow into the person that I am today in the workplace.","Teller Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","December 4, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for. Many opportunities and a great leadership team.","Business System Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","December 4, 2013","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank has been a great company to work for. The culture makes for a very pleasant work day.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Easton, PA","December 3, 2013","5.0"
"Great Potential","I think that this bank-Investments is fine overall and will be a great place to be in several years, but unfortunately at the moment it is still a bank in transition due to RBC being acquired by this bank. I enjoy my job and meeting with clients but the reality is that the bank only has 2 percent of the regional market share and to further complicate things RBC didn't have a sales culture and there have been significant hurdles trying to implement one.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","December 3, 2013","3.0"
"Typical day at work","A typical day at work starts out with a quick start where we share a positive tip or idea for the day. I then make follow up phone calls, running transaction when needed, and pull reports for the monthly file. I have learned to manage a teller line by coaching to ensure the tellers reach their personal goals to help improve the banks over all sales. With managing I have also learned how to understand co-workers personalities and how to approach co-workers the right way to get the task done right the first time. The hardest part of my job is making cold calls for sales opportunities. I would much rather pitch a product that I believe would truly help my clients financial well-being, rather than just pushing any product. The most enjoyable part of being a teller supervisor is being able to help my clients with their financial troubles, and I also enjoy managing the cash on hand at the branch to ensure we have great customer service.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Jupiter, FL","December 3, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work","I enjoyed my job with my this bank Family, That is why I want to get back to this bank. It was like working with a family and always feel like you were a team player. I loved all my co workers i have worked with. And my managers I have worked with. I have to say the MOST enjoyable part of my job is going to work to wait on my customers and being with my this bank Family. I really don't think I have ever had a hard part of my job. I enjoy it so much.","Job Duties Bank Teller","Former Employee","Clio, Michigan","December 3, 2013","5.0"
"Normally relaxed work place with an occasional spike in the amount of work that is required.","The branch I currently work at is normally pretty relaxed. The only problems are with the customers who can be needy, overbearing and to be quite honest, pretty stupid because they are grown men and women who do not want to learn how to do things for themselves. Frustrating can be an understatement at times, but like i said, that is only like once a month because we have certain busy days. My co-workers are great, the management is very helpful and is always willing to teach.","Full Time Teller - Data entry, cash handling","Current Employee","louisville, ky","December 2, 2013","4.0"
"Was a nice place to work for","My head teller was very nice, If you had any questions she was very helpful in assisting you, Got to know people who were regular customers and establish a relationship with them. Most people who came the the bank were very nice. All my co-workers were nice.The end of the day was kind of stressful when it came time to count your drawer and make sure it balanced.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","December 2, 2013","3.0"
"Enjoying sightseeing","A typical day at work, show up with uniform and on time, on the other hand your day would start wrong and all your stops would be late. I learned to drive a bigger vehicle than what I have and different routes such as different places in New Jersey. Management was ok and co-workers the same. The hardest part of the job was when I was locked in between two steel doors for more than a hour and not being able to come out until someone would come or answer the walkie talkie. The most enjoyable part of the job was when you would show up at your destination and someone from the bank would need you to translate.","Mobile Transaction Facilitator","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","December 2, 2013","3.0"
"Full time bank teller","enjoyed working at this bank however I wanted to advance and learn more office procedures","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Berlin, NJ","November 30, 2013","4.0"
"Working at this bank","Senior management needs to be more involved with the staff to understand the strengths and weaknesses of their employees.","Finance Project Manager I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 28, 2013","3.0"
"Very educational environment to work in"," this bank has been a Company that I have worked for, for a long time. It's an environment that is constantly changing so you learn something new all the time. Most of my day is spent making sure borrower's are taken care of in the most professional manner. Always learning and processing Investor Guidelines however, that can also be the most difficult part of the job. You need to be very accurate. My favorite part of my job are my co-workers. I love being around people.","EHLP Negotiator","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","November 26, 2013","4.0"
"pruductive work place with ample chance for advancement","Well trained coworkers. Knowledgeable management. Travel was inconvenient","wire rep 2","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 26, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent Job","Wonderful place to work. Abundant resources for doing your job well.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 25, 2013","5.0"
"greeting customers","did not like working for this company at all this was a place that played to much and management was not good at all coworkers where okay the hardest job for me was just coming in, there was no enjoyable part of the day but going home for the day","Allied Barton Security Officer","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 25, 2013","1.0"
"I am not happy.","I am not happy at this bank because there are no advancement and no full time opportunities. The management are not helpful and cooperative","Teller Representative I","Current Employee","Homerglen, IL","November 23, 2013","3.0"
"Great Company, strong in competition","Truly enjoyed going to work every day. this bank a great banking family, who endorsed balance and family. Heavy quality interaction with the clients and potential future clients thru this bank conversation. Growing the business and the brand was key to daily function, however, shoving the brand down the throats of the community was certainly not the culture from a typical banking perspective.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Wellington, FL","November 22, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and room for advancement","A typical day at this bank would be processing teller transactions, referring bank products by having conversations with clients, opening new accounts, CD's, processing small loans, settling teller cash draw. I learned that this bank cares about their clients and offers a grow up great program for children, to be fast and efficient, how to set a good example by my actions, to strive for achievement and to exceed all customer needs. Management in most branches cared about their employees and recognized ones talents and ambition to succeed and helped in advancement. Co-workers work together as a team in down time offer to help other team members so no one falls behind during busy branch hours. The hardest part of the job is when other team members call out. the most enjoyable part of the job, looking forward to greeting bank clients, protecting and serving client needs, satisfying client concerns,","Customer Service","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","November 22, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and a great working environment","A typical day at work is to come in continue working on files, gathering documents and closing loans.","Mortgage Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Garden City, NY","November 22, 2013","5.0"
"good company","I enjoyed most of my employment with this bank but I reached a time where I felt like I wouldn't move up any further so it was time for me to move on","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Williamstown, NJ","November 22, 2013","5.0"
"No room for advancement","regional management is poor, and ruins the experience foe the branches. Too much micromanagement. No room to advance to another division of the bank unless you live in pittsburgh.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Branch Manager","November 21, 2013","3.0"
"Not the caring company they proclaim to be.","Was not the company they claimed to be. They said they would take care of their employees first because they need to be taken care of so that our customer's can be taken care of. When my work performance started to decline, they never once asked me what was the cause. They just let me go.","Teller I","Former Employee","Gulf Shores, AL","November 21, 2013","1.0"
"Great place to work","This is a great company with great benefits. The bank is one of the most stable, well funded banks in the industry. It was affected very little by the housing market a few years ago. As a matter of fact, the company bought two banks since then. If you are looking for a company that has great benefits and an opportunity to grow in the financial services industry, this is the place to be.","August","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 20, 2013","5.0"
"professional, high technology"," this bank is the 5th largest bank in the nation. It's brand is valued by emplyees and customers and is a respected company to work for.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","St. Peters Mo","November 19, 2013","5.0"
"customers","The customers are what made this job great, and enjoyable to come to work.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Meadville, PA","November 19, 2013","3.0"
"A smooth day with no problems","Everyday was always different. There was always different questions ask and differt answers","ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK III","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 18, 2013","5.0"
"Great Enviroment!","Customer service is what this bank is all about. this bank is also very great with employee satisfaction!","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Berwyn IL","November 15, 2013","5.0"
"Great employer","Great employer and a great learning and advancement work place.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee"," this bank Boulevard Branch,Falls church ,va","November 14, 2013","5.0"
"Sales Consulstant","A typical day of work would consist of taking incoming calls from customer's and helping them with there checking and savings accounts. After I serviced the customer, I would engage in conversation to see what products and services with the customer that would best suit their needs. I was trained in selling in loans except mortgages, credit cards, checking account, CD's and savings accounts. The management and my co-workers were always friendly and helpful.","Registered Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2013","4.0"
"Good place to start your career","Ideal for job applicants who are just entering in the financial servicing industry. Moderate pay, lots of opportunities to learn the trade. Opportunities for advancement. The company could have invested more in automation resources.","NAV OPS Investment Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 14, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to see and listen to shows.","Great place to see and listen to shows. Well organized with friendly staff.","RUNNER","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","November 14, 2013","5.0"
"Great environment to work and grow.","My typical day at work would be assisting customers with their transactions and providing them with excellent customer service.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Norfolk, VA","November 13, 2013","4.0"
"amazing place to work,","a success and goal driven place to work. My manager is so goal focused and I just can't believe people who actually care about your success are in these types of positions. She pushes all of us and cross trains us to know how to do everything in the branch so that we will al be prepared individually to handle any issue or situation. Now I can't speak for every this bank branch, but I know at my location it is a dream job come true.","Full time teller","Current Employee","rocky mount, nc","November 13, 2013","5.0"
"Unfair","After many years of good service and dedication to customers and co-workers, it meant nothing to the new management that took over after branches were closed and staff was relocated.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Franklin, NC","November 13, 2013","2.0"
"A Productive work place","Resolve late stage mortgage delinquency on Collect payment on residential/rental properties via payment arrangements or other option Verify and update client financial data. Knowledge of state legalities and FDCPA laws","Collections Representative II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 12, 2013","4.0"
"Customer Service Oriented Banking","I have worked at various banks in Chicagoland: MB Financial, First Midwest, and bank N (now this bank). Based on my experience, this bank trains its employees best in customer service. Meeting sales goals can be easy to difficult depending in the branch you work for, and FOOT TRAFFIC (very important).","Banker","Former Employee","Long Grove, IL","November 12, 2013","4.0"
"Productive","Traveled using company vehicle to assigned branches.The people at that branches were very helpful and friendly. I enjoyed the freedom as well.","COURIER","Former Employee","philadelphia","November 12, 2013","4.0"
"Nice place to work good management","Production environment, fast pace job. Good group of people to work with. Supervisors were knowledgeable and good to work with.","Proof Operator","Former Employee","Linthicum, MD","November 12, 2013","2.0"
"Wonderful place to work for with great benefits and opportunities for advancement.","This was one of my most favorite jobs. The opportunities were great and the ability to advance your position were always there. The co workers were great; supportive and helpful. There was always new things to learn and all of those things were helpful toward advancement.","Product Client Service Represative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 12, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and dedicated to customer service","Responsible for planning, organizing, directing, and controlling transactions related to processing operations Provides direction to staff members in resolving problems which arise with internal or external customers. Meets with customers to determine needs, solicit feedback on service levels and implement solutions to address issues","Officer","Former Employee","College Park, GA","November 11, 2013","4.0"
"work at this bank","The work is not to heard. typically change computers out for new ones. hardest part was lifting the PC's","computer technician","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","November 11, 2013","1.0"
"Great company to work for.","Fast paced workplace Lot of advancement opportunities. Co-workers were willing to help out in times of heavy workloads.","Collateral Team Member II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2013","5.0"
"Billing Specialist","New company with high hopes, but the business failed, and people were laid off.","Senior Medical Claims Processor","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","November 9, 2013","1.0"
"Na","Develop team members - both entry level and senior level, supervising workflow and quality of loss mitigation activity; working with management team to identify problems and improve the department and keep our clients in their home; communicating company and unit policy, procedures, and practices; involvement in employment decisions and setting performance standards; training and coaching staff; writing and conducting performance evaluations; performing budgetary, product and/or business case analysis; researching/analyzing special projects as assigned.","Loss Mitigation Team Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 9, 2013","5.0"
" this bank is trying to monopolize the banking industry","After the merger between this bank, and bank N, this bank tended to adopt most of National Cities practices. I am not sure why a huge successful bank would buy a failing bank and then adopt their practices.","Network Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 8, 2013","3.0"
"Productive","Strive to ensure customer service. Get paid on what you produce.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Lincroft, NJ","November 8, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyable day at work with team members","The most enjoyable part of my job is to spend a work day with people that are not only co-workers but friends at work. They are people that are willing to help me in everything I might need help with during my time at work. Having a manager that not only cares about my success at work but my success with the company is also very enjoyable. I had the blessing of working for a branch near home, and the best part of this is to work to assist customers that I already know. It gives me a feeling of satisfaction to know that my customers believe in me. They never hesitate to ask for anything because they know I am always willing to answer any questions they might have. They also know I will never recommend a product to them if I know that it is not going to be beneficial for them.","ATM teller","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","November 7, 2013","5.0"
"Awesome place to work amazing place to bank","Great Work Atmosphere! Felt like a big family. You had constant communications with district and regional managers as a finicial sales consultant. That was a plus to be able to show your ability and have open lines of communication with management. Training was fun and interesting. I learned to really understand people as customers and as sellers. The company made sure to keep their employees in mind with awesome sales rallies, not to mention the rewards, acknowledgments, and contests. this bank really is a great company to be a part of.","Financial Sales Representative","Former Employee","Elizabeth, NJ","November 6, 2013","5.0"
"Wonderful Experience","Personal Growth. Great Team. Awesome Management. Good Sales Experience. Management makes learning on the job interesting.","Financial Sales Consultant - Switcher","Former Employee","Ashburn, VA","November 6, 2013","5.0"
"Diverse work environment; good core values","Great opportunities to learn. Good community involvement as a company","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 6, 2013","4.0"
"productive work place","Balance currency, coin, and checks in cash drawers at ends of shifts, and calculate daily transactions using computers, calculators, or adding machines. Cash checks and pay out money after verifying that signatures are correct, that written and numerical amounts agree, and that accounts have sufficient funds. Receive checks and cash for deposit, verify amounts, and check accuracy of deposit slips. Examine checks for endorsements and to verify other information such as dates, bank names, identification of the persons receiving payments and the legality of the documents. Enter customers' transactions into computers in order to record transactions and issue computer-generated receipts. Count currency, coins, and checks received, by hand or using currency-counting machine, in order to prepare them for deposit or shipment to branch banks or the Federal Reserve Bank.","bank teller","Current Employee","Gladwyne, PA","November 6, 2013","5.0"
"Very Diverse","Love the people I work with however there isn't a defined policy. It's like they make it up as they go along.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","November 5, 2013","3.0"
"Flexability to balance work and home life","A typical day consists of working daily reports sent by management, following up with attorneys via email and telephone communications in regards to foreclosure actions, keep open line of communication with various departments within the company to obtain necessary information to move forward with foreclosure.","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 5, 2013","3.0"
"Sales driven, fun environment, commission with high turn over.","Assist multiple Loan Officers with VA, FHA and Conventional Purchase and Refi loan transactions. Have direct and constant communication with the Borrower, Realtors, Underwriters and Loan Processors throughout the loan process from set-up to closing. Order appraisals, credit reports, title and insurance. Process Closing Letters as directed by Loan Officer.","Loan Officer Assistant","Former Employee","O'Fallon, IL","November 5, 2013","4.0"
"Current","I have a job and I can feed my family. In the end, its not what you got but what you gave, not what you bought, but what you built. Family is all that matters.","Senior Tech Implementation Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 5, 2013","3.0"
"Competitive, cohesive environment, which coached success through partnerships.","Managed team of 16 Relationship Managers (Net Assets: $645,000,000) in the territory covering Central Maryland. Managed all sales activities and results of a team of 16 Relationship Managers. Responsible for collaborating with all retail department market managers, to maintain success, through partnerships, that enhances profitability and growth.","Private Client Group Team Manager","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 4, 2013","4.0"
"Great culture"," this bank has a great culture for recruiting those wanting to excel and do things right.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","November 4, 2013","3.0"
"Great Group of People","I very much enjoyed the people and customers that I worked with. We were constantly adding new products and procedures to improve life for our customers and our day to day work environment.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Baltimore Md","November 4, 2013","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work!","They work with your schedule! Great job for someone wanting a career in fine jewelry.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2013","5.0"
"amazing company with plenty of good moral!","account opening and reviews. establishing relationships with clients to build trust and moral. self educating on changes and advancements within the financial industry. I have learned how to handle 'big box' store duties and responsibilities, while in a small box store. my co workers aren;t as 'for the team' as i am the hardest part of the job is........ (there isn't one in my opinion). and in conclusion the most enjoyable part of my day is knowing a clients name and situation and them remembering your name after weeks if not months of not being there on an every day basis","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Towson MD","November 4, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work, culture and benefits","Great management and opportunities for advancement. Position has structure but day to day activities constantly change which keeps the job enjoyable.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Wauwatosa, WI","November 3, 2013","5.0"
"inbound customer service","inbound customer service helping customer with their mortgage making payments reviewing and ordering loan documents","Document Specialist","Former Employee","jacksonville, fl","November 1, 2013","3.0"
"Fast paced branch lacks competent management","The work itself is alright. The management team is inept. The amount of work required does not match the pay. I learned a lot in working independently. Basic days include greeting customers and daily transactions.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 1, 2013","3.0"
"The Benefits","I should have stayed with this company I could have really grown with this bank by no mad with myself.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Vernon Hills Illinois","November 1, 2013","5.0"
" this bank","I enjoyed my tenure at this bank. I never had a more wonderful management team coming from bank N moving into this bank. They all believed in my when I did believe in myself. They nurtured me into the person I am. I worked with an unbelievable team in Michigan and wonderful people in Chicago. I enjoyed my 16.5 years at the bank The hardest part is things are always changing. Technology always evolving and getting rid of jobs.","Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Chicago, Il","October 31, 2013","5.0"
"Great working enviroment and co-workers","There is no typical work day on the Trust team. Every day is a little different. We do handle overdrafts and discretionary request on daily basis. I work with a team of professionals daily; Private bankers, Investment advisers, Financial advisers, and Wealth planners. A typical day could be opening and closing accounts, handling IRA's and RMD's, researching governing documents, preparing data for various types of litigation, account reviews, client meetings, fee projects, administrative reviews, communication with clients, educating branch employees about our Wealth Management offering, detecting new business opportunities within our existing book and cultivating new relationships with clients and COI's The hardest part of my job is the continuous changes in various procedures. Not a lot of definitive decisions with system foundations. The best part of my job would be my colleagues in the Trust department. The experience and knowledge I have received from the Senior Officers has been priceless.","Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","October 30, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Prior to being sold to BNY Mellon. this bank was my employer. I really enjoyed my time at this bank. The organization and corporate atmosphere where great. I was able to advance quickly through the organization.","Accounting","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 29, 2013","4.0"
"My typical work values","I enjoyed being able to assist customers with the issues that were occuring with their accounts.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2013","5.0"
"Friendly environment","The staff is very helpful and caring about you and your future endeavors","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Linthicum, MD","October 27, 2013","4.0"
"Unorganized company with no sense of direction","I worked for bank N for many years and then came back when is became this bank. The company puts no emphasis on education. I never had a supervisor with more education then a high school diploma. I had a co-worker who was scared to let anyone know she had a degree because she knew it would be held against her. My supervisor went against every value the company holds. She never worked a full 40 hour week. She did her best to humiliate employees by making them participate in children's games and held it against them if they wouldn't participate. She made racist comments on several occasions. She told employees that they had to score the highest marks on the Gallup Poll because she knew who scored what and you would have to meet with her if you didn't. The company then rewarded her for her team's high scores on the Gallup Poll.","Mortgage Company","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 26, 2013","1.0"
"Enjoyable atmosphere for work and great team work.","Enjoyable atmosphere for work and great team work. Provides good banking services.","Bank Customer Representative","Former Employee","Langhorne, PA","October 26, 2013","4.0"
"Decent work schedule but no opportunity for advancement","Good for a college student or someone who doesn't want to advance in the banking field, typical day was busy a lot of pressure to perform well but no reward for doing so.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 25, 2013","3.0"
"n/a","Great company to work for,I am in the service client department","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Altamonte Springs, FL","October 24, 2013","5.0"
"Productive workplace, room for advancement","Daily interaction with customers, processing transactions regarding customers accounts. Monthly coaching s are required. Cash handling during the day and balancing at end of day. Completion and filing of work at end of day.","Teller","Current Employee","Springdale, OH","October 23, 2013","5.0"
"Productive, fast paced, research and resolve account issues","Customer service, phone inquiries, resolving customer disputes, cash handling, oversee and assist in managing day to day operations.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Waukegan, IL","October 23, 2013","5.0"
"good company","typical call center atmosphere, good benefits, located in heart of pittsburgh","Retirement Services Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2013","4.0"
"One of the best companies I have ever had the pleasure of working for","Assessing my day - and prioritizing my days objectives. Checking my voice mail and my emails. Reviewing all re-submissions and underwriting all new file Reviewing USDA loans and beginning FHA Underwriting Training. Management - this bank has some of the finest managers I have ever had the pleasure of working with/for","Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 22, 2013","5.0"
"Great Place to work.","Great Experience for Leadership Development, Coaching and Development. Provide on going classroom training for enrichment. Great Managers who loved working together and coming up with ideas for employee engagement and customer engagement.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 22, 2013","5.0"
"Loan Officers Not Respected"," this bank has a great reputation for Financial Services and Banking, mortgages, not so much. In Southern California, they are known for causing problems for Short Sellers and their realtors, by holding out for more money in a 2nd lien position, and settling with regulators for large amounts of money for mortgage related infractions. But this is all stuff that you're able to overcome with strong relationships. What you can't overcome is upper management's refusal to hire more fulfillment staff. LO's make too much money anyway, right? They can also process their own loans. Recently they unveiled a new fulfillment process that would set everything strait. Basically it amounted to the LO submitting a loan package that had everything short of transcripts. It is a 90+ point check list of documents needed to get your file to underwriting. The files went straight to UW, the processors didn't get involved until later. I still don't quite understand what the few processors they do have actually do. They didn't pull together outstanding paperwork, collect info to satisfy conditions, or anything you would expect a processor to do. That being said, there were a few goods ones I enjoyed working with except it was rare that they would be assigned to my files, the good processors were assigned to the LOs who submitted incomplete files..... The corporate side of the company is horrible. The culture you find when dealing with HR, Payroll, etc. is a finger pointing, 'That's not my job', can't do attitude. Management in general has an extremely arrogant attitude, they truly believe - more...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Pasadena, Ca","October 22, 2013","1.0"
"Great company","Great employees and leadership team. Growing company with strong performance.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","October 21, 2013","5.0"
"Had enjoyed my employment with them","Opening the bank ,lobby management and greeting every client and thanking them when they where leaving for banking with us. Would interact with clients with sales and service issues. Also continued education on bank product and services and bank regulations as well as cash audits. The best part of my job was helping clients attain their financial goals.","Service III","Former Employee","Sylvania, OH","October 21, 2013","3.0"
"Achieving a common goal within a teamwork environment","Every day was different dealing with different customers I learned how to deal with different personalities. I have a very good relationship with my managers. They have taught me many things...how to do reports, improve my customer service skills My coworkers are very professional and there is a sense of team work.Hardest part of the job was the selling aspect.Most enjoyable is the customer and really making them feel special","Teller","Current Employee","New Cumberland, PA","October 18, 2013","4.0"
"New task","This was a new experience for me, I have a lot of good co-workers, I took a lot of responsibilities.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 18, 2013","5.0"
"Mortgage Loans","This was my first exposure tot he financial market and it offered tremendous training both on the products and on sales. Monthly recognition was a big part of this company's focus and in return that created for a high company morale.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 17, 2013","4.0"
"Loose work environment","Family oriented department. Made you feel welcome every day","Online Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2013","3.0"
"Happy, steady place to work","I learned various clerical duties, item processing. Working with several depts to reach a total goal was a true introduction to teamwork.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 15, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Very fast paced work environment and sales oriented organization. Working here has really taught me a lot and allowed me to gain a lot of knowledge.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","McMurray, PA","October 15, 2013","4.0"
"Great, solid company to work","A company with great values. Emphasis on work/life balance.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","October 15, 2013","5.0"
"Got laid off due to outsourceing","I worked as a Quality Assurance Specialist/Surveyer and I enjoyed my job however my office closed due to outsourcing.","Quality Assurance","Former Employee","McKeesport, PA","October 15, 2013","4.0"
"Analyzing documents pertaining to obtain a home mortgage/refinance","The position was very routine - try was no contact with borrower. All documents were reviewed for accuracy and routed to underwritin for further review - to be approved or denied The position was created in 2012 as a seamless way to have borrowers documents delivered in a timely fashion with hopes of increasing time of application to close.","Mortgage Loan Document Procurer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 14, 2013","3.0"
" this bank truly appreciates their employees. It is a great Co. to work for.","With my job, there is not enough time to accurately do your best. In the branch I work, Pressure to hit sales goals is extremely high.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Minerva, Ohio","October 14, 2013","4.0"
"Very happy while working there","I was a Remote Underwriter of Conventional, HARP, USDA and Portfolio Mortgages. I was considered part-time however I never worked less than 30 hours per week and as business increased, I worked many more hours. My manager was excellent.","Underwriter II","Former Employee","Virtual","October 13, 2013","4.0"
"Job Insecurity","I worked in the mortgage department. It's either feast or famine and it was famine for me. The laid me and 59 other people off. Management consists of many different styles but my manager micromanaged so much so that I suffered in advancement.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2013","3.0"
"Productive Fun place to work","A typical day is to Open the branch, Log onto your computer, unlock the vault, get drawers out, run night drop deposits, open the branch, run deposits, withdrawals, answer any questions that clients may have about accounts, cash checks, balance drawer at the end of the day, and close the branch. Management was always great. They were very helpful and hardworking. I used to work with a great team who was always fun, productive and reliable.","TELLER ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","Athens, AL","October 12, 2013","2.0"
"Productive and successful workplace with energetic employees","Establish and maintain relationships with individual or business customer, Manage staff sales results vs branch goals, coaching staff around banking conversation with customers","Branch Manager","Former Employee","New Providence, NJ","October 12, 2013","5.0"
"My job is rewarding daily, you never know just how much of a difference you will make in someones life, even if it is just a smile, an open ear.","My day starts out with getting my drawer, and signing onto my computer, making sure that I am stocked with cash, and other essentials that is needed to run a smooth shift, then we have our team meeting, which is sometimes fun, but mostly informative, then our doors open up to our customers. I have found that everyday is a learning experience at my job, for one we have courses that we take, and just customer interaction, you never know what a customer needs, would like you to do, or find out for them. I enjoy my co-workers we work as a family instead of a team, we help one another, we can also make the day go by fast just for the little things that we do to encourage the other person. The hardest thing about my job I think is when you work for a big branch, you lose some of the personal connection with your customers, and sometimes that is difficult, most customers want that personal one on one, and in my position as a teller you have to look at everything and sometimes not that you want that but it gets lost because you are trying to help and get your customers in and out in a reasonable time. The most enjoyable is when my customer have a problem and you have helped them and the look on their faces have that relieve smile, and you hear thank you, to me helping my customers is so important, and making sure that their needs are met me a lot.","Teller","Current Employee","Township of Cranberry, PA","October 12, 2013","4.0"
"Great bank to work for; had good bankig products such as the virtual wallet checking account","My personal experience does not represent overall bank overlook but the branch I worked at was under-staffed and had a high-volume foot traffic that was clearly unmatched for the skeletal staff provided. I also believe, the branch manager had numerous emblematic flaws from poor communication, to work load distribution, and overall staffing to meet demand.","Customer Services Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","October 12, 2013","5.0"
"Pretty good over all","A life in the banking world. I made a career change and decided to change job paths Everything was managed well overall.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hilliard, OH","October 11, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and Professional Work place",".A typical day consisted of field marketing outreach for this bank. We utilized different outreach strategies such as residential blitzing, hand to hand marketing, and business blitzing. The most exciting part of my job was meeting new people and the success we would have when generating leads and developing new business accounts.","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Boynton Beach FL 33426","October 11, 2013","5.0"
"Good work place","Many years as Teller. Enjoyed most of the time. Meeting sales quota the hardest part of job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Parchment, MI","October 10, 2013","5.0"
"business banking","banking, networking, business banking, treasury management, cash management, merchant services","Merchant Services","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 10, 2013","5.0"
"Fast paced work enivronment","A typical day at work was at least a steady flow of people who came in the lobby or through the drive thru. I have learned quite a lot from the clients and coworkers at this bank. My coworkers were friendly and helped me out when I had any questions. Hardest part of the job would be dealing with clients who had a bad customer service experience and try helping them come to a solution to their problem or frustraion.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","October 9, 2013","4.0"
"Average day at woork","Customers Service helping customers meet there financial goals and taking care of there needs. Assisting tellers in check approvals. Balancing and loading ATM's. Taking loan applications and closing loans. Sales referrals to other business partneers. Openning and closing branch. Customer retention. Having quick starts in the mornings to get staff going. Openning checking,savings and Indiviual Retirement accounts.","BFSC","Former Employee","950 N Shadeland Ave. Indianapolis, IN 46219","October 9, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great large Bank, I've learned a lot of skills, coaching, leadership, loans, communicating with all different kinds of people. Management does not always see the employee's side who are doing the day in and day out work.","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Outside of Philadelphia PA","October 9, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","It is a good place to work, learned a lot about myself management is great","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Greenwood, IN","October 9, 2013","5.0"
"Great Place to work","During my time at this bank Mortgage, I assisted homeowners understand their mortgage accounts by offering them assistance when they call in with questions regarding taxes, insurance, escrow, refinancing and with government programs they may be qualified for. My experience has also caused me to be promoted and work as a help desk representative to other this bank employees who also have questions about customers they were assisting.","Mortgage Consultant","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","October 9, 2013","5.0"
"It's a bank they are all the same","Normal bank job, All you have to know is basic Policy and Procedures. Upper Management has unrealistic goals. All but one of my co-workers are great the one I do work with doesn't want me there and proves it to me every day I go to work. The hardest part of my job is seeing him everyday. The most enjoyable is when he is no there.","Customer Service Assistant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","October 8, 2013","3.0"
"Excellent"," this bank is a great company to work for. Their training is consistent and on going, well tailored for the position Management treats employees as professionals and supports everyone in a professional manner.","Conventional Residential Underwriter II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 8, 2013","5.0"
"Fun place to work, employees are very much appreciated","The hardest part of the job is the hours and split days off. What I like most about it is the employees and mangers, everyone is very friendly and it is very much a team atmosphere. Everyone from co-workers to management is approachable and willing to help. A majority of my day is spent on the phone with customers going over their account and their options to cure the default. However the day is broken up with team meetings, web based trainings and team building activities.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 7, 2013","4.0"
" this bank provides a comprehensive atmosphere of positivity, encouragement and growth on a personal and professional level.","-Every day begins and ends with compliance to policy and procedure, mitigating risks and maximizing sales opportunities in an exciting market. -There is an ongoing learning process in which conversation skills and the ability to flexibly navigate verbal and physical cues to expand this bank's overall share of wallet and impeccable customer service -My co-workers, myself included, understand that with no there are no caps on earning or growth potential, except those we place on ourselves. -Short staffing has been the only major difficulty, but any mileage is compensated though traveling has become a necessity to retain employment and compliance such as dual control. -The most fulfilling part of my current position is the fact that when presented correctly there is no need to sell anything. It is my responsibility to present opportunities for potential clients to realize I provide solutions for trends they already display, therefore uncovering benefits that they are entitled to.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Northern Virginia","October 7, 2013","4.0"
"Good place","* Good for learning. * A lot of focus on sales. * Nice group of people. * Good for customer Services","Teller","Former Employee","Herndon, VA","October 7, 2013","3.0"
"Busy branch with a lot going on","a very busy branch with a lot of money going in and out. Had great co-workers and regular customers. I learned laws about money and government reporting. Stressful environment.","Bank teller","Former Employee","Bensalem, PA","October 7, 2013","4.0"
"Good Company","Its a good company it just has a huge staffing issuse and the work life balance is not great.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","stafford, VA","October 6, 2013","4.0"
"productive","very good company. work environment was good. had awesome time. competitive environment","SSAS Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2013","4.0"
"Good place to work","All way merging with other company and jobs are phasing out.","Trust Operation Clerk","Former Employee","1600 Market Street","October 4, 2013","4.0"
"great place to work","• Personal loans and credit card assistance • Promote the sale of bank products and cross-sell existing bank services to customers. • Assist customers with funds and availability questions, disputed items, and maintenance • ATM management, Vault telle • Build relationships with customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","October 4, 2013","5.0"
"Disappointing","I expected more from a company who expected such high standards.","Teller","Former Employee","Newbury, OH","October 4, 2013","3.0"
"Great Values","I love the company for there values and how they manage the consumers money. My pull back from this company is how the manage there employees and the lack of care","FSC","Current Employee","Glenelg, MD","October 3, 2013","3.0"
"Educational","Helped me allot understand financing and where to go, and how to help lead customers in a positive manner.","Assistant teller supervisor","Current Employee","Saint Charles, IL","October 2, 2013","5.0"
"Productive workspace","My most enjoyable parts of this company were that I was able to pass my knowledge as an assistant branch manager to the bankers and tellers in regards to product knowledge, transaction, ways of handling a difficult customer, and how to fully assess and recommend products to a customer.","NMLS 628699","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2013","5.0"
"Fun,","So much to do. One of the best retail jobs I had. Halloween was a lot of fun","Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Warminster, PA","October 2, 2013","3.0"
"Productive and Fun place to work","Enjoyable work environment. Business strategy and forward thinking management","Processing Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 1, 2013","5.0"
"Good place to work.","Good place to work for a decent pay, Mostly sales focused, good atmosphere.","Teller","Current Employee","Burbank, IL","October 1, 2013","4.0"
"Branch Manager","Lead a team of 10+ mployess through development, coaching through a customer service focused environment.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","October 1, 2013","4.0"
"Basic work place","Collect ATM deposits, post them to accounts, wait on customers in which I wouls either cash checks, or take deposits. Co workers were nice, most enjoyable would be talikng to customers","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2013","3.0"
"nice place to work","fair management., flexible hours, good recognition of employees","TEAM LEADER","Former Employee","philadelphia, pa","September 30, 2013","4.0"
"Wealth Management","I develop business internally by maintaining and expanding strong relationships with line of business partners. I've learned that the company functions differently from the head quarters and is attempting to establish a brand in this market. Management means well but is still trying to figure it all out. My co-workers are a mixed bag, as in most office environments but everyone must have a business development mind set. The hardest part of my job is making sure everyone can see the forest through the trees and developing our brand. The most enjoyable part is when you see the information click for someone.","Channel Development Advisor","Current Employee","Florida","September 30, 2013","3.0"
"Great company they know how to choose their employees","I enjoyed my position and my co-workers were awesome. the company has great values, however, you have to make sure you are on good terms which your regional manager. If not they will have it out for you.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","September 29, 2013","4.0"
"great workplace","answering incoming and outgoing call breaking down equipmen troubleshooting calls","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2013","5.0"
"demanding job with lots of responsibilities.","What i have learned is that we are disposable and technology is replacing us quickly. Young management doesn't respect the knowledge older workers have. Working with the public is rewarding.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 28, 2013","4.0"
"You'll never be bored","You do the same thing, day after day but every day you have different circumstances which vary depending on the customer your waiting on. Never a dull moment, always something to be learned. Once you learn your customers your in like flenn.","Back up Supervisor","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 26, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","The first 7 years of employment gave me everything that I needed in an employer. With the reconstruction the heart has been taken out of this bank. This has taken away my excitement and interest in my job.","Regional Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 26, 2013","5.0"
"Excellent workplace","A typical day at work includes: reviewing daily reports, gathering data to track the progression of our new technology rollout for 14 branches, mentoring new tellers for our region, training staff members on our new banking system, formatting new spreadsheets and distributing them to the rest of our region, monitoring/setting sales goals, keeping files updated and ensuring compliance set by the bank and Loss Prevention sector.","Head Teller","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 25, 2013","5.0"
" this bank takes pride in strengthening and enriching the communities.","Working in the corporate sector of the company, one would assume daily activities are routine since I am not working directly with the public. That could not be further from the truth. I could plan what I am going to do the next day, but one email can take me off track and even take up half of my days work. I do not mind it though. I love being busy and learning daily. That takes me to what I have learned about myself as an individual and an employee. I am very proactive and take initiative. I learned that I am one to pass the buck. The buck stops with me, if it gets to me. I am not afraid to admit when I am not familiar with anything because I know that the opportunity is there to learn and grow and I am willing to seize it. Management has to be approached on a person by person basis. It all boils down to personalities and how everybody meshes together. It is all about setting the expectations, boundaries. Based on my observation, management style in general is top down, but may not work for everybody. My co-workers for the most part are great to work with. We all are working towards the same goal personally and professionally. We have adapted the company's culture. Those who do not agree with the culture of the company tend not to last very long with the company and usually seek employment elsewhere. The hardest part of the job is working with so many personalities and satisfying everyone. The most enjoyable part is conquering the hardest part of the job by making it the easiest part of the job. At the end of the day, we are all human-beings are - more...","Regional Coordinator","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 25, 2013","4.0"
"Customer Service"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. My typical day consisted of traveling to branches throughout the West Essex Region.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","September 24, 2013","5.0"
"Great Management but some drawbacks","Depending on the schedule that was always changing based on having a staffing issue, some days I would open the branch but usually i would always close. My manager was fantastic but my supervisor had communication issues with explaining scheduling conflicts. My coworkers were a joy to work with and they really made the transition from one banking atmosphere to another very smooth. The hardest part of the job was being treated the way i was by my supervisor. She acted as if i was completely new to banking instead of acknowledging that i had been doing that job for 7 years. The most enjoyable part of the job was bonding with my coworkers and getting to know the customers so as to gauge their banking needs.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 23, 2013","4.0"
"fun place to work","I worked for this company for a couple of years. It helped me get through school and still have me enough time to balance between other things. Co-workers and management are very nice and helpful. There is a lot of room to grow.","Service","Current Employee","Bordentown, NJ","September 23, 2013","5.0"
"ETL Developer","• Extensively used ETL to load data from Flat Files, XML, Oracle to Oracle 9i. • Involved in Designing of Data Modeling for the Data warehouse. Involved in Requirement Gathering and Business Analysis. • Developed data Mappings between source systems and warehouse components using Mapping Designer. • Implemented Slowly Changing Dimensions (Type 2: versions) to update the dimensional schema. • Worked on different types of transformations like source qualifier, expression, filter, aggregator, rank, update strategy, lookup, stored procedure, sequence generator, joiner, XML. • Involved in the performance tuning of the Informatica mappings and stored procedures and the sequel queries inside the source qualifier • Used Autosys to Schedule jobs/batches. • Involved in the Performance Tuning of Database and Informatica. Improved performance by identifying and rectifying the performance bottle necks. • Wrote PL/SQL Packages and Stored procedures to implement business rules and validations. • Responsibilities included validating business rules calculations against source data, communicating data gaps along with potential solutions to address gaps, and working with other business analyst to create source to target mappings. • Involved in Change Control process for the application by facilitating group meetings, one-on-one interview sessions and email correspondence with work stream owners to discuss the impact of Change Request on the project. • Ensured all artifacts complied with corporate SDLC Policies and guidelines. Prioritized outstanding defects and system problems, ensuring - more...","ETL Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 22, 2013","5.0"
"Flexible hours","Have 13 branche 6 business bankers. High commissions. Have 13 sales executives that I mentor. Territory manager for 10 years","Team Leader - Central Jersey","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 22, 2013","5.0"
"Laid back environment","Very good place to work and get your foot in the door for this career path","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Woburn, MA","September 21, 2013","5.0"
"Banking World","A typical day at work is interacting with clients and making sure all their requests and transactions are met. Referrals and sales are a constant part of the day, recognizing opportunity and offering products accordingly I have learned about banking and all the laws and rules that come along with it The hardest part was learning all the policies and being capable of passing a bank audit with one on one questions on policies The management has taught me what it takes to work as a team player and allow for success. Most enjoyable part of the job is the interaction with the clients and all my co-workers.","Bank Teller","part time","Palm Harbor, FL","September 19, 2013","4.0"
"An environment in which work was encouraged and fun.","All day interfacing with clients and prospects, selling investments and bank products. I opened checking, savings, certificates and mortgages for the bank I sold financial planning and investment products on the securities side of the bank. Hardest part of the job was defending my clients needs from management insistence that the most profitable for the bank products should be recommended. The most enjoyable part of the job was in resolvin the issues in my favor. Co-workers were bright, resourceful and congenial. I learned to assist customers and clients in resolving issues and creating satisfaction. I enjoyed all aspects of my work.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Punxsutawney, PA","September 18, 2013","2.0"
"Very disheartening","I worked at this bank during the collapse of the mortgage industry. Their objective was not customer satisfaction, but rather it was solely about obtaining TARP money from the federal government by way of aquisition of bank N Bank.","Mortgage Officer","Former Employee","York, PA","September 18, 2013","2.0"
"Usual day","• Assist clients with monthly billing details to increase customer knowledge. • Aid clients with the best possible solutions to increase customer satisfactio. • Adjust fees and keep accurate records. • Monitor client accounts for security breache • Toggle between screens to use banking software and operate phone system for speedy and accurate service","Credit Card Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 18, 2013","4.0"
"Fun workplace","I loved working at the bank, Because I was trusted to handle a large amount of cash. I learned so many new things from working at the bank. I learned how to count money a different way, and also how to handle customers that didn't speak English.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 17, 2013","4.0"
"Good working environment with strong leadership.","I worked specifically with the Fast Path team during my time at this bank Mortgage. This team was built to process loans at a faster rate than the current 90 day norm. I was in charge primarily of updating and verifying the hazard and flood insurance documents for potential loans. I reached out to insurance companies daily to receive updated documents which helped loans get to processing at a quick rate. My co-workers and I worked exceptionally hard and had fantastic results as the first group of Fast Path team members. The hardest part of the position at times was just waiting for the insurance carriers to send over the updated documents. Often many calls had to be placed to remind them to send the information over. But overall the job was extremely enjoyable. Especially on a day when you were able to tell the borrower everything was going smoothly. Having a good relationship with the borrower really help make it apparent you were helping someone out and made the job very enjoyable.","Fast Path Hazard Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2013","5.0"
"Very good group to work for","Professional, the American express of Branch Banking. Job has benefits of personal recognition in community and the opportunity for advancement. Pay is better than most, but needs to be raised. Most educational experience I have had.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hockessin, DE","September 16, 2013","4.0"
"Changing Bank Envoironment"," this bank is going through the hard times in banking just like every bank. As banking continues to evolve less people are necessary, in order to conduct the banks day to day business. Therefore, jobs that in the past were relationship building jobs have become sales jobs pushing widgets. I believe that the customer still can be helped but as Chase Bank became more sales driven the smaller banks followed suit."," this bank Baner","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","September 14, 2013","4.0"
"This is a fun place to work","I really love this Job. I left only cause I knew I wouldn't want to make this a career.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 12, 2013","5.0"
"Ok company","Ok company. The people are ok. There are 6 tellers 2 are full time and 4 are part time. There is never enough help. The training was easy and the system is easy to use","Teller","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","September 11, 2013","3.0"
"Hard but okay to work","The time I started working at this bank, they were merging with the Mercantile Bank which I was working at and I stayed there and was hard and fun.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","September 10, 2013","3.0"
"Great co-workers","Had great and friendly co-workers. The customers were also very nice and pleasent to work with. The company focus on sales more than anything else. The turnover is also horriable.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Hartselle, AL","September 7, 2013","3.0"
"Absolutely LOVED this job","this was a great learning environment with management that genuinley cared acout you as a person and the growth of your career.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 6, 2013","5.0"
"relaxed environment, enjoyable place to work","I was a part-time teller that eventually went to full-time. The pay wasn't that great but it was good place to work for a single mom with a small child.","Teller I","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","September 6, 2013","4.0"
"Tellers are a 'dime a dozen.'","Highly stressful based on customer interaction, we must adhere to banking rules and often have to repeat the same thing to a customer. Working with large amounts of cash can be very stressful when out of balance I learned how to sell. This job was 90% sales 10% banking in terms of cashing checks and making deposits for customers. Management was very strict, often would talk on a weekly basis about sales levels and areas of self improvement Co-workers were all fairly young, willing to learn, but most of all, they needed to sell products as well in order to be recognized. The hardest part of my job was learning how to be assertive to customers who were shallow. I've had several instances in which I denied a customer funds from a check because of an expired drivers license and gotten called everything but my name. I was able to develop a system of which to talk to certain people. Those who understand finance I can carry on a professional conversation that uses bank terminology to land a sale and they would understand and accept the sale.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Carnegie, PA","September 5, 2013","5.0"
"Good Guy Bank"," this bank has a strong sense of corporate responsibility and generally treats their people fairly. It does suffer from the problem most large banks do, that it is hard to get noticed and move up.","Multiple Positions","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2013","4.0"
"start out job not a career","This is a good place to start out. Not a great place for a career.","Banking Teller Representative","Former Employee","Butler, PA","September 5, 2013","3.0"
"productive and fun environment place to work","Good company to work for. Fun environment, Great value, Warm culture, career development, opportunity to grow","Branch Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 5, 2013","3.0"
"Customer Friendly","responding to inbound calls, high call volume, organizational skills, etc...","CSR III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 4, 2013","2.0"
"Overall Great Company","Corporately strong, amazing company to work for. Micromanaging atmosphere not a plus. The most enjoyable part of the job is the client interactions; being able to meet and exceed a clients financial goals.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","KY","August 30, 2013","5.0"
"Good Company","A very relaxing atmosphere to work with. Everybody gets along with each other, people are ready to work and teach you whatever you don't know. Hardest part is EOM you cannot leave till all project are taken care off","Quality Assurance Tester","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 30, 2013","3.0"
"Team player theme with sales and profitability goals.","Interact with customers processing transactions and identifying additional needs to refer to other lines of business.","Customer Service Associate II","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","August 30, 2013","3.0"
"Pay"," this bank does NOT like to pay their employees. Management is unethical and dishonest. They support PBS children's programming but won't pay their employees, whom most have children (major contradiction). They employee underwriters, who are 'untouchable'....they will not communicate with you and their processors have poor communication skills and most of my clients complained about the processors they were assigned to. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!","Loan Consultant","Current Employee","Somewhere in the USA","August 30, 2013","1.0"
"Productive, and fun workplace","Good managers, open to suggestions. Typical day at work, reviewing reports for new incoming files, updating Loan officers, and market managers on status of files. Hardest part would be the end of the month. Most enjoyable is when customers are happy.","Consumer Direct Loan Officer","Current Employee","Westchester, IL","August 30, 2013","4.0"
"Ok"," this bank is a great place to be if you work in one of the faster branches. If you find yourself in a slow paced branch you will want to tear out your own hair. You'll be lucky to see 5 people a day in the branch, and still be expected to meet all sales goals (which are you uniform across the this bank market no matter how busy or not busy you are). Expected to make 20 cold calls calls a day.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Grand Ledge, MI","August 30, 2013","4.0"
"Good learning experience, but pay is low compared to work","- upper management is organized but now on the low levels. - great co-worker - hardest part is going into the aisles to find clients","Financial Associate","Current Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","August 29, 2013","4.0"
" this bank must hate their employees."," this bank is forcing all their employees to a high deductible insurance plan starting in 2014. The wages are the lowest in the industry. Market goals are unreachable and even though personal and branch goals are meet, still forced to work late and extra saturdays. All management does is mirco-manage, along with unfair policies that only turn co-workers against each other. Changing pay structure to allow new employees to the bank at a higher pay rate than current employees. No advancement from within.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Michigan","August 29, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and fun workplace.","Responsible for providing great costumer service to the clients while multi-tasking transactions to meet costumer needs. I learned to be patience, friendly, good listener, understanding and to always smile. Great place to work with a friendly environment. The hardest part of the job is not making the client happy while protecting company assets. The most enjoyable part of the job is making the client happy and satisfied.","Teller","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","August 29, 2013","5.0"
" this bank","Compensation - fair. BenefitsCulture - fair. ValuesJob Security - needs improvemment. AdvancementManagement - needs inprovement. Work / Life Balance - fair","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 28, 2013","5.0"
"quality work environment","Small business banking. Customer service and sales. Team Lead. Retention Specialist","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","August 27, 2013","4.0"
"Great company","An essential part of an organization that is committed to helping customers and employees reach their goals. Values diversity and cares about social responsibility.","Senior Fiduciary Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","August 27, 2013","4.0"
"Good place to work"," this bank offer a large spectrum of training and knowledge enhancement.","Auditor","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 27, 2013","5.0"
"Loved working at this bank","I was a AVP in the Business Banking Group. Unfortunately when this bank bought bank N I was 1 of 6,000 let go. Management encourages healthy work/life balance. They value their workers and the bank is run the right way.","Assistant Vice President Business Banking","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2013","5.0"
"Moving in the right direction","Changes in upper management will bring new ideas and upgrades that are needed.","Technical Project Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","August 26, 2013","4.0"
"Workplace with great concern for employees' happiness"," this bank has been a wonderful employer and I do not want to leave the company or my team of employees but there are no careers available for me in this area that allow me to use my degrees, knowledge, experience, and drive to my full potential.","Teller Supervisor II","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","August 25, 2013","5.0"
"successful","Workplace bankin Good work ethics. Great management. Helpful guidelines. Helpful employee support","Financial Sales Consultant I","Current Employee","MERRIFIELD VA","August 25, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company","Great people and culture. Excellent work/life balance. Lots of promotions from within. Emphasis on training young employees. Upper management is very accessible.","Wealth Management Employee","Current Employee","PA","August 24, 2013","5.0"
"Good not great.","I had a good team to work with, unfortunately the management did not understand cultures and family situations.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","August 24, 2013","3.0"
"Great Company","A typical day is exciting and rewarding. I enjoy being a resource and gaining the respect of the employees and customers. What I've learned is each day bring new challenges, but with an open mind, morals and integrity you can overcome anything. The direct management and through out the chain of command are very supportive. The hardest part of the job is pleasing everyone. The most enjoyable part of the job is for everyone you can not please there is at least one who appreciates and respects all that you can do and that makes it all worth it.","In-Store Assistant Manager II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2013","5.0"
"Typical Bank","Sales are all that matter. Large company where the average employee gets lost and can't really move up anywhere. Bad hours.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","August 23, 2013","3.0"
"Lots of opportunity","Overall each day was something new dealing with the public. I felt secure in knowing that customers entrusted their lives with me in handling their financial decisions. My coworkers have made long time friends over time. Although the job itself was hard a times trying to convince customers that there was something better that they should have. That's all a part of a sales atmosphere.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Dover, DE","August 23, 2013","5.0"
"Good work place with a strong sense of team work.","A typical work day there was dedicated towards good and accurate customer service, I spent lots of time handling cash, counting down drawers, greeting customers, cutting money orders and cashiers checks, and preparing mail orders out going and incoming.","Teller","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","August 23, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyable work place and employees","As an Estate Paralegal, I assist in the administration of estates in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Washington D.C., and Virginia. I prepare and file various documents at the Register of Wills or Courthouse to open the estate, report assets, notify beneficiaries and heirs, submit accountings, and request payment of commissions. I also assist in arranging appraisals for real and tangible personal property; contact other financial institutions to collect assets and financial information of the decedent for State and Federal Estate Tax purposes. I use Microsoft Office daily to compose and send correspondence. I also use various other systems to open estate accounts, perform and keep track of banking transactions in the estate account and to make distributions upon the closing of the estate, and to send and receive emails, pdfs, etc. I like and get along with my coworkers, and we often assist each other whenever needed A typical day of work involves not only contact with other departments and employees at this bank, but also with other agencies and financial institutions The most enjoyable part of my job is no two estates are alike; I learn something new with each one.","Estate Paralegal","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 21, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyed working there but was downsized when it was bought.","I worked as a Processing Teller for 3 years. I opened mail, processed the statements or other correspondence and processed any checks that were included. I have worked with several different types of machines that either processed the correspondence or the checks. I have 6 years of ten key experience. I also worked as a Process Improvement Analysis for 4 years, but stepped back down to Processing Teller when the company was purchased. As a Processing Improvement Analyst, I did daily audit on production, co-workers or new processes.Our team was in charge of finding, correcting and attempting to eliminate errors for our department. I was completely in charge of a new process from beginning to end. Unfortunately the company decided not to proceed due to cost. I had many friends in management and on the processing floor. The hardest part of my job is due to my lack of education I struggled with some areas of my job, because I do not have the knowledge in computers that I would like to have. What I liked about my job is that even though there were certain things I did every day. There was always a new work experience around the corner. I learned many things from this job and I think it took the best of my talents and put them to the best use for the company.","Processing Teller","Former Employee","Lakewood, OH","August 21, 2013","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","Great company to work for really care and want to see you succeed","Senior Relationship Manager Banking Officer II","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","August 21, 2013","5.0"
"under-staffed.","It can be a good place to work with the proper management and if they could keep the branches staffed properly.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 21, 2013","3.0"
"Great company to work for!","I really enjoyed this bank. The message is great. Great benefits. They do care about their customers. They're trying to do more!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Des Peres, MO","August 20, 2013","4.0"
"Networking","Learned quickly that it's great to form relationships and network. I worked in a busy location and tons of 'important' people came in and out.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 20, 2013","4.0"
"Great values","Wonderful company to work for. employees are held to a very high standard Customer Service is my passio Dealing with co-workers that are not engaged causes me anxiety","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Media, PA","August 19, 2013","5.0"
"Productive","Enjoyable and a lesson learn. Not a lot of support very one sided. i can say that i have learn some important facts abot working","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2013","4.0"
"Great Teamwork","The management is wonderful. I feel very comfortable being able to approach my supervisor with any concerns, questions and suggestions. They're very perceptive of our feedback on improvements for the company.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2013","4.0"
"Did not like management at the time","Difficult place to work at the time due to management that managed by fear and intimidation.","Analyst","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","August 14, 2013","3.0"
"Nothing but uncertainty !"," this bank can be a very good company but the communication between management and employee is not acceptable ! I was hired as a floating teller to cover 4 branches. Now they are trying to send me somewhere far and keep acting like they have amnesia when I let them know what the issue is. The pay is also disgraceful. They want all this work but they don't want to pay employees what they are worth. If you enjoy spur of the moment decisions and horrible pay then this is the job for you. I'm currently looking for a new job elsewhere because this bank is getting ridiculous.","Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","August 14, 2013","3.0"
"wotking enviorment","Helping customers with their transactions, giving them fiancial advice, and also referring products and services. Giving Customers full attention and knowing our customers personally. Im also aware of any fraudulent checks, ID's, or anything suspicious to protect my customers.","Teller","Current Employee","dumfries, va","August 14, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","Take inbound call to assist clients in managing account. To be in a call center as a consultant you learn a little bit of every thing. Great training is available with a supportive staff.","Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2013","4.0"
"fun to work","work was great all day. I learned a lot. long days. it was very enjoyable to work there","Mortgage Operations Underwriter II","Former Employee","jax fl","August 13, 2013","4.0"
"An okay place to work","The job was monotonous. Management was not helpful and very partial. Co-workers where great to work with.","Loan Adminstrator Collateral and Documentation","Former Employee","Houston, TX","August 13, 2013","3.0"
"Enjoyed working with other loan officers and learning new and interesting ways to compete out in the marketplace","Working to build a pipeline of loans through development of real estate agent contacts, attorney and all entities of the mortgage industry. Joined numerous clubs, organizations to help increase that base for the origination of mortage loans.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Louisville KY","August 13, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace","Great first job... fun office setting, very casual, young office most are right out of college using the company as a stepping stone to bigger ad agencies.","Event Manager","Former Employee","Woodbridge, NJ","August 12, 2013","5.0"
"Focused on production","Nice company depending on the region. Nice place for building relationships and moving up.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","IL","August 11, 2013","3.0"
"Unfair practices","As an employee of this bank I have witnessed many unethical practices and downright crumby treatment of non-management employees. this bank has little to offer and can and will take that from you as well. No safety net. No security.","Teller","Former Employee","St. Louis","August 10, 2013","2.0"
"Great Place to work","The employee that work for the company is what makes it a good experience. However, it really depends on the branch in which you work. Overall the benefits are good and compensation is okay. Salary is really not competitive.","Teller - Part-Time","Former Employee","Hatfield, PA","August 9, 2013","4.0"
"N/a","Good Company besides the pay is horrible. Their is little room for advancement","Peak-Time Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 7, 2013","4.0"
"nice work environment","set workstation up for the day. great customer service. good to work with","Bank Teller II","Former Employee","North Cape May, NJ","August 7, 2013","5.0"
"Great Bank","Responsible for selling this bank's portfolio of products/services, as well as maximizing the return on an existing book of small business customers.","Business Banking Sales Specialist","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 7, 2013","4.0"
"Fun","Loved working at this bank. Very fast-paced, get to meet different people every day and get to make customers happy everyday. Co-workers were the best here at this bank. Extremely friendly and very dependable people. Managers and supervisors were great as well. I enjoyed everything about my job no cons what so ever except for pay.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 6, 2013","5.0"
"Worked hard to make the best of a bad situation in a Department That was closing .","Worked hard to make the best of a hard situation in a Department That was closing. Had the pleasure of working with some great people who worked hard to make a monotonous job a pleasant experience.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 5, 2013","3.0"
"Loved my job, great benefits","Great place to work, team environment, great co-workers. Each day was different as I worked with 2 Regional Managers, and 26 branches. I was responsible for approving payroll, coordinating training, approving and submitting expense reports, arranging travel when necessary, pulling reports and many other duties as required.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","St Louis, MO","August 3, 2013","5.0"
"Fast pace","Very fast pace environment. this bank is a good bank to work for as it is mostly commercial business.","Level II Analyst","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, NJ","August 2, 2013","4.0"
"Poor Management and Lack of Know-How","Micro-management!! I worked for this bank Mortgage for 1 year and that was all I could take. Their focus is on the wrong things. They are so afraid of doing the wrong thing in this industry that everything is over done to the point that the customers and employees are frustrated with each loan. They hire people from the outside and put them in management positions and they have no idea what they are doing, they have little to no experience in the mortgage industry. There is no room for advancement, you better like the position that you get hired on for because that's where you will stay unless you decide to leave. I do really hope this review helps because it's job there, not a career and not a place you will want to stay. Read some of the other reviews and you'll see, a lot of people saying the same things.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 2, 2013","2.0"
"Productive and Fast Paced Environment"," this bank was a great company to work for. Your days go by fast and customer interactions as well as co-worker interactions were enjoyable. The hardest part about the job is learning everything required and doing it quickly and efficiently. It all comes with time though.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 1, 2013","4.0"
"Productive workplace with lots of face to face customer service","A typical day consisted of servicing customers in the lobby, in the drive thru, as well as on the phone. I learned how to service and deal with all types of customers. I also learned about banking products and services that the company had. My co-workers were always enjoyable to work with. We worked as a team which helped service customers efficiently and smoothly. The hardest part of the job were those unruly and rude customers. To me there were more pros then cons. The enjoyable part was conversations with customers, helping them in the long run. Finding out about what each person needed was always an interesting thing to me. Also the challenges of getting top customer service scores and meeting sales goals.","CUSTOMER SERVICE BANKING REPRESENTITIVE","Former Employee","Willowick, OH","August 1, 2013","4.0"
"Great Customer Service","This was an excellent company to work for. I had to leave it for a full time position because none were opening in my area. Family friendly, family oriented, overall great company!","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","New Haven, IN","August 1, 2013","5.0"
"Nice Company","I worked at a newer branch a Denovo, fairly beautiful branch, nice location. Nice company to work for and definitely a great learning experience. They began my real journey forward.","Teller","Current Employee","Elm Grove, WI","July 31, 2013","4.0"
" this bank is a great place to work. I have learned several new processes.","A typical day at this bank is working with loan processors and their managers.","Pre-Funding Reviewer & OFAC","Current Employee","Grove, IL","July 31, 2013","5.0"
"Management is very disorganized","Very chaotic. Management has very little knowledge and understanding of how everyday operations work focusing only on their ideas without accepting input from the people who are actually meeting with the customers and clients. They want to be customer focused but that gets lost somewhere. I was very disappointed with my experience from day one. My first day I reported for training but they canceled it without letting me know. I then had to drive over 100 miles from Akron to Columbus just to fill out new hire paperwork then be enrolled in a class that had already been started. I was then asked why I didn't know something that had been taught early in the class. I found that was just the beginning of my experience with them and have many more similar examples.","Licensed Banker","Former Employee","Central, Ohio","July 31, 2013","3.0"
"fun and great place to meet a lot of people"," this bank is a good place to work. It offers great benefits and flexible schedule. I was able to learn so many thing in just few months.","Vault Teller","Current Employee","Palos Hills, IL","July 30, 2013","1.0"
"Bank Teller","I was a teller and I completed transactions including deposits, credit card payments, withdrawls, cash advances and other banking functions.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Berea, OH","July 30, 2013","5.0"
"Unorganized, lack of proper training.","Overall I was not cut out for mortgage processing. I do feel as though the lack of training and organization was a factor in my inability to meet the organizations needs.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2013","2.0"
"Great place to work and room for advacing","It was a great place to work the only reason im still not there is because i moved to pa.","Teller Representative II","Former Employee","Mount Olive, NJ","July 30, 2013","5.0"
"bank","not a place to work if you enjoy fast paced sales. the want you to sit in branch all day","Financial Sales Consultant - Branch Manager","Former Employee","pennsylvania","July 30, 2013","1.0"
"Intent to Proceed Mailbox","My position was called the ITP Mailbox. I thought I was hired to set up the borrower's loans; verifying the docs; but I was actually doing the Intent To Proceed forms. Making sure the loan officers indicated on the forms that the borrower(s) would like to proceed with the loan. If they did then it would go to the file prep specialist (loan set up specialists) then from there to the loan processors. It was very redundant and boring. I felt like what I was doing was not a challenging position and a waste of time.","File Prep Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 29, 2013","2.0"
"Working for the Proof Department.","On a typical day of work we worked as a team to balance, encode the dollar amounts as well as the banking and account numbers on various types of checks. We also worked as a team to meet deadlines.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 29, 2013","4.0"
"sell sell sell","a typical day starts with our manager telling us we need to open more checking accounts, bring in more loans and teaching us how to sound like robots (basically). this bank wants you to do things their way instead of having any personality at all. you are supposed to greet the customer with 'hello, welcome to this bank. How may i help you'. if you say anything else, you will have a conversation with the mgr about the 'proper way' to do things. Meanwhile, the manager will go back into his office and post things on facebook about how his weekend was. I would say 75% of my unhappiness with this bank was my direct manager. it is hard to move up in the company. . they just want worker bees that blindly follow orders handed down.","Senior Financial Consultant III","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 29, 2013","2.0"
"Great place to work","Great career builder Good for young employees ---get the experience for customer service and handling money. Good benefits--like health insurance ,etc.","Branch Manager Assist Vice President","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 28, 2013","5.0"
"Not extremely demanding. Flexable hours. Decent pay","A typical day for me consists of servicing multiple transactions for customers' accounts and providing additional products for new/existing clients. I learned a lot about sales, sales goals, and how to work alone/with a team/mentor someone. Management trusts me to make decisions without guidance because of my experience, but I am always able to come to them when the circumstance calls for it The hardest part of the job is making sure we prevent robberies/theft because criminals are constantly creating methods to attempt to steal money/identities/etc,","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Lawrenceville NJ","July 27, 2013","4.0"
"Nice Professional Enviornment with employee egornomics.","A typical day of work at this bank was nice. I lliked dealing and working with the customers. I knew what I was suppose to do on a daily basis. Management was nice, I enjoyed being recognized and appreciated. The hardest part of my job was not being able to open an account for customers that really needed them. The most enjoyable part of my job was the relaxed atmosphere. It was professional and easy, I liked making the customers smile and leave with a better attitude overall. My co-workers were easy to work with. I didn't have problems in that area.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","July 26, 2013","4.0"
"Great life Experience ","The job itself is pretty easy. The best things about working there are meeting new people and helping customers. ","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Airy, MD","July 24, 2013","4.0"
"n/a","could be better in terms of compensation and advancement opportunities","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2013","3.0"
"n/a","Traditional bank: not a lot of advancement opportunities for minorities once a certain level is attained.","Associate Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2013","3.0"
"Productive","Acquisition of bank accounts.Customer Oriented.Great co-workers you meet good people and I learned about banking.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Fort lauderdale","July 24, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent place to work. this bank really cares about their employees !"," Its a very positive enviornment to work in and very easy going. ","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyable, easy going, smaller department position","*Small department. *Work flowed smoothly. *Trained to cover others positions. *Problem resolution. *Auditing","Sales Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 23, 2013","5.0"
"Banking is Banking","If you ever work for a bank then you will know that each banks are pretty much the same unless they truly value their employee's well being first. ","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 22, 2013","1.0"
"Typical Work Day for me at this bank","•Responsible for the day-to-day administrative operations and compliance of a Private Client Group branch with four or more registered associates within a Market/Complex. •Meet with clients to collect financial information, assess investment profile and evaluate client's financial needs. •Advise clients regarding advantages and disadvantages of different financial products and determine which financial products are suitable for client needs and financial circumstances. •Directly assist the Market and Regional Managers/Presidents with management of the branch profit and loss statement and development of the branch business plan. •Recruit Financial Advisors for the branch. •Serves as a Financial Advisor for personal clients, providing financial advice consistent with the clients goals and risk tolerance. •Provide leadership to increase revenue and client relationships. •Maintain oversight of daily transaction activity within the branch to ensure compliance and regulatory requirements are met. •Responsibility for passing an annual FDIC retail branch audit. •Deal with a high level of customer contact daily, utilizing my management experience. •Recognize sales opportunities for new and existing customers. •Obtain existing customers entire banking relationships; mortgages, equity lines, checking, money market, CD, savings, IRA, brokerage accounts and annuities. •Provide insight to customers regarding long-term financial planning. •Management of Book of Business portfolio (in-house customer database) to increase and retain existing client assets and meet potential new clients needs - more...","Retail Banking","Current Employee","Wilmington, NC","July 22, 2013","4.0"
"Management issues cause great concern for job security","The environment has been difficult with so much turn-over in Management. In one year I'm on my 3rd manager who's been in place for 4 months and already has one foot out the door! It raises a great deal of concern for the team. What is upper management thinking in their hiring decisions for managers. So much talent exists within the team that their hiring decision could have made so much more sense by promoting from within. Team members are beginning to look elsewhere for opportunites outside of the company due their less than acceptable practices. To boot, salaries and compensation in at least the sales division is one of the poorest ever experienced. Big Box store greeters are being equally compensated or more than our sales consultants who hold great responsibility and are responsible for making the company money! Those billion dollar quarters are not possible without the main revenue producing division: SALES...Not sure if ever the company will take a step back and realize where their priorities need to be vs. where they are.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2013","1.0"
"Nice","Ok job. comfortable office, nice hours. I'm meant to be outdoors however and it just wasn't my thing.","Account Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 21, 2013","3.0"
"great staff and great training","training was a week long and very thorough. mileage reimbursement for training and awesome benefits.","Retail Banking Representative","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","July 20, 2013","4.0"
"Terrible/micro manage/ sales sales sales","This was my first bank job as a teller and each day. Consist of complaining about sales and referrals and customers. Nothing is ever good enough unless you're 700% above your goals Your best isn't enough and the company doesn't care about you as a person. Definitely not what I thought a bank job would entail. Unless you like to hear complaining and have ridiculously set goals which are unreachable, run from this bank!","Teller","Current Employee","Fraser, MI","July 19, 2013","1.0"
"Tax Credit Capital division","A typical day at work consists of analyzing financial statements, producing financial projections, and working with real estate developers to solve problems arising during the construction period of development. I have learned much about low income housing and tax credit financing along with debt, equity and bond financing. The most enjoyable part of the position is visiting the construction sites to inspect construction progress. ","Stabilization Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 17, 2013","4.0"
"work-life at this bank","Working for this bank was a really different experience from the 17+ years I spent working for another major financial institution in Chicago. My typical day ran smoothly with all tellers aboard for our morning meetings as we took pre-lobby drive up customers. At 9am, the doors opened and off we went. I learned a lot about the diferent businesses and their needs in the neighborhood as well as the many walk in customers from the surrounding blocks near the branch. Most notably, Brookfield, Illinois. My manager was very hands on in his day to day coaching of me and my staff, to help exhibit 5 Star customer service every day to every customer. Very nurturing when it came to outside work needs, such as family leave. My staff I managed were well groomed in customer service at this branch, since most of them were in place at this location from the 2 banks before this bank. The hardest part of my actual job was trying to cross sell more new products to the retired and 'older money' that was already well established in the branch as well as the neighborhood or 40-50 years. The most enjoyable part of my job was on Saturdays when everyone was in for a shorter day and the vibe in the branch from everyone made us feel like we had done a great job pulling together through the past week and now it was the weekend. All to turn around and do it all again on Monday.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","LaGrange Park, Illinois","July 17, 2013","5.0"
"High energy Positive atmosphere","a typical work day is similar to most consistently learning something new. My team was very very productive and easy to get along with. The most difficult portion of my job is the constant turn over rate and drastic increase of responsibility. the most enjoyable part of my job is just knowing that because of me, I was able to help and make someones day. ","Teller/Teller Branch Supervisor Back-up","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 16, 2013","4.0"
"Family oriented ","I have been here one year and ready to move up to advance No room for growth at this time. My co workers are good. The hardest part of the job was the changing everyday thru email. The most enjoyable part was some of the duties","Single Point OF Contact","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 16, 2013","4.0"
"Great training system"," this bank has a great training class which able me to continue in the banking world.","Bilingual assistant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 14, 2013","5.0"
"Appearances were deceiving","Days began with a motivating morning meeting filled with statistics and a focus for the day. There were both peak times and down time during the day. I utilized down time by ordering supplies, settling an ATM, reorganizing my drawer, or taking various computerized trainings and tests available on this bank University. I enhanced my skills in efficiency and customer service in this position, developed relationships with clients, learned and sold a product line, and gained experience in operating various machines Management was initially supportive and encouraging, but became distant as new employees, including myself, became self sufficient. Morning meeting began to focus on information beyond the scope of tellers responsibilities. Feedback and monthly coaching/reviews were set on the back burner and came weeks or even months late. The teller line became discouraged and morale went way down The hardest part of the job eventually became having a positive attitude and a drive and desire to go to work. The product line began to change and low income customers or customers who didn't use this bank as their primary bank were starting to be weaned out of their accounts by increased fees. The managerial training approach to having these conversations with these customers was callous and unsympathetic. My work/life balance became disturbed The most enjoyable part of this job was building rapport with customers, and having the chance to do with I do best everyday. Fitting customers with products and watching them react to a banking relationship they had never experienced before felt - more...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 13, 2013","2.0"
"A solid Financial Services organization focused on Stock Holders equity"," this bank is a good place to work. However, management backing and capital allocation to support internal services severely lags, primarily in technology. ","Finance Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2013","3.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Working at this bank was a greet experience to learn and meet great customers. Easy to give excellent customer service with the training given. The goals were tough to meet at times but if we as a branch stopped competing with each other and we started completing each other by helping with goals to be reached.. I had a great manager and friend. Always willing to help and train.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Oaklyn, NJ","July 10, 2013","5.0"
"A very tech savy company","They will make you feel part of the company day 1. They are very tech reliant.","Mortage Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 10, 2013","5.0"
"Was not a bad place to work early on got worse as time went by.","Typical day was taking in transactions, helping customers and balancing books. Management was good but too disconnected from reality. Co workers are with you in the trenches and can be just as discouraged. At this point I can't think of one thing that was enjoyable about this job.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Hackensack, New Jersey","July 10, 2013","3.0"
"fun place to work with very energetic people","ordinary work days were very eventful yet very productive. Everyday was there was something new to be learned but fellow co-workers made it fun. The manager and supervisor were both patient, understanding and helpful. they would both go above and beyond to help out.","PT Teller","Current Employee","Onley, VA","July 9, 2013","5.0"
"Excellent Employer"," this bank is very good at finding training and retaining excellent employees. ","Business Compensation Advisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2013","4.0"
"Primary objective","My primary objective at this bank is to acquire business to bring to the bank. I have to create business plans in order to reach goals, and also come up with activities to attract potential customers. I meet my customer's financial needs by offering solutions that helps them meet their goals. I also work as a teller, and handle cash transactions regularly and find solutions to complex issues like customers over drafting their accounts. I always have to be proactive in an effort to find the new business the bank needs","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","sparta, nj","July 8, 2013","4.0"
"Good work environment","Dual and sole custody opening procedures. Daily cash balancing. Meeting daily and quarterly sales goals. There were 5-7 other consultants on the floor at all times so there was competition. Hardest part of the job was the distance from home. Most enjoyable part of the job was how much I learned and experience I gained.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wyckoff, NJ","July 8, 2013","4.0"
"Still trying to figure out who they are in the Mortgage world","Servicing is struggling and no one knows how to fix it. I would hope they do get it fixed because it could be a great company.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","July 5, 2013","2.0"
"it is okay","so far I can see pay is low, it is decent hours. it seems like the management do care about you, but the opportunity for advancement is limited","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","zion, il","July 4, 2013","3.0"
"Professional workplace with room to learn and grow.","No day is typical. One must be ready to react to many different situations as they arise. There are new things to learn every day. Management holds high standards and expects employees to be self motivated and descreet about proprietary and sensitive work issues. Co-workers are team players who support and work together to achieve organizational goals. A challenging part of the job is to maintain priorities in an extremely active work environment; to stay focused and professional at all times. Interaction with people, both co-workers, high level executives, and customers keep the position interesting, challenging and enjoyable.","Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 3, 2013","4.0"
"Architected and managed Projects","• Architected the migration of the company's main products from legacy technologies to the Microsoft .NET platform • Architected and developed 16 different Applications with a combination of different technologies in 14months with a team of 102 located in 4 different US states. These 16 different applications affected 18000 Lending Technologies employees and millions of Credit and Consumer loan customers. • Substantially improved all areas of the software development life cycle for the company products, introducing frameworks, methodologies, and best practices to the team. Established iterative development process, set up a QA lab, significantly amended release management and documentation. • Improved and enhanced software engineering processes by using Agile methodologies, continuous integration, and test-driven development. • Defined enterprise documentation standards and practices for project engagement and definition, use cases, test cases, technical documentation, support requests, and maintenance agreements. Mentored project teams; created, reviewed, and audited documentation artifacts, as needed. • Assisted Human Resource on both in recruitment phase and in performance appraisal phase. • Product lines built upon service-oriented enterprise architectures and open source frameworks (Struts, Spring, Hibernate) that are secure (Kerberos, X.509), scalable, extensible (component-oriented), interoperable (XML, SVC, Web Services), manageable, and serviceable. • Built and nurtured Line-Of-Business relationships, and doubled the revenues during the first year after the - more...","DOT NET Architect","Current Employee","Cleveland,OH","July 3, 2013","5.0"
"Former employee for more than 25 years and then laid off","The hardest part of the work was working through the displacement of the department when this bank took bank N Bank over back in 2010. As employees we needed to continue to work to our high standards or jeopardize any type of severance since they are an 'At will employer' so for any reason they could fire us Now when you call this bank HR to talk about retirement I am given two distinctly different answers so now were do you go? Just looking for some general answers about the options available for retirement payments and how to get the process started. Very disappointing call!","Retail Banking Officer Fraud Investigator","Former Employee","Royal Oak, Michigan","July 3, 2013","2.0"
"n/a","A place that really did not meet the expectations that were presented to me","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 2, 2013","1.0"
"Perspective: this bank","A typical day at work consisted of ensuring a wonderful customer experience, usage of 5 Star languange, and suggesting products/services to the customer. I learned how to talk and build relationships with people, to uncover needs that may help people, and mostly on how to cultivate relationships in order to grow with that customer on a regular basis. I didn't always agree with my manager, but I was able to learn so much just by watching, listening, and applying the things that I had seen in my time at this bank. I figure you won't always agree with the vision of your leader, but you always have to follow no matter the destination. I loved working with my staff. They were/are great people who worked hard at ensuring the success of the branch. I was able to supervise some of the most dynamic people within the finance industry and achieve so much within a short time. The hardest part of the job was the learning curve of my various positions. Being able to bounce back from mistakes and learning from those things to ensure future successes The most enjoyable part of my job was interacting with the customers. I met a lot of great people on a day to day basis and was able to cultivate the relationship in and out of the banking realm of things.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","July 1, 2013","4.0"
"Fun place, great manager","When I left Saegertown had one of the best managers to work with and a great team atmosphere","Teller","Former Employee","Saegertown, PA","June 27, 2013","5.0"
"Stressful job, but rewarding","As any banking job, it can get stressful with rules and regs, but it is a fun and rewarding job","Full time teller","Current Employee","linesville, pa","June 27, 2013","3.0"
"Typical bank job"," this bank has, over the past few years, slowly eliminated positions while demanding more from the still working employees. Overall a good company to work for with a decent benefits package.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","June 26, 2013","4.0"
"Great company for working mothers","I mostly enjoyed working with a team of seasoned professionals in the banking industry. ","Senior Associate","Former Employee","Palm Beach, FL","June 26, 2013","4.0"
"Great Company","Great company, it offers extensive mortgage opportunities","Mortgage Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 26, 2013","5.0"
"typical retail bank job","lack of training made it hard to manage an office that had little to no experienced staff.
","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","pittsburgh,pa","June 26, 2013","3.0"
"not teh best place to work","it's horrible being stuck in a grocery store, my manager didn't really care what we did or our growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Dumont, NJ","June 25, 2013","1.0"
"Nice job to work from home","I answer between 100 and 120 calls a day. This job is a very high level of stress. We have to be consistant with every customer that calls in and to help them achieve their financial goals. I enjoy helping the customers with their banking needs. The hardest part of this job is having to tell a customer no that we are unable to refund fees from them. ","Financial Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo MI","June 24, 2013","3.0"
"Too Inconsistent ","Nothing is in black and white - rules are made up as you go. Compensation is pitiful, unless your a branch manager or higher. It was okay for the time I was there, but I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 24, 2013","3.0"
"Teller","helping customers with their daily transactions from cashing checks, depositing, withdrawaling and approach customers with products referral to meet their financial needs. ","Teller","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","June 20, 2013","5.0"
"Horrid place to work, great place to learn","local management in the Alabama area is clueless to how to make this bank work in the local market. Local manager will ask you too unethical things to boost your numbers thereby boosting her numbers. Be careful!","Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","AL","June 20, 2013","2.0"
"Amazing Management","Amazing management team that encouraged personal and business successes. Great team and work environment. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Easton, PA","June 19, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and learning environment","I took care of clients' banking needs and assisted them with any issues they had. I learned how to effectively multi task while still delivering a 5 star customer service experience. The hardest part of my job was to overcome obstacles such as referring clients to other products or having investment conversations. But, with the help of coaching, I faced my fears and now feel comfortable. The most enjoyable part of my job is the people I work with and the different people I see to have a new conversation daily. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","June 18, 2013","5.0"
"nice place to work","scan the docs scan the docs, scanning software they used, coworkers were ok I stayed to my self,job was fairly easy,going home
","image processer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2013","2.0"
"I enjoyed the customer relationships I built during the 8 years I worked for this bank. The ability to learn new things during my time there was important.","When I first started in the banking industry it was more of a town home bank. We were bought out by this bank and joined the corporate world, naturally there were a lot of changes and I adapted very quickly. I had a very good customer following. I worked well with my co-workers. One thing in particular that my customers and co-workers would always comment on is the fact I always remembered names.","Teller II","Former Employee","Ocean City, MD","June 13, 2013","5.0"
"Quickstart and Goal Setting","A day at work would always start with a Quick Start. Quick Start is a 10-15 minute pep rally. I would huddle with the team to set individual goals on activities for the day and set the stage. Motivate the team to reach their goals and set the tone of the day I would then meet with my Financial Sales Consultant and talk about how her previous day went. Ask her question around what she felt she did good and what she found that may have hinder her from selling a product or having a complete conversation with a customer. I would role play with what hinder her from having the conversation with the customer, so she would feel comfortable with the next customer. She would set a goal for herself on the activities she was going to work on for the day. Then I would end our daily debrief with praising her on what she accomplished. I feel it's always best to end with a positive note. The hardest part of my job is when I can't provide for my customer. For example, when they are trying to better themselves and they would like to consolidate loans and it's declined. I give them advice and show them how they can build their credit. At the same time I know I did all that I could but the expression on their face is so hard to look at. On the other side, when I am able to provide for a customer who is purchasing their first car or home and the joy in their face is the most enjoyable part of my day. It also brings me joy when my team succeeds in meeting our goal in sales and customer service Gallup survey.
","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Spring Hope, NC","June 13, 2013","3.0"
"processing claims","data entry extreme sitting, process claims medical bills. working second shift 330p-12am","Data Entry","Current Employee","Fairview, OH","June 11, 2013","4.0"
"Rapidly growing ","good company to work for, high priority on work life balance.","Vice President Underwriting","Current Employee","DOWNERS GROVE IL","June 10, 2013","3.0"
"Fun work environment, neat people and good place to work","I have worked at this bank for going on 8 years. I have grown as a person and manager in this period of time. They worked well with my school schedule during college and provided me with a great work/life flexibility. I even met my fiance while working for this bank. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 9, 2013","5.0"
"No Training No Future","I will make this as simple as possible, this is not a good company to work for. No training and no future do not fall for the lies.","Assistant Branch Manger","Former Employee","Seymour, IN","June 9, 2013","1.0"
"Great employees and team players","Handling money and balancing cash draw, Helping customers with their account information and needs, Handling the ATM, ","Teller","Former Employee","Whiteville, NC","June 8, 2013","5.0"
"Good hours, lousy management ","Horrible training, lousy managers. Supervisors who didn't know what they were doing, criticism ","Teller","Former Employee","Painesville, OH","June 8, 2013","2.0"
"fun work place good place to work at","My day at work is at most times easy going. I talk to customers all day long on the phone and handle their problems. I work in a team but as well have my own file that I am responsible for each month.","Account Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 8, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company, Experience Varies by Department","While this bank is listed as a great place to work by multiple publications, individual experiences will vary by department. Some groups allow flexible work arrangements, while others offer very littel work/life balance. Additionally, some departments offer very little in way of career development and/or advancement Senior leadership is truly committed to culture and values, making this a company with long-term success on the horizon.","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 7, 2013","4.0"
"Job","I worked here for 9 months as payment processor, and data entry but I had to move to another company near to my home.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","IL","June 7, 2013","5.0"
"Exceptional support","Training, communicationa and support were beyond expectations during a challenging acqusition.","TREASURY MANAGEMENT OFFICER","Former Employee","Melbourne, FL","June 7, 2013","5.0"
"A solid company with many talented employees whom were a joy to work with","Attended to the needs of Wealth Management Trust clients through various services. I enjoyed the close working relationship with clients and being able to help them. I enjoyed my co-workers, they were all very helpful and kind. the hardest part of the job was my relationship with the Trust Advisor that I assisted. The most enjoyable part of the job was the client interaction and the other associates I worked with. ","Service Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 6, 2013","4.0"
"Not much room for advancement they would rather hire externally","Worked here for two years and received an eleven cent raise... what a joke, Was unable to move up in the company twice I applied for a job and was declined due to hiring externally. Go to Key or Huntington at least you get paid more per hour to do the same thing. Do not waste your time with a company that does not value their employees time and dedication.","Teller","Current Employee","OH","June 5, 2013","1.0"
"Taking the Bank to the Business","In my position as a WorkPlace FSC it was my job to take the bank into the business. ","WorkPlace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Central Indiana","June 5, 2013","3.0"
"Good Benefits, Horrible Management"," this bank was great, when it was bank N. Since this bank took over, the overall morale of our department plummeted. Things changed on a daily basis and were not communicated with the rest of the department. this bank started to push out the people that made 'too much' money for their position, so they could downsize and hire in new employees at a lower salary. ","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 5, 2013","2.0"
"A professional work environment","Working at this bank was a professional, structured job where accuracy, patience, and customer service were very important. ","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","State College, PA","June 4, 2013","4.0"
"A Good company to work for.","I was responsible for managing a group of 12-18 consultants that serviced customers on a daily basis. The group that I managed specialized in loan servicing. Essentially servicing and providing insight on all the lending instruments provided by the bank with the exception of first mortgages. I have learned a lot about the banking industry during my time with this bank. Both within my area and across different departments. I would say the most enjoyable portion of working with the customers is helping to find products that best fit their individual needs and then making certain they understand any pitfalls or potential nuances they may encounter. On the other hand, not all customers choose to follow the right path and sometimes get into products or services that do no best represent their needs and can cause high levels of frustration for our clients. Which in turn is reflected in our conversations. This is not one of the more enjoyable aspects, but it does provide the opportunity to turn the business around and perhaps even secure a greater wallet share. ","Supervisor","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 4, 2013","4.0"
" this bank does not care at all about it's employees. They say they do, but their actions speak differently.","Terrible place to work. They do not care about the employees at all. It is all about the numbers. They feel that their brand is so strong that people will just flock to be a part of the bank. Pressure galore. this bank is bad about paying people enough for all the responsibility they have.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Chillicothe, OH","June 4, 2013","1.0"
"Need more changes","If you are outside of Pittsburgh things are completing different. ","Quality Control Business Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 4, 2013","3.0"
"productive place to work, meeting and greeting customer service ","a typical day at work is transaction, customer service, and working with currency.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Peckville, PA","June 4, 2013","4.0"
"Daily face to face contact with customers","ability to build relationships, learn new skill sets and move within organization","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Camden, NJ","June 3, 2013","3.0"
"Co workers were team players and customer were nice","Balancing cash drawer and maintaining funds. Customer service. I learned the ins and outs of being a bank teller and handling large sums of cash as well as the paperwork required. Co workers were team players. The hardest part of the job was working 10 hours 1 week and then 35 the next. I really enjoyed the customer interaction.","Peak Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Throop, PA","June 3, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to work, good benefits, flexible scheduling","Typical day at work would be assisting customer's with transactions, balancing your teller window, cross-selling and referring bank products, some problem resolution and other duties as assigned. Co-workers were always nice to work with in a team environment. Training given was always good. Management was always nice to work with.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Howell, MI","June 1, 2013","5.0"
"Productive, fun place to work.","A typical day starts by opening my email and seeing new request from clients and/or partners from another line of business. Attending meetings to optimize work production and to learn about new processes. Management does not micro manage which enables everyone to be independent. The hardest part of the job sometimes is following all the procedures to complete simple task of the red tape was not there. The most enjoyable part is the coworkers.","Service Specialist Coordinator","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","May 30, 2013","4.0"
"Nice place - low pay","I love working with my co-workers, unfortunately our branch is being closed. Advancement into higher pay grades is difficult even if you have the education qualifications. Branch workers have low pay. I have met a lot of great people-customers and co-workers. ","Customer Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Sharpsville, PA","May 30, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Worked from the comfort of my home, really what else can I say this job was wonderful. How many people get to work in their PJ's with their feet up on their desk? Not many,but I did. this bank decided to close the main building that I worked form so my job was moved to Pittsburgh otherwise I had planned on retiring from this position. "," this bank Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","May 27, 2013","5.0"
"seniority ","The people who have worked for the company longer tend to get there way over new comes.","Teller","Current Employee","Wayne, NJ","May 27, 2013","3.0"
"I like my job and I am good at it.","I key checks and documents. I have learned how to look at the whole picture of the department and how each job effects each other. I work 3 days during the week and 2 weekend days. My weekend supervisor is very knowledge, compashionate and a great leader. I not only like her, but I consider her a friend. Corporate headquarters recently decided we are no longer allowed to work overtime, which hurts me financially, but it also leaves me feeling like we are not sustaining the best service we can to our customeres. It is hard for me to leave my work unfinish becaused of this change in policy. Best part of my job is the people I work with. We work as a team and try to provide the best services we can.","Senior Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 27, 2013","3.0"
"Micro-Managed Work","Basically, working in my department of this bank is like being in high school all over again... actually, it's worse. You're not supposed to have extensive conversations with your coworkers, if any at all. You have to keep track of every little thing that you do in a 'productivity database.' People tell on each other, instead of resolving issues with themselves. Team leads (one in particular) thinks she's the 'punisher', and enjoys bossing people around and reporting them for petty occurrences Everyone seems to be getting more miserable by the day. We have cake days for birthdays each month and food days, where we stuff ourselves with carbohydrates. People need to move around more. No wonder everyone is over-weight and unhappy. The pay is horrible. Having acquired bank N and Royal Bank of Canada, this bank's compensation and bonuses have slumped significantly from what I've been told. You only get 6 occasional absence days in addition to your vacation time and holidays. So whether you are sick and/or have a doctor's appointment or there is a death in the family or you have an interview, that's it for the year. And you can bet that if you want to use vacation time, you're going to get hassled for it. You may have a higher education than your manager's manager, you won't be compensated for it The up-sides are that job is not overly hard to do. You come in, punch your numbers, get everything it at a particular time, and then go home. You don't have to take your work home with you. ","Operations Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2013","3.0"
"New technology skills provided","Overnight shift hours were great! A typical day included several scenarios involved in the production and maintenance of client product. As lead Workflow Coordinator, I was constantly dependent on my team to make things happen, and they consistently provided miracles. ","Operations Workflow Manager","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 22, 2013","5.0"
"pretty disappointed so far","I am a loan officer with this bank and I'm very disappointed with my employer thus far. the training was horrible I thought I was joining a company with 5 star training in pitts burg and it's just not the case. my compensation was not what it was told when I started,everything in this company seems delayed.I can tell this bank ceo has the best interest for employees but the staff and the underwriters are not efficient enough... there's definitely room for improvement! You will work like an animal to get loans done. processes timely most loan officers are doing the job of a processor too.","Loan officer","Current Employee","Usa","May 22, 2013","3.0"
"Great Products and Services, Great People","I was fortunate to have been part of the this bank family for 3 years now. Thinking back to when I started, there were so many people who gave their time and energy to help make me the employee I am today. this bank products and services are very client-friendly, with tiered levels of sophistication for your casual bank user or your more in-depth, affluent bank users. My work days for the most part were enjoyable and some of the customers made the day go faster. Management has changed since I first started, but originally, management was awesome! We had a fun-loving group that encouraged through rewarding hard work. I learned the bulk of what I know about banking now to this bank, and I will be forever grateful for the opportunity they afforded me.","Customer Service Manager","Current Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","May 22, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Working on a fast pace and utilizing three or more tools to assist customers on outbound and inbound calls. Working as a team and individually to improve customer service. ","Bank Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 22, 2013","3.0"
"A great Bank to work for ","I have enjoyed working here at this bank its a great Bank to work for. Wish they where in california ","Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 22, 2013","4.0"
"great work place","i love this job. this is my first bank job and i absolutley love it. the only reason im looking for another job is because im moving. ","Teller","Current Employee","Frankfort, KY","May 22, 2013","5.0"
"Productive customer service/","As an employee at this bank, several transactions were done through out the day. Great employees and work environments. the Team would constantly cooperate with each other to meet sales goals. The most enjoyable part would be seeing customers with a big smile on their face because the customer service you gave.","Teller","Former Employee","mount prospect illinois","May 21, 2013","5.0"
" this bank In-Store Bank","I worked in this bank's InStore channel for several years. It is a great entry level experience for anyone looking to start a career in banking. The primary role of an In-Store banker is to prospect for clients inside of Giant Supermarkets with the purpose of recommending various products and services including accounts, investments, and credit instruments. There are very aggressive sales goals which can be stressful at times but the company does provide you with tools to get the job done. The position does require you work long non-conventional bank hours as the branches are open 7 day per week 364 days per year. There are strong advancement opportunities for those that excel in their roles. This probably wouldn't be a good fit for anyone looking for a traditional banking position.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bowie, MD","May 16, 2013","3.0"
"A great enviroment and friendly staff.","I enjoy working for this bank. The staff is friendly as well as our customers. ","Teller","Current Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","May 15, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work","I handle bankruptcy accts. and deceased accts. It was a great place to work and I learned a lot from co-workers. Management was very helpful. I learned very quick and would have stayed with the company but they merged and moved out of state.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 15, 2013","5.0"
"Poor Management/Took advantage of employees","I worked at bank N/ this bank for 13 1/2 years. I really enjoyed working there until the end of 2012. The management was very poor and they wrongfully terminated an employee. I lost all respect for the company then. I left the company after several other employees left this bank due to the management at the branch. Before I left I was doing teller work, teller supervisor work, and banker responsiblies. I worked six days a week and hardly got a day off. I would not recommend working with this company. You have to be friends with the manager! If she does not like you she will find a way to get rid of you. No one should be treated that way. I called our customer relations hotline several times and nothing was done ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ohio","May 14, 2013","3.0"
"Stable company to work for","Stable and established company to work for. Limited room for advancement, no bonuses and very limited employee engagement measures.","Conventional Loan Specialist II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 13, 2013","3.0"
"Productive, great place to work with state of the art exercise room ","A typical day at work began at 8:30 to 5:00. Sign on to the computer and type in applications. I learned accuracy while working at this bank. Accuracy is key as your entering pertinent information onto the system. Management was great! Management made you want to work as hard as you could by encouraging you, and driving you to want to become successful. Co-workers were pleasant and easy to get along with. We all worked as a team to get the work completed. The hardest part of the job was staring into the computer all day. The most enjoyable part of the job was having free lunch provided by management and also the excellent benefits that were provided by the company. ","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 11, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work good if you are new to banking.","An equal opportunity employer. Great place to work, good opportunities to grow. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Longwood, FL","May 10, 2013","5.0"
"not worth your time","Poor management, poor healthcare (insurance is from Pennsylvania - it works different in state of IL). Blame management for employees resigning there positions. There is no respect to human and employees rights... There is no work and life balance, nobody ask you if you are able to work almost 60 hours per week! Incompetent and selfish teller supervisor. There is so much favoritism with this branch. I do not regret I resigned my position. One of the worst places to work for! ","Teller","Former Employee","Central Branch, Chicago, IL","May 10, 2013","1.0"
"Nice environment with excellent people to work with."," this bank has given me a chance to grow and prove my skills in a 'green environment'. People are very friendly, great company to work for with many great benefits.","Administrative Assistant II in Chicago","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 9, 2013","4.0"
"A day in the life of online banking...","My typical day at this bank was talking to and troubleshooting customer problems with using the internet to view their accounts online, paying bills, transferring funds, and other various banking needs. I've learned a great deal about customers and their spending habits. More importantly, I've learned how to help an angry customer to being pleased within minutes. My coworkers were good people and we always had polite small talk to keep things friendly. The hardest part of my job was when I couldn't help with some customers' needs. Sometimes people want things that aren't possible, or don't realize that they are actually in the wrong. But those were the people that were most satisfied when I could help them. I really do like talking to people and helping with daily frustrations and problems. It is an intrinsic motivation that makes me good about myself.","Online Banking Tier II Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 9, 2013","5.0"
"Great company"," this bank is a great company to work for. I enjoy the day to day operations of working for one of the major North American banks. While I enjoy working for this bank, I would always be open to hearing about other opportunities that would further advance my career and be able to establish myself for years to come.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 8, 2013","5.0"
"A good place to start","Primarily responsible for serving as a rotating bank manager, including assisting with the general supervision of all employees. Worked in the recruiting and developing of new bank clients. Managed and directed the implementation of all new sales and services of the banks products. Developed financial plans to ensure customer use of the banks products on continual biases. ","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","South Williamsport, PA","May 8, 2013","2.0"
"most employees are freiendly","started with First of America-great bank to work for. merged with bank N-also great bank to work for. Both encouraged career advancement, incentives and company activities outside of the workplace. Merged with this bank resulted in forced retirements, downsizing in all departments and over-all micro management","Treasury Management CSR","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 8, 2013","3.0"
"Good work atmosphere, not enough pay for all job requiremens","I work with some of the best coworkers I have ever had, my managers are very supportive as well. The downside is we are under-staffed and the job is too sales oriented.","Teller","Current Employee","Mars, PA","May 8, 2013","3.0"
" this bank bank","Every day I bring new opportunities to use my sales experience, and product and procedural knowledge, as I work to identify the individual financial needs of our customers, and recommend this bank products and services that meet those needs. ","I bring value","Former Employee","Port Orange","May 8, 2013","3.0"
"Leadership was good to work with.","answered phone calls, worked on personal goals and departmental goals, research, paid escrow bills, processed refunds, created weekly status reports. I was the go to person for the escrow department and complied with government regulations.","Mortgage Loss Mitigation Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 6, 2013","4.0"
"Predominantly sales driven atmosphere.","As a Teller I typically handle customer transactions and recognizing opportunities to grow our relationship with the customer. ","Teller","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","May 5, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great company to work, good benefits, life and work management, great advancement opportunities. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","May 2, 2013","4.0"
"A fun place to work and seldom frustrating","I loved working at this bank. Coworkers were great and the job itself was enjoyable. However, with the compensating lacking I was forced to find another job.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","May 2, 2013","4.0"
"Lack of guidance ","A typical day was to ensure all money was counted for and transactions were completed correctly. Management was not present on a day to day basis. Co-workers would help when needed. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 2, 2013","2.0"
"Productive, organized, challenging , proficient and fun.","To maintain, balance ,coach and give 100% customer service. *How to overcome challenging obstacles on a daily basis. *To have daily meetings on production and goals for the day. *Worked great as a team. *Daily challenging obstacles with employee personal issues. *Feeling proud to work for my company. Servicing the clients. Coaching my team.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 1, 2013","5.0"
"Good Place to work","Its a good place to work. I have learned more of a direct marketing approach. The company that prides in the community it serves. Management varies per location. Coworkers are fun and is supportive by a strong team-working atmosphere. Hardest part of the job is reaching a bonus levels that are worth the handwork.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","May 1, 2013","4.0"
"Skilled work environment wit customers and service partners.","High risk environment allows for risk assessment skills and judgment. The ability to accept responsibility and take control of customer issues is important.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 30, 2013","4.0"
"Teller",".Great job as long as you're efficient in counting money. It's pretty laid back and you get a lot of interactions with different people. Room for advancement. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Massillon, OH","April 29, 2013","3.0"
"Understanding and High Pace Work Environment ","Answer email and phone calls and inquiries. Generate and interpret reports. Management is generally understanding in regards to time off and personal obligations. ","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2013","4.0"
"Productive place to work. "," this bank branch in springfield is pretty calm place to work. Working here have increased my knowledge in banking. ","Teller","Current Employee","Springfield, PA","April 27, 2013","4.0"
"Fun expirience ","I had a lot of fun working at the this bank very good company to work for, understanding and good to workers. Good health care.","Teller Associate","Former Employee","Newport, KY","April 26, 2013","5.0"
"productive and fast paced work place","Great experience in the banking industry. I learned how to sell and market banking products while recruiting new households for this bank. My co workers were had a depth of knowledge and were great to work with. The hardest part of the job was to the multitude of tasks that you had to perform in the same day. For example, you would have to do teller for a couple of hours and also you would have to have in depth conversations during platform. The most enjoyable part of the job is that you were actually putting people in better financial positions and granting them economic security.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 26, 2013","5.0"
"Enjoyable Place to work","I have learned the basic functions of the banking industry. Had the chance to work on my management skills.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 25, 2013","5.0"
"Review","It is a great place to work. We all get along and view each other as family. They are very big on work and life balance. Very involved in the community such as school bank programs for k-5.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 24, 2013","4.0"
"No work/life balance","If you are looking to be micromanaged, this is the place. Long hours, management doesn't care about employees. Managers can be very ignorant and self center, no coaching or support.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","IL","April 24, 2013","1.0"
"Repeat","No repeat of what you have done also they try to laid you off to get others to pay them less.","Head Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","bloomfield, nj","April 24, 2013","2.0"
"easy to work for. great work/life balance","call center environment. worked at home. answered 100+ call per day addressing customers banking issues and questions.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","April 24, 2013","4.0"
"Unorganized but great management.","The policies and procedures can change from day-to-day. The management helps out a lot when it is needed.","Single Point of Contact II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","April 24, 2013","2.0"
"Stable place to work","A typical day consisted of taking customer service and loan calls. I learned a lot about the banking process. the management was fantastic they were very team oriented. The co-workers were very helpful as a new employee. The hardest part was learning all the information. The most enjoyable part of the job was the team atmosphere.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","April 23, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and a great work place!","Great place to work at! Co workers are excellent and work is extremely easy, Work as a teller is pretty much like retail. You have to get referrals in order to keep your job. Easy way to make money and fits really well with your resume if you want to work or move up in any other bank.","Teller","Current Employee","Rockaway, NJ","April 22, 2013","5.0"
"Great co-workers, people always pleasant","Go to work at 3:00 pm, until all checks were completed. Encoded and proofed all checks done for that day. The most enjoyable part was getting to see how many checks you could do in an hour. The hardest part was working until all checks were done, no matter how long it took.","Proof Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 22, 2013","3.0"
"Great place to learn and grow professionally.","During a typical day at work I would be opening Trust Accounts, IMA's and IRA's for high net worth individuals and entities. I use my knowledge of policy and procedures to get the accounts open according to standards set by the law and the company.I've learned much during my time with this bank, including; how to be a problem solver, manage others, time management, and a wealth of other professional skills that would make me an asset to any team.My co-workers are my team members, and I have always been very willing to be of help to them when they need, and they have done the same for me. A team that works together creates the best client experience.Nothing is too hard on the job, and a challenge is always welcomed.The most enjoyable part of my work, is knowing that I will always get out of it what I put in.","AST Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 22, 2013","4.0"
"dead end job","drive you to suicidelearned that if you kiss your bosses behind and rat out your fellow coworkers, you will get a $5/hour increase in pay!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia","April 21, 2013","1.0"
" this bank","I cant say enough good about this company! Great place to work, with wonderful employees!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 18, 2013","5.0"
"Productive","A typicall day at work is open the bank, make sure i prepare myself and my co wokers for th day. Before we open i always have a quick start which i talk about bank products and how we can make more sales. After we open i provide all the customers with professional and high energy service. I smile all day, I greet every customer that walks in the bank. I handle the vault and i deal wit customer complaints. I always make sure i provide the highest customer service skills that i possibly can and i make sure the customer leaves happy. I learned that providing good service is important. Staying focus and presenting yourself as a professional. I am an outgoing person i love talking to people and remembering faces. I am a team player. I believe that woring as a team makes the company stronger and a better enviornmnet to work in. Everyday i deal with things that i consider being hard. But i try my best to make it my best and make sure that i learn everyday from my mistakes. I enjoy working hard and i enjoy learning.","Teller - Branch Retail Banking","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 18, 2013","5.0"
"excellent","excellent jobAssisting customers with opening new accounts.Ø Accept loan payments.Ø Deposit or cash checks for customers.Ø Make withdrawls for customers.Ø Update information to the customers on new banking products.Ø Answer any questions for the customer or refer them to someone who can help answer phonesØ Balance cash drawersØ Process night deposits or mail deposits","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","April 18, 2013","5.0"
"Not worth the headache","Management is horrible. Monkeys would do a better job. Employees are not cared about and advancement is nearly impossible. They would rather hire outsiders before advancing hard working employees. Company is more worried about sales than customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Spanish Fort","April 17, 2013","1.0"
"under-staffed, low pay/ resources available to help employees","Tellers make very little money, you have to work weekends, no exceptions, they do not rotate shift for part-time tellers. under-staffing at branches frequently lead to stress factors for employees and dissatisfaction in customer service. Banking is clean enviroment, but pressure is always there for sales. No job security.","teller","Former Employee","New jersey","April 14, 2013","2.0"
"Productive work place. Very high volume of customers that we took care of daily.","Very productive work place that finished each month as one of the top branches in Louisville. Very high volume of customers that we took care of each day and majority of those customers always came back with a smile. I learned a lot about handling large amounts of money and working with older woman with a common goal of being the best bank representatives we could be. I also learned how to increase my abilities as a leader, because many things that needed to be done I would just take care of them myself or contact my manager for help if needed. I loved my co workers! I love working as a team. The hardest part about my job was balancing even at the end of the day, because one small error could throw all the numbers off. And, I most enjoyed coming to work each day, seeing the smiling faces and taking care of the communities banking needs.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 13, 2013","4.0"
" this bank truly cares about there customers","Best managers I ever worked for. This particular location was a slow location.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","April 12, 2013","5.0"
"Good for entry level candidates, but not long term","The environment was beautiful because it was brand new when I worked there, however, the management was not very friendly to their staff. They overworked many of us. The trainer was very condescending if you did not catch on to what she was saying the very first time. It was so embarrassing to see her and the management belittle other employees in front of guests and clients while they were in the branch.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Oakmont, PA","April 9, 2013","2.0"
"Very good company to work for.","I had went into work my usual shift, expected a normal day. When I arrive to work we are short staff due to a teller calling out sick. My supervisor had report's to get done, there was several other task to complete. I worked the teller line alone as well as prepared all coin orders, process two ATM machines that day. That was a very busy day for me, I felt like I worked alone the whole day.When I arrive to work the next day my manager had called me into her office to personal thank me for the wonderful job I've done. I learned that sometimes stuff happens, the only way to get through it is stay come and do your best. The hardest part was completing my many task while wait on customers, I didn't like for the customers to wait.","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","April 9, 2013","5.0"
"Competition based environment","You will learn great sales techniques and how to address yourself professionally over the phone. A very tedious job with constant changing variables from customer to customer. You will enjoy helping others get through financial troubles and help them get their financial back on track. Co-workers are great, but management loves to micro-manage.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 9, 2013","4.0"
"good company with great benefits","decent company with room for advancement, although there is frequent turnover on the retail side.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 8, 2013","3.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank focuses a lot on both customer and employee engagement.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","East Lansing, MI","April 8, 2013","5.0"
"Productive workplace","I feel that I had a very supportive manager who was concerned with my success. She was also very understanding and offered a lot of her assistance.","Data Entry Clerk","Team Leader","Moorestown, NJ","April 8, 2013","5.0"
"I like helping people.","Helping people with their banking needs and to see if there is anything else or products that they would be interested in.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hopwood, PA","April 7, 2013","5.0"
"It was a good place to work for me because of it's close proxymity to my residence","I loved it there. It's a great place to workI whent in every morning and go straight to workprocessing checks by way of making decisions and watching out for possible fraud checksManagement team very polite and co-workers were very helpfulEmployee appreciation week was always very enjoyable","Team Leader II","Former Employee","Philadelphia","April 4, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and friendly workplace","coworkers were very nice and so were the managers. the employees were very knowledgeable and willing to help with difficult situations.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 3, 2013","4.0"
"Much opportunity for advancement.","Growth of the company offers greater opportunity. The financial institution offers much in the way of financial diversity.","Government Banking","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","April 3, 2013","3.0"
" this bank = Easy, Confidence and Achievement."," this bank is a great company to work for; the benefits are good, they offer 401(k) match, living well programs, and more. this bank is very client focused and the organization's ideals are great overall. I love that this bank is very involved in the community and that they have 'green' ideals. If you are great with people and are driven to help people but at the same time are sales driven, you'll love working at this bank.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","FL","April 2, 2013","4.0"
"Good company","Overall I have had a great experience with this bank with some minor problems throughout.","Operations Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 2, 2013","4.0"
"Very Busy and constantly learning new information","The typical day at this bank, was very family oriented. Constantly being informed about the changes that were occurring in the financial world and constantly in class to better you in your job. OUstanding management team that cares about your well-being and making sure that you balance work and home. The best part of the job was being able to discuss your work with other employees to get there perspective of what they would do differently.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2013","4.0"
"good coworkers","good coworkers to work with in a team environment.Long hours of work day","Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","April 1, 2013","3.0"
"None","This was a difficult company to navigate. Not very employee friendly.","FINACIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2013","3.0"
"Productive workflow, all about productivity","Typical day would usually be between 8-10hrs of work. I worked with amazing, down to earth co-workers who were easy to talk to and work with. The hardest part of the job was working with our system because they were so out-dated. The most enjoyable part of the job was receiving the pay check.","Underwriting Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2013","4.0"
"Oracle Developer","• Developing control files, SQL *Loader scripts, Oracle import and export scripts for data loading, migration and backup of Oracle data• Responsible for developing PL/SQL Functions, Procedures, Packages, Cursors and Triggers• Worked on tickets to fix the issues reported by the end users• Optimized the performance using PL/SQL table types and record types• Involved in designing the data model (logical / physical) by creating new objects and by using existing objects of the data mart as per the business requirements• Developed SQL scripts for Extraction, transformation and Loading of Data and designed source Entities for Oracle• Generating software upgrade scripts for cross functional teams• Heavily involved in writing Test Cases and Unit Analysis and Testing (UAT) to test each and every logical branch of the stored Procedure.• Wrote SQL queries to developed test data for use during test execution• Worked on complete SDLC(Software Development Life Cycle) including system analysis, high level design, detailed design, coding and testing• Participated in meetings to gather functional and non-functional requirements with experts and end-users","Oracle Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2013","4.0"
"Knowledgeable and fun work place.","* Busy environment* Learn about different products the Bank provides* Work well with management and coworkers* The hardest part on the job is when I have to inform a customerthe account balance is negative.* The most enjoyable part of the job is when the customer leavehappy and satisfy with the service I provide.","Teller Representative II","Current Employee","Blakeslee, PA","March 27, 2013","5.0"
"The Bank really groomed me for the corporate world!","Had a great opportunity to perform daily settlement between this bank and eight other participating Banks.","Pocono Northeast Clearinghouse Manager","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","March 27, 2013","4.0"
"Fun workplace and easy to learn and advance","Great friendly work environment, easy to advance and the accessibility of learning materials.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ludington, MI","March 26, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","Decent company, but lacks talent at all levels. Also, the culture is driven by fear. The company lacks innovation and makes it hard to modernize the business lines. Hopefully, they will get bought out to save them from themselves because the new world of banking and investments will require more up to date solutions for clients.","AVP Sales Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2013","2.0"
"Fast paced and constantly evolving","Handling large amount of cash on a day to day basis.The importance of personal financial responsibility.","Teller","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 24, 2013","4.0"
"Worst company ever","Company is selfish, doesn't care about there employees. They have lots of harrasment going around that they keep under the radar and try to keep there employees quite. Pay is horrible. They treat you like a slave. My advice, be unemployed before you work here ever.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 20, 2013","1.0"
"I despise this company and everything they stand for.","I go to work every day, working accounts that are delinquent. It's the same boring job, over and over again. This job was decent when I was working on my MBA but now that I've graduated, I dread coming to work every day.I learned that Corporate America is all about who you know. You have to be best friends with the management in order to succeed and advance in the company. I refuse to lose myself and my integrity trying to get ahead. My qualifications and work ethic speaks for itself and I shouldn't have to bring lunch to the managers everyday or get involved in their personal lives. Business and business and that's how I like to keep it at this company. I never had any issues with my direct supervisors or managers but I'm very observant and I'm smart enough to know what it takes to get ahead and I refuse to be a part of that.The co-workers are great! Never had any issues or problems.Nothing is hard about my job. It's very easy, just BORING!The most enjoyable part of my job is making incentive. Although my base salary is low, the incentive every month makes up for it but honestly, it's not that great but it helps.","Default Specialist II - Consumer Lending","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2013","2.0"
"Good company but pay rate is low","Some customers are friendly and transactions are easy.Sometimes a lot of emphasis is put on the sales.","Part Time Teller","Current Employee","Troy, MI","March 18, 2013","3.0"
"A very demanding atmoshphere in the banking business","A typical day consists of constant face to face interaction with clients. There is never a dull moment. Because of high volume traffic, this gives me the opportunity to uncover many referral opportunities within the client base, which is also part of the job. The hardest part is meeting your goals and having to balance many aspects at once, however I work best under pressure.","Banking Representative","Current Employee","Haddonfield, NJ","March 18, 2013","3.0"
"A good start but limited"," this bank has been very good to me. I started fresh out of college and I have learned a lot. Unfortunately, there are not a lot chances for advancement in my Line of Business.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","March 18, 2013","4.0"
"Customer Service Oriented","I typically come in after the branch has opened, and work til closing time. I run a cash drawer daily, and provide customer service. The most frustrating part of the job is that I am only part time, and there is no full time position available. I love the people I work with.","Teller","Current Employee","Frankfort, ky","March 16, 2013","3.0"
"A great company with advancement opportunities and great people.","Company was fantastic. They have excellent people throughout the organization that would like to help you succeed and advance. Typical day included customer service, looking to uncover needs, selling loans and investments and making phone calls. My co-workers were great and very easy to work with. Far and away the most enjoyable part of the job was being able to put customers in a better place financially.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Canfield, OH","March 15, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and fun workplace with staff.","Good learning environment.learned about the values and respect of others.management was excellent.Co-workers were always a good team player.making sure the high dollars signature was verified properly.completing my work on time.","General Bank Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 15, 2013","5.0"
"Good working atmosphere, some growth potential, fair morale","Opportunities to try something new. Encouraged to shift your focus every year or so. Teams worked closely with each other. Individuals stepped up to take on task areas. 'I'll take that' was often heard in cross-team meetings. Benefits were very good as well.","Foreclosure Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 14, 2013","3.0"
"Games played","Strictly collections of charged off checking accounts. Changing of rules for the use of the cell phone #'s to be called. New compliance of law for contacts availability.Games and skits played out, breakfasts, donuts and ice cream on days to reduce stress towards month end.The most enjoyable was hitting above my goal was very rewarding, bonus.","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","March 13, 2013","3.0"
"Comfortable Work Setting w/Professional Team Members","Change Management PM assignment was an interesting project assignment that increased my collaboration skills with other PMs, Developers, BA's/QA/Production Team to easily move changes for a large project through the system.Worked with team members who were willing to answer questions and provide insight into how and what procedures and applications were used easily ramped up my productivity.Management was open and willing to provide feedback to enhance knowledge and productivity.Having the ability to work on my own but also get assistance when questions arose to move a project forward.","IT PM - Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 13, 2013","4.0"
"Productive, detail oriented","This is a place were you can learn a lot about the ins and outs of financial planning","Collection Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 13, 2013","5.0"
"Fun working environment","Sold bank productsAssisted clientsLearned about loansLong work hours","Financial Consultant II","Former Employee","Washington DC","March 13, 2013","3.0"
"Good company, however, technology is behind the times.","Overall, I enjoyed my time with the company, however, the technology was lacking.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 12, 2013","4.0"
"rewarding role","Worked on residential mortgage applications, PHFA FHA and VA loans. Two step construction loan applications. Draw and end loan conversions.","Lead Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","March 12, 2013","4.0"
"no ping pong tables and no fun","I did scanning and scanned over 1000 invoice and then when I was done scanning I did accounts payable on the computer. I learned View Star. Management was the best and I enjoyed working for this bank. M Co workers were very helpful and nice. the hardest part of my job was not hard at all. I really enjoyed working at this bank Beause it was very comfortable. I went from a temp to a full time person that was the best thing that happened to me. Overall Rating I really miss working for this bank. The overall rating was excellent","Accounts Payable Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 11, 2013","5.0"
"Good company","Good company to work for however ready for new challenges. The people in the two offices I have been in are so friendly and helpful. Typical day includes coaching employees and reviewing metrics to help better our performance on a day to day basis.","Mortgage Short Sales - Officer/Operations Manager","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 10, 2013","4.0"
"n/a"," this bank is a great place to work and there is a lot of opportunity.","Retail Banking ACCEL Associate","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","March 10, 2013","4.0"
"I enjoy working with my team","I am a part of the management and I manage six employees. I manage my team by the process of scheduling,Coaching ,Observations, hiring .I enjoy working with my team .I am a multi tasker and able to accomplish my goals.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Schaumburg, IL","March 9, 2013","4.0"
"Fun Workplace","The best part of the job was my Team Lead she was amazing. The employees were decent. I learned basic banking skills such as helping customers with their banking needs and wants helping them with re-ordering a debt card or a stolen card, making sure when they went on vacation they would have a note in the account letting the next person that worked on that account if any fraudulent activity happened they would know if or not the customer was out of the country or not. Loans, interest rates etc. The experience with this bank wasn't as i was hoping but it has made me understand banking a lot more than i did before i worked there.","Outbound Sales Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 6, 2013","3.0"
"n/a","Good company to work for. Little career growth opportunities and the pay is not very competitive","RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","March 6, 2013","4.0"
"Low pay","The bank is very stable to work for but they pay very very little compared to other banks in my area. Benefits are a joke but 401k is pretty good. Everything really depends on the team you work with, there are some very good teams in this bank and they do very well sales wise. Managers tend to micro manage or not care about their branches at all, the ones I have worked with have all been not very knowledgable about the banks products and just running the bank in general, but they are all sales sharks. Overall its a nice company to start your career with but in a year or 2 you will want to earn more money for the amount of work you end up doing.","universal banker","Current Employee","n/a","March 6, 2013","3.0"
"An interesting place to work.","A great team player environment. Overall experience is good , a typical day at work is busy and many meetings to attend.","Product Development Manager","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 5, 2013","3.0"
"Nice place to work","Working in credit card services was a somewhat fast paced job that required multitasking and the ability to think on your feet. If you did not know the answer to a customers question you needed to know exactly where to get it and be able to get it quickly, while they were on the phone. Co-workers were generally helpful and management listened to calls and provided regular feedback.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 4, 2013","4.0"
"A Nice place to work with great benefits","Building & growning. Lots of coaching & customer service. Training about all new products. Hours are pretty good, vacation.","Workplace Specialist","Current Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","March 3, 2013","3.0"
"I Hate It!!!","Worse management ever from the regional to the branch management. HORRIBLE!!!","Customer Service","Former Employee","40th street branch","March 2, 2013","1.0"
"Great place to work with a conservative culture","Great place to work with normal working hours. Pittsburgh is a great city to work in and is improving its food options downtown.","Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 1, 2013","4.0"
"A company where you can learn and grow.","A typical day at work includes coaching and development. Handle routine financial transactions (deposits, withdrawals, advances, loan payments, merchant transactions etc.), and balances these transactions daily while ensuring a positive interaction with customers and non-customers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 1, 2013","4.0"
"Very busy but I enjoy a fast pace","I work at a very busy branch and we service a large number of customers on a daily basis. All of my co-workers are great and enjoy working with them. We are like a family. I love to make sure the customers needs are met and they know they are very valuable to me and the company.","Teller","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","February 28, 2013","4.0"
"Great Start to a Career in the Financial World."," this bank was a great decision I made to begin my career in a financial institution. The management is wonderful and helpful in helping learn and perfect all aspects of the daily teller duties. The hardest part of the job is dealing with irate customers. However the training and guidance I have received has allowed me to be able to diffuse any situation I have control over, or if I do not have the ability to solve the problem myself, I know the right procedures to get the customer to the individual who would be able to help them in the most efficient way.","Teller","Current Employee","Towson, MD","February 28, 2013","4.0"
"A good work environment that experienced a lot of changes through multiple integrations.","The values of the company are strong and there is a desire to meet customer's needs and exceed expectations.","Group Leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2013","4.0"
"Great college job"," this bank was a great place to work. I really developed my customer service skills and became more confident during my time working there. I worked at this bank for all of college and really felt that the management was flexible with my school schedule.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Warrenton, VA","February 27, 2013","5.0"
"Roll up your sleeves and work","I run the day to day production in all facets in the Hudson Valley. Teaching, training and recruiting are an everyday must. I built the operation from its inception, hired staff and drove production into profitability inside of 8 months. I spend half of the day on the phone with operations and the other half in the field with my officers assisting in any capacity.","Market Manager","Former Employee","NY","February 27, 2013","2.0"
"ON A SCALE FROM 1 to 10 they would receive a 3","NOT PLEASANT WORK ENVIRONMENT I didn't care for their management team i didn't trust them very petty,sneaky and underhanded.Future management training should be required for managers just don't give someone a job to fill a vacany.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2013","1.0"
"Good company","People oriented.They really care for employees.Staffing issues are there all the time.","Workplace Champion","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","February 25, 2013","5.0"
"Good company to work for","Good company not the greatest compensation for the work you have to do","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","February 25, 2013","3.0"
"Good Company","Great culture and opportunity for Advancement within. Company values are consistent throughout.","Assistant Vice President - Branch Manager","Current Employee","Kewaskum, WI","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"Professional work environment","overall was a friendly, efficient, professional place to work","Outbound Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"A nice company for a recent college grad.","Cold callingInternal marketingYoung leadershipSeasonedCollaboration between branches and leadershipThe customer interaction","Workplace Banking Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"Productive but under paid"," this bank is a great place to work with a lot of great people, however the pay is far from impressive.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"I answered people's questions regarding their credit card bills.","I handled elevated calls from people when they were upset and asking for a supervisor.","Customer Service Specialist III","Former Employee","Lafayette, IN","February 24, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to work","This is an amazing company to work for. The training, engagement, and production expectation level is stellar. As the financial industry suffers, micromanagement can get stressful at times.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gainesville, FL","February 22, 2013","4.0"
"Good Heart, Bad Management","Is a company with it's heart in the right place. Management is lacking. Technology is far behind. The company seems to be falling backward instead of moving forward.It is a shame.Typical day is spent making calls to try to get business in the door. The teller line was always solid and friendly. The sales partners also were always there to assist.Unfortunatly Management beleived that their goal and ego comes before the good of the branch.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wauconda, IL","February 21, 2013","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank Is a good company to work for. I've worked there for a year and a half now and its a pretty laid back company.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Antioch IL","February 21, 2013","5.0"
"didn't enjoy working here","Unprofessional management and work environment. Worked in call center.","Default","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 20, 2013","2.0"
"Good company but stressful requirements"," this bank is a great company. Benefits are great as well as work/life balance. The only thing that was overwhelming is the sales. Requirements for investments and meeting the goals for the individual is stressful. You have the thought of possibly losing your job or not getting incentive pay. Banks don't pay you much. There is no trying just doing. If you can meet your goals and have the good ability to sell products and services any position at this bank is for you. Banks are becoming more know for sales and more goal oriented.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","NJ","February 19, 2013","4.0"
"Productive","I really liked this job because I was doing paper work all day and I always wanted a job where I can sit down and do something to occupy my time. I learned how to work with others and how to sort papers and put them into the volts. I enjoyed my co-workers. They were friendly and easy to get along with even though they weren't trustworthy either. There really was no hard part about this job. I hate it ended so soon. I really enjoyed being in the office. The people there were really nice and easy-going.","Sorter","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 18, 2013","5.0"
"Good money, bad management","Company is a decent company with pretty good products. Base pay is $12/hr with a 10% shift diff if you work after 11am. Management has a high turn over rate because the job is so boring and stressful. Take customer call after call, always busy, and there's never any supervisors around to assist with the crazy customers. Not a horrible entry level job but you will burn out within 6 months. i don't know how I did 2 years :-/","Online Banking Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 17, 2013","3.0"
"Great place for a part-time","A typical day at this bank consist of helping and serving customers with everyday banking needs.I learned a lot about simple banking and learned how ot handle large sums of money.My management was very driven, however sometimes that drive turned out to be impersonable and unapproachable.My co-workers were great and very hard working. We really worked as team especially when we had the pccasional difficult customers. We always appraoched the situation in the best way possible to please the customer.","Teller","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","February 17, 2013","2.0"
"Bad management, no morale"," this bank has the market cornered on customer service. However, the same cannot be said for the way employees are treated. I have never come across a company where management was such a universally miserable lot of individuals, who in turn passed that misery on to their teams. It was made painfully obvious on a daily basis your individual needs were of no importance to anyone but you and if this was unacceptable to you, you were certainly replaceable. Every day was just the longest day of your life.","Teller","Former Employee","DE","February 17, 2013","2.0"
"productive and teamwork advance place","An 8hours typical day at work. I've learned to processed, received, various checks using a database entry level, Good Management overall and my co-workers are pleasant as well. The hardest part of the job was on the editing side and the most enjoyable part of the job was the hourly rate was good, sufficient enough to get an excellent group insurance.","Receivable Check Processor 1","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2013","5.0"
"Sales Driven Success","Lots of room for growth, great incentive plan! I love working with my team, and watching them grow and become even more successful.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Falls Church, VA","February 14, 2013","4.0"
"Great Team, Exec Leadership :-/","Would return... maybe. The team environment is second to none. The benefits are O.K., but expensive. The training is good but the internal computer software is lacking if you are coming in from one of the larger banks.","Bank Officer","Former Employee","MI","February 14, 2013","4.0"
"Very poor Wealth Management offering"," this bank Wealth Management is by far, the must unhealthy and unprofessional work environment I have been involved in during my 10+ year career. The environment is not only chaotic and driven by drama but it is all filled with gossip obsessed, immature individuals who operate with what they believe is a 'cut-throat' mentality but in actuality it is childlike behavior that leads to poor results, lack of production and failed business plans. There is no sense of direction given from upper management which leads to a free for all and a scramble for answers any time an issue arises. The only way to get ahead is to 'yes' the under qualified senior management to death. There is a lack of quality employees and work produced which is evident by the fact that clients pull their money out of the bank quite frequently. Management hires with an outsourcing-type mentality- they only hire cheap labor, with a lack of ability in order to give the appearance that the job is getting done. Once the employees catch on to this cyclical pattern they move on or are replaced immediately. There is no room to develop your skills, perfect your art and truly produce quality work because at this bank Wealth Management, they are only concerned with 'putting a bandage over the wound' rather than actually healing it. Appearing to produce results is far more important than actually producing results. I would not recommend working here to anyone with an interest in longevity or the ambition to succeed in the Wealth Management business.","Wealth Management Advisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 14, 2013","1.0"
"Good place to work in Pittsburgh","However, hard to advance or move around internally. I've met several good friends and mentors while working here.","Project Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2013","3.0"
"Great and Layed back enciorment","nice envoirmentI learned how to be patient with people and how to pay attention to detailgoodCo Workers are the bestThe hardest part of the job will be leaving itthe enviorment is the best","Fulltime Bank Teller","Current Employee","indianapolis","February 12, 2013","5.0"
"Great work environment","I represent 4 Regional Managers and their client portfolios. Three of the Managers are based in Southern New Jersey and PA. I am responsible to ensure that all their loan transactions are conducted in a timely manner.The most interesting part of my job is that it is multifaceted -as I deal with monetary transactions, loan extensions, new loans, letters of credit and research. Multi tasking and fast paced -as some of the transactions need immediate response ( e.g.wiring funds).Training consistantly to help us function better at jobs- which is very helpful and there are a lot of resources available. The best part of work is that we have a great team and management to work with.The hardest part is that we have learned that the job we love will no longer be available as we will be laid off in the near future and all our jobs will be moved to another state.","Loan Support Analyst - Commercial Lending","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","February 12, 2013","3.0"
"Good values and upper management","Although I really like this bank and it's values, I felt there was a lack of communication and understanding within our specific branch which in return may have caused a lack of a team oriented workplace at times.Picked up many skills and learned a lot about the banking industry and was able to offer my skills and knowledge from my experiences.The work days felt long at times but usually went by quickly if kept busy and searching fro ways to imrpove the company/branch and yourself.I really enjoyed the ability to perform at a professional level through my experiences and what i have learned through my experiences. I was happy to share these experiences with my peers and superiors and help everyone around me become better; at the same time, learning from others the same way.Didn't like the employee advancement opportunities and the fact that employees came and went very quickly (usually at the employee's decision)","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","February 11, 2013","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work at. I have learned a lot since i have been here and i am learning something new everyday. I appreciate everything this bank has offered me.","Teller","Current Employee","Sterling, VA, US","February 11, 2013","5.0"
"Great team feel","Great work / life balance. Great training. Great team environment.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, MI","February 9, 2013","4.0"
"Great group of people to work with.","The job is hard and can be tiresome. What makes up for that is we have a great team to work with.Sell and upsale company productsAssist customers with financial issuesMaintain e-mail correspondence with customersAssist customers with wire transferHelp maintain trust accountsMaintain knowledge of current company productsProblem solve bill pay issuesAssist wealth management clients with their business accountsMaintain consistent contact with other departments to resolve customer issuesReview customer accounts for fraudulent activities and assist in avoiding fraud","Finacial Specialist","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","February 9, 2013","4.0"
"Banking in this economy","Banking is a tough industry with the low interest rate environment. The people at this bank are great. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping clients discover needs and fulfilling them. The downside is that management is under intense pressure to keep cost down while the worker is under that same pressure to ensure customer quality interactions. Cutting cost usually means limiting worker client interactions, which is counter to what clients want. As workers we are stuck in the middle.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Devon, PA","February 8, 2013","3.0"
"Great Company","Great Company to work for.I enjoyed everything I did while working for this bank. I was a Teller Mananger and i enjoyed my job.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","February 8, 2013","5.0"
"Fun, exciting envrionment","I arrive at work at 8 am, i procceed with my dail requirements of depositing currency and withdrawing it as well. My co-workers and I work together to accomplish more together. It is a fun ,enjoyable environment where the only part that is difficult is not being able to service all the customers needs","Teller","Current Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","February 7, 2013","4.0"
"This was a fun place to work, management always encourgaged employees to further education","typical day = making sure all documentation were received from the clients and reviewed to send onto underwriting. Follow up with Sales reps to advise them of status on their closings daily.What I learned - We had several training classes when employed for a short time Learned processing, some underwriting.Co workers - the team I was assigned to all the co workers were so helpful and willing to teach everyone got along with everyone.Hardest part = I can't say there was a hard part of this job It was a great learning experience. I guess if have to answer this question the hardest part was dealing with sales reps sometimes to try to explain to them what was needed or not provided for a closing.Enjoyable part of the job, was a great team and actually looked forward to going to work every day.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Piscataway NJ","February 7, 2013","5.0"
"Productive work environment but micro managing is over the top","• Maintain and improve customer relations• Provide quality customer service while managing customer complaints• Analyze, interpret and communicate detailed information/detail oriented• Meet monthly/quarterly individual sales goals• Communicate benefits of all consumer products and services• Conform with all quality assurance regulations• Strong phone communication skills","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2013","3.0"
"Employed for very short period of time","I became a this bank employee through the acquisition of RBC Bank and was displaced after 2 weeks with the company due to position elimination.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 6, 2013","4.0"
"Fun workplace, but upper management is harsh","I loved working here with my current manager, but due to upper management being so stuck on customer service and numbers; the branch I worked for is always under the radar.They make your every day job hard because they do not give you time to work on what needs to be done.","Financial Service Consultant","Current Employee","Flourtown, PA","February 5, 2013","4.0"
"Good Place to work","Good people to work with, make you feel a part of the team immediately. Work/Life Flexibility is great, managers willing to work with you when situations arise. Appreciate that promoting within is a huge priority.","HR","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","February 5, 2013","3.0"
"great working enviroment","it is a great place to work with cool and awesome people. it was a great learning experience","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Norristown, PA","February 3, 2013","4.0"
"A great place to develop business relationships.","I was responsible for managing, training, directing, and coordinating activities for a 7000 call per month call center in the Operations department, My position required heavy interaction with all departments of the bank not only in operations, but with the corporate banking department as well. I was also responsible for maintaining a budget, and meeting the financial plan for the department. I worked heavily with the marketing department to assist in sales and to maintain current client relationships. I loved this job because it allowed me to work with so many different departments of the bank and with so many people with diverse backgrounds and skill sets within their job function. I was required to put in long hours, and did take work home. I enjoyed managing people, I liked getting to know them and assigning projects that matched their skills sets, that kept morale high and let them feel a part of what the unit represented. The pros were much more than the cons with this job.","Assistant Vice President - Client Services Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 3, 2013","4.0"
"Summary","This is a fantastic organization and I cannot say enough about my current management team.Unfortunately, the opportunity for personal growth and promotion is not available to me at this time and I am ready to move forward.","VP Wealth Management - Assoc. Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, Ohio","February 2, 2013","5.0"
"Paid the Bills","I learned everything about banking products and services. The hardest part of the job was that managers were always breathing down your throat for customer service even when you are in a sales role.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 1, 2013","4.0"
"Great company with great benefits....","I started with the company already with 14 years of lockbox experience. I learned quite a lot from all my management team.. i had several managers durint my years there and they all encouraged me to follow my dreams. The hardest part of my job was the shift changes. I started out on weekends and then went to day shift and finally ended on night shift.. The night shift was the hardest.. I enjoyed the fairness and recognition all employees are given and the rewards also. Overall this bank is a great company..","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","College Park, GA","February 1, 2013","5.0"
" this bank was an amazing job! I loved my co-workers and everyone who knew me thought I was a team player. this bank let me grow with-in the company.","My job was mostly Data entry. I would start my morning off by running reports and also doing the swift reconciliation from other countries. I would look over imports and exports and make sure our customers had the correcxt legal documentation to proceed with their transactions. Management was great! They helped you in any way they could, and they made the work day easier. My co-workers were well-rounded team players. They never hesitated to help when I needed it. The hardest part about my job was making sure I didn't make any mistakes. If I did, a customers transaction might not go through for the day, and that wouldn't look good for my company. The most enjoyable part of my day was being with my co-workers and learning from them.","Trade Service Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 31, 2013","4.0"
"You work for your customers","Very stressful job. Enjoyed working with the public. Learned a lot of skills working there for fourteen years.","Teller","Former Employee","Sharpsville, PA","January 31, 2013","4.0"
"Love it","I love this bank great place to work. I just need a new position being that i am leaving the dayton area.","Collector II","Current Employee","miamisburg, ohio","January 31, 2013","5.0"
"Good for experience and a definite character-building job","Very systematic, strict day to day routine. Opening, during and closing procedures are expected to be followed through perfectly at the discretion of every supervisor, assistant manager and manager. Tellers expected to perform client transactions at the very minimum, with required pushing of sales, (must open a certain amount of accounts per month), as well as take on a major role within the company to prove worthiness of advancement, on top of all other responsibilities assigned by all superiors. Hardest part of the job is meeting monthly sales requirements. Most enjoyable part is the client relationship building and ease of computerized transactions.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Sterling, VA","January 31, 2013","4.0"
"Fast paced workplace","A typical day at work entails non-stop phone calls from borrowers, I've learned about the mortgage industry through customer service because all calls are generated through customer service. Management is present but not very connected to actually working on the phone. My co-workers are great from what I can recall because we have very little time to interact with one another. The hardest part of this job is not being able to have a full lunch hour. The most enjoyable part of the job is some of the people you meet on the phone. Some times you encounter nice people that your really make your day.","Customer Service Representative IV","Current Employee","Jacksonville,FL","January 30, 2013","4.0"
"Stressful Work Place with Life and Work Balance except for manager","The hardest part of the join is the keep balanced the fine line between banking requirements and investment expectation. Managers do not contribution to branch goals and are not held accountable.The most enjoyable part of the job is the day-to-day contact with the clients and learning about their lives, goals and dreams. It give me joy to help them navigate through difficult times and achieve their dreams.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Brunswick, OH 44212","January 30, 2013","3.0"
"Fun workplace, cool people","high-volume, inbound call center. great managers and co-workers. very high volume of calls, meeting call handle time requirements is difficult.","Call Center Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 29, 2013","3.0"
"A good company to work for. Highly recommended.","A good company to work for. I would recommend this to a friend.","Work Leader","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 28, 2013","5.0"
"Compensation/ Benefits","Provide Assist, training, and mentoring on a wide-range of things, while working in a high level call center envorinment","Senior Employee Relations Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 28, 2013","4.0"
"Employee engagement activities are highly recommended","As long as there is healthy communication amongst management and staff (especially to offsite staff members), you can have a successful department.","Loss Analyst IV","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 25, 2013","2.0"
"An all-around diverse setting with positive co-workers.","My time spent at this bank was a learning experience, not only for the customers, but also for myself in understanding my banking and the benefits to each accounts offered. The most enjoyable part of my job was the relationships I was able to establish with consumers that came into our facility on a daily and/or weekly basis. The hardest part of my job was having to handle technical difficulties as they occurred during the day, these were far and few between, but caused a decrease in our efficiency when they did occur.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","January 22, 2013","4.0"
"Boring","worked with mutual funds clearing breaks daily using DST Vision.","Control Accounting Specialist III","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","January 21, 2013","2.0"
"They treated you below average standards. This was the company not the people I worked with."," this bank was the worst company I have worked for in my 40 years of work experience. I wouldn't recomend even banking with them!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ashland, OH","January 21, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and a great way to connect to the local community."," this bank had a moderate work pace but I always found that I had something to do the entire day which was great. I really enjoyed my time working with my fellow employees at this bank.","Junior Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","January 18, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","At this bank I have had the opportunity to learn and grow with an organization that supports it employees. I have learned to work independently as well as with a team. Management has supported my decisions to move forward with my career both inside this bank and outside the company. I enjoy going to work and learning more from my coworkers and meeting interesting people. The hardest part of my job is adjusting to working for a seven day branch.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","January 17, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","I grew my career with them, and tried in-store banking, and financial sales consultant.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 17, 2013","5.0"
"Wronged","HR department is not management friendly. It takes management out of the process. Also, manager must prove self over employee. The employee relations line is a joke.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indiana","January 15, 2013","2.0"
"Great place to work and had ongoing training for various computer jobs","Worked at this bank for 38 years. Spent majority of my career in the branch system working with students at University of Louisville educating them about banking and finance. Met a lot of nice people and made a lot of friends throughout my time at this bank. Retired in March 2012 but ready to go back to work.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Louisville KY","January 15, 2013","5.0"
"I loved my job","Loved everything about it! Customers were amazing, coworkers were easy to get along with.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Ellicott City, MD","January 14, 2013","5.0"
"Fair place to work","Good place to work if you are looking for a job and not a career","Collections Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 14, 2013","3.0"
"Personal Banker","I enjoyed my customers and providing good customer service.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 13, 2013","4.0"
"Moderate risk institution that's headed in the right direction","Working with Sr. level management brings about its challenges because everyone has their own idea of how things should be. That shows the diverse nature of mindsets that's placed this bank amongst the leading institutions in the country . My team is a dynamic group of individuals that care about bring forth quality products which makes working with them an absolute joy.","Continuous Improvement Engineer","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","January 12, 2013","3.0"
"Fast paced environment","Typical day would be getting to work and getting your cash drawer set up and preparing for the rush of customers. The hardest part of the day was dealing with angry customers that were regulars and if you are a new employee they expect the same exceptions that the other employees give these customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 11, 2013","4.0"
"flexible work schedules and work like balance is a priority","Great place to work. Management is very open and reachable. Friendly work enviorement and good facilities. I also like all the benefits of working in a financial institution (bank).Management promotes training in and out of the company as well as they want to keep you within the organization, so there is always the opportunity to be transfer to another department instead of leaving the company depending on your career goals.","AVP - Internal Audit","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 11, 2013","4.0"
"First full-time job out into the world, becoming a young adult!!!!!!!!!","Enjoyed working with coworkers, and finding out that I can performed from the knowledge I learned in school. I love working with coworkers and getting the production done in a timely manner.","Payment Processor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 11, 2013","5.0"
"Great","Great Management and love the support that I get from my co-worker","Peak Time Teller","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","January 10, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and friendly enviroment","Answered inbound call and make outbound calls to customer regarding mortgage accounts","Collector","Former Employee","Jacksonville,FL","January 10, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work. Really great coworkers. A great atmosphere, even during the stressful tax season.","Bank Tax Department Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 8, 2013","5.0"
"Bank that really does care about clients and employees."," this bank has high standards for client satisfaction, and strives 110% each time.","Volunteer","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 7, 2013","4.0"
"Goal oriented work place"," this bank is a good bank to work for. this bank is here for their clients, and truly care about their employees.","Teller","Current Employee","Pinellas Park, FL","January 7, 2013","4.0"
"Helping each client reach their financial goals and dreams.","Opening the branch and preparing for a non-stop day with some days no breaks until we closed the branch. Being the main financial consultant and able to direct them to the best partner to help them reach their financial goals and banking needs. Working with a great team that puts the clients first at all times. Sometimes working on 3 or 4 things at one time can be overwhelming, but, setting priorities and taking care each situation with care. Best part is helping people reach their banking and financial needs.","License Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Ballwin, MO","January 6, 2013","4.0"
"My favorite job","I absolutely loved being a bank teller. I loved dealing with the public and I worked with a great group of people.","Bank Teller/Back-up Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 5, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent","I loved this mortgage company. I worked closely with the Area Manager to build the mortgage business in the Klamath Falls Area until I relocated to California due to the economy.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Klamath Falls, OR","January 4, 2013","5.0"
"not goood","boring atmosphere, not good coworkers, short breaks, overall not a future","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Edison, NJ","January 4, 2013","3.0"
"Productive workplace with opportunities for advancement","I started out in the Data Entry Department and quickly moved over to the mail in, mail out department, this was on an as needed basis. I was also trained in a third position as a check extractor. This job was located in the bank's lockbox facility. Every day was different since I worked in three departments. There was never a dull moment and I greatly enjoyed working there.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","January 4, 2013","5.0"
"I enjoyed working at this bank. They sent me to Ireland for a year to work in one of our International Offices.","A typical day could be anything from putting out fires or creating policies and procedures for the staff. I learned how to create a Team enviornment taking all quality points from each staff member and integrating within the department.","Project Manager for Operations","Former Employee","Pawtucket Rhode Island","January 3, 2013","3.0"
"Most wonderful place to work. Company cared about well being of employees","The most enjoyable part of the job was working with a group of wonderful people who not only enjoyed what they did for the company but encouraged progress for everyone within their reach. A typical day consisted of a team meeting and then trying to prioritize what needed to be accomplished on that particular day.","Support Specialist","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 3, 2013","5.0"
"Csa","Work as a Customer service associateTypical day of work is always typical. Same routine day to day. I have learned valuable knowledge about the banking world from deposits, to loans. I have the most amazing co-workers, they mean everything to me.I love working with the public. Being in customer service is very exciting to me as a person.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Bridgeville, PA","January 3, 2013","4.0"
"Great project work","Exceptional team collaboration on simultaneous projects .","Refresh Team Lead","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","January 3, 2013","5.0"
"Not productive","Processing checks for major accounts and processing paperwork for major companyhardest part is producing enough batches for sertine time frame","PROCESSOR","Former Employee","PITTSBURGH","January 1, 2013","3.0"
"Amazing","Best job i've ever had, great core values and equally great co workers. Team company and everyone really works together.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Conshohocken, PA","January 1, 2013","5.0"
"Great work/life balance and company for a long term career"," this bank is a company that often puts their employees first. In the Wealth Management division, you are able to create your own schedule, work remotely, and as long as your goals are being met and work is being completed, you are well compensated.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","East","January 1, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and enjoyable work environment","Coworkers are always willing to help each other and can keep the peace when the bank gets busy and stressful.Loved my day hours at my job and my start pay rate","Full-Time Teller","Current Employee","Lebanon, IN","December 31, 2012","5.0"
"Administrative and robust work culture","What I have learned from working at this bank is a comprehensive understanding of operation processes that impact production, compensation, internal partnerships accountability and client relationships. I learned how to adapt my leadership style to working in a robust sales culture in a declining economic environment in addition to working with moderate risk focused and revenue driven product solutions.","Business Banker II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","December 31, 2012","2.0"
"Fun Place to work","I loved working at this bank it was great job stability the employees and customers are all friendly. I actually learned how to use the numerical key pad at this job and learned how to do it with speed. My work day consist of counting money in the large volt and my cash drawer. Transfers for customers and upgrading on their accounts, (ex: standard checking to premier checking). The hardest part there was having to explain to a customer that we could not cash their check for either large amount of money or because the check was no good. But overall it was a great place to work at.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Providence, NJ","December 31, 2012","5.0"
"Moving","i love working at this bank but i am moving and need a job closer to home.","Teller","Current Employee","Hogansville","December 29, 2012","5.0"
"Best Transfer Agency in the business","Typical day - managed group of 22/25 responsible for trade balancing, dividend payments, statementing, tax forms, system services, conversions, high net worth clients and assisting management of mutual funds.What I learned - everything about the business from the ground up. Started as a clerk and worked upward to Sr. Level Investor Mgr.Hardest part of the job - in this business it's probably the hours. Lots and lots of hours, but it just comes with the territory.Most enjoyable - satisfied, happy clients. That was my goal. And I had lots of happy, satisfied, trusted clients","Investor Services Manager","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","December 27, 2012","4.0"
"Okay place to work","Work at this bank instore in giant sucks, because the hours are changing from 11-8 mon-fri.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","December 27, 2012","4.0"
"Great company values","I loved working there just needed something that paid better.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","December 27, 2012","5.0"
"Tons of Opportunity"," this bank is a great place to work for someone interested in a long-term banking career. New branches are being built rapidly and customers continue to use this bank to meet their financial needs.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","December 26, 2012","4.0"
"Steady work, never a dull moment","I balance the bank's general ledger accounts for their Debit card and Brokerage card products. I research out of balance discrepancies and inquiries from service partners. I get along well with my co-workers and consider myself to be the ideal team player.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 26, 2012","4.0"
"Getting to meet people and interacting with them.","- Provide excellent customer service always to go up and beyond what would be expected. Profile customer to know what products and services to provide for the.- Everyday we were to review the announcement board to keep up to date on various issues. Training classes were constantly required to learn new or changes to rules and regulations.- Management was concerned for the well being of the employees and pleasant to be around.- My co-workers were the best. We helped each other, and if someone was having a bad day, everyone would try to cheer them up.- The hardest part of the job was phone sales.- Dealing with most customers and getting to know them as a person.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","December 22, 2012","4.0"
" this bank Summary","A typical day at this bank as a Financial Sales Consultant involves providing clients with the best customer service possible. I look for ways to make customers day to day banking easier and more beneficial by reviewing accounts and finding ways to save and make more money. I work with management to improve my skills and to help solve more complicated customer problems. The hardest part of my job is making sales calls everyday. Its not really hard to make the calls but not real enjoyable. The most enjoyable part of my day involves interacting face to face with customers and learning a little bit about their life.","SENIOR FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","December 19, 2012","4.0"
"Business Banking","As a business banker I interact with business owners on a regular basis, to make sure all of their banking needs are taken care of. I work with businesses up to $10MM in gross revenue. I customize specific cash flow solutions for every business I work with to have sufficient cash flow.","Financial Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 18, 2012","5.0"
"Overall, its a fun environment and it allows your personality to shine.","I love assisting customers with their day to day financial needs. Its even more fulfillig when I assist a customer with reaching their financial goals.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","December 18, 2012","3.0"
"Kept busy all day, inbound calls","Always busy, training class was informative and learned a lot.Loved the job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 13, 2012","5.0"
"Good Company","Good working environment with opportunities to advance if you wish to stay in the retail branch banking.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Metro Atlanta","December 12, 2012","4.0"
"customer service and sales","working with customers on a daily basis to make sure all of their financial aspects are taken care of.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","stafford, va","December 11, 2012","4.0"
"Good company","good people...easy work...Easy computer system and good work life balance.","Teller","Former Employee","philadelphia,pa","December 11, 2012","1.0"
"I think this bank was a wonderful company and trustworthy.","I loved being a teller, seeing all of my regulars on a weekly basis. My coworkers and I became like family, seeing each other daily. The hardest part of the job was only at balancing time. I had a lot of good times at the bank, it brought a lot of smiles.","Paying and Receiving Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 11, 2012","5.0"
"Nice place to work until they decide they need to cut people","I had worked for the company for 8 yrs and had no real complaints until they decided to start cleaning house and firing people for anything and everything while shrinking the department.","COLLECTOR","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 10, 2012","3.0"
"Call Center Environment","I had an assigned que of Home Equity loans that I worked start to finish. Calling customers for missing information, advising of appraisals turn around time. Finally, calling branches and customers to set up loan closings.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 7, 2012","4.0"
"very professional atmosphere,and excessible management staff.","great place to work and develope as a employee.management is highly motivated in working with its employees.","Lead Operator","Former Employee","chicago,il.","November 28, 2012","4.0"
"Wonderful Ethics"," this bank is a great place to work. The company has excellent ethics, great training.","Teller","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","November 28, 2012","3.0"
"Terrible experience","My co-workers were great people dealing with the insanity of a bank in Chicago. The managers are all brainwashed 'synergy-ified black belts in Human Sigma' drunk-on-the-Kool-Aid-ers that renders them incapable of understanding basic human needs and emotions--it renders them incapable of even understanding someone is ten minutes late because of the CTA. Overworked, over-stressed. I was never paid enough to actually live in the Chicago city limits. The payment scale for incentives/bonuses, unfortunately, favors the managers instead of the customer service associates that actually put in the work to earn good customer service scores.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","November 27, 2012","2.0"
"Great Place for a Student in College","I worked here as a teller for only half a year, while I was working towards my Undergraduate Degree. However, during that time, I really enjoyed working at this bank. The only reason I left was that I received an internship offer from another company.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 27, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, organized enviroment","Process and balancing of Philadelphia cash accounts via telphone with head tellers, balancing ATMS and processing of adjustments for customers cash deposits, withdrawals, and adjustments. I learned more is involved with the banking processes.","Adjustmernt Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 27, 2012","5.0"
"Strong Company, Cares about employees","Seems that our commission system is re-tooled often and we get paid less for that reason.Management works with you to help achieve the goals you wish to reach in the company.Management over communicates on less important subjects and important subjects are skipped over .","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","New Jersey","November 23, 2012","4.0"
"very unorganized","very good training,poor employee relationships. Very god benefits and incenitives","Teller","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","November 23, 2012","4.0"
"Dysfunctional","Sell everyone an Annuity, sell annuities, sell annuities.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Punxsutawney, PA","November 20, 2012","1.0"
"Good place to learn","Great company...great benefits. I worked on the investment side and the retail investment management team is not very talented. Typical tactics to micro manage sales goals.","AVP Section Sales Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 19, 2012","4.0"
"Professional banking experience given, many great opportunities to learn all banking needs for client"," this bank is great company to work for and has a wonderful work enviroment .","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","November 19, 2012","5.0"
"unorganized, lack of team work between management sites.","I learned to get everything in writing. When their is disfunction and lack of team work understand it truly rolls down. All the way down to the janitoral staff.","Loss Mitigation Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 18, 2012","3.0"
"Company closed","Company closed down branch. But a good company to work for. Flexible hours.","Senior Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","November 18, 2012","3.0"
"Productive and fun work place its almost like a family","A typical day at work is fast pace and fun for the most part, I've learned different techniques in the banking industry, I have yet to proceed to the management level still preparing for that with help from this bank, my co workers are very team oriented and fun to work with, I would say the hardest part of my job is leaving at the end of the night when the work is complete, I enjoy everything about my job.","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 17, 2012","3.0"
"Loved working with the public as well as co- workers. I learned a lot .","My day would start by opening the safe receiving the night drop and setting up my station for the day. The hardest part of my job became the easiest, and that was dealing with the public face to face. The key was and still is , is to listen and have patience.I enjoyed this job because my co- workers and a lot of the customers became a family. During the holidays we exchanged gifts (within reason) and food and we had a good time.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 15, 2012","5.0"
"Good Company","They were a great company to work for. They where always good to their employees. They had a great co-workers.","Skip Tracer","Former Employee","Brecksville,ohio","November 15, 2012","5.0"
"Excellent Company","Collections, receivables, repos, collection reports, development meetings, legal process on accounts considered not collectable.","Senior Account Representative","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 15, 2012","4.0"
"Multi-tasking is very important because your involved in every aspect of banking.","As a in-store sales consultant you are a teller, financial consultant, and a mortgage adviser. Work environment being in-store is very hectic and the turnover is high with employees.","In-Store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Oxon Hill, MD","November 15, 2012","3.0"
"a lot of jobs were lost and the people who were left behind had double the work","Very stressful, I learned a lot about Real Estate Services but my forte was being an Executive assistant. The Senior Exec.retired so they did away with my position so I moved on with my career.","Facilities Manager","Former Employee","Southgate, MI","November 15, 2012","3.0"
"Caring management","-Providing excellent customer service skills to each this bank customer.- Reaching out to prospective clients and building a strong customer base.- Help clients with financial planning decisions for retirement, education, day-to-day expenses and investments.-Work with companies or individuals to plan for their financial futures by offering information and guidance on topics that include taxes, and investments.- Adhering to bank and regulatory policies and procedures is critical to providing high quality service to the card services clients and your business partners.- Assure the accuracy of financial transactions by reviewing account reports and verifying the data.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh,PA","November 14, 2012","4.0"
"Structured and on a time frame for funding activity.","Get the reports printed in timely manner and obtain approval for overdrafts by deadline.","Supervisor of Overdraft Desk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2012","4.0"
"Productive place, advancement oppuntunities","Sitting at a computer and keying in teller- customer transactions.Management is understandable to personal and professional needs.Diversity of co workers","Check Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2012","5.0"
"Banking environment","Typical work day was board meetings, typing memos and doing anything administrative. Management was forever changing.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","November 14, 2012","3.0"
"Poor Employee Relations","I was harrassed everyday by new manager. I received three stellar performance reviews from my previous manager. My new manager had a problem I was gay. All of a sudden I became a poor performer. I wasn't going to get a pay raise and when I asked a colleague for more information about a position in her group, he got wind and slandered me. I told employee relations of all the issues I had with him, but they did absolutely nothing. In fact, they continued to support write-ups for poor performance.I was forced out of this job, having been told he would continue the daily harrassment and punishments unless I quit. I uprooted my life in Florida to move to cold, cloudy Pittburgh for three-plus years. What a waste.","Internal Communications","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 13, 2012","1.0"
"Over 15 yrs, first as bank N Bank, then as this bank i cultivated a loyal customer and co-worker based enviroment.","My day typically began by opening the branch, setting up daily cash buys, loading the Atm and customer night depository transactions. While operating a teller window I also pulled reports checked audit items and supervised the teller line. As supervisor, i never asked my tellers to do a task that I wouldn't do, building a mutual respect. The hardest part of my job was leaving at the end of the day and the most enjoyable was arriving each morning. I truly enjoyed my job.","TELLER SUPERVISER","Former Employee","Olmsted Falls, OH","November 13, 2012","4.0"
"Rewarding, customer service based.","I was rewarded by the relationship I built with my customers. I had been at the same location for many years and I knew my customers on a level in which they had built trust in my opinions. Many would wait until I was available and I learned a great deal about them. I focused a lot on learning a great deal about our products and services in order to do things right for my customer the first time. The hardest part of my job was referrals. Most of our customers were repeat customers, in the branch more than twice per week, they had everything that they needed. I enjoyed my team and we worked well together to accomplish daily task. My manager had a lot of experience and when she had the time to focus, I learned a lot from her. Many things that I learned I took personal responsibility for, and helped my team stay updated on new procedures and policies that I had noticed. It was difficult to be promoted within the company due to large turnover on the teller line and lack of support from manager and supervisor.","Senior Teller","Former Employee","Hartville, OH","November 12, 2012","4.0"
"Unfair Layoff","Poor Employee relations...and poor treatment of Individual employee by Managers","Bank Customer Service","Former Employee","Frederick,MD","November 5, 2012","1.0"
"Average place to work","I enjoyed my time there, but I wanted to focus solely on the investment side of the business and that opportunity was not there at this bank.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Solon, OH","November 5, 2012","3.0"
"Nice place to work were other peoples opinions are accepted"," this bank is an excellent place to work and they provide with you the tools to be successful and advance in the company","Underwriting Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 3, 2012","5.0"
"I had worked for this bank and its predecessors for 39 yrs and was let go for following a policy with Natl City in 2006 that is no longer accepted with this bank","I truly enjoyed my job and I planned to retire from this bank when the time came. I supported two Regional Managers while supporting 30 banking offices in order to obtain goals and maintain proper staff. I prepared and collected numerous reports, completed all human resource functions, followed-up on all training for every employee in the 30 branches and supported staffing issues. I learned much about the banking industry and the changes over the last 39 years. I always enjoyed my co-workers because I felt like I was helping each branch achieve goals and that was the most enjoyable part of my job. The hardest part was always having time to get everything completed in an 8 hour day. I have always been one to want everything completed before going home and some days that was not possible.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Newark, OH","November 1, 2012","1.0"
"Not Good to work for if you want a life outside of work","Upper management does not care about its people or their work life balance ...its all work and no life.. lots of misrepresentation in the interview process your told one thing by recruiter and then once you accept the postion things are not the way they were told to you ..I was a branch manager i choose to leave because of poor treatment from my regional she was clearly not qualified to have the postion she held and has no people skills whatsoever and a complete lack of respect for her direct reports time and skills HR needs to seriously review what is going on there","Branch manager AVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia","October 31, 2012","1.0"
"This place is the absolute worst job ever!","over 120 mortgage files for one processor, you can only close 30-40 tops per month, They never close purchases in time don't pay overtime.","Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove il","October 31, 2012","1.0"
"pproductve place and a place to at","productive training classes to get u ready for the job and knowledgeable people to count on at anytime.","Banker","Former Employee","Lorton, VA","October 30, 2012","5.0"
"I fee that this bank can do some improvment to make the employess enjoy there job","On a typical day it was very busy,by the end of the day i could end up taking 800-1,000 calls. I did learn a lot abt the products they had and what to ed cust and waht products what fit there banking needs. There were time when we had to switch teams but during the time we did work together we worked well together by encourageing one another waht goals was needed to be met to get their bounus for that quarter.the hardest was cust that was able to be helped at that initial call and had to be transfered to a sup, reaching goal for th bonus and employee appreciation day was enjoyable","Retention Support Specialist","Former Employee","usx building pittsburgh","October 30, 2012","4.0"
"Close group of people willing to share knowledge so all can advance and support out clients in an effective manor","I have learned that without working together we can not satisfy a clients request. We teach each other new things that we learn everyday. Work with clients to make sure that they have the best services to fit their comapnies needs. Work with collegues in the field to assist with documentation and satsifying the client. I enjoy working with the clients and building that bond with them thaty I can get it done for them and make their work life easier.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 28, 2012","3.0"
"Stressful place to work","Training did not match actual job experience. Management more concerned about earning their incentives and if you did anything to threaten that you were constantly criticized. One worker was actually hostile. Hardest part of job was no help in getting orientating to the office. The only enjoyable part of this job was interaction with the customers.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","KENTUCKY","October 26, 2012","1.0"
"new everyday","Assess each client's unique financial position, risk tolerance, resources and objectives. Council clients regarding specific retirement, college or estate planning issues.","Senior Investment Consultant","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","October 26, 2012","5.0"
"Banking is Banking","Great place to work. It was a good environment and management was helpful. I left to make more money.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","West Paterson, NJ","October 25, 2012","5.0"
"Great People","My coworkers are great. I really learned how to deliver great custonmer service!","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Mt. Laurel","October 24, 2012","5.0"
"Loved working there","Worked in various positions, respected the management, enjoyed working with my co-workers, the most enjoyable part was getting to work with many different people in many different areas of the bank.","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","October 24, 2012","5.0"
"High integrity company with best in class Banking","Workplace Banking Program offers the best consumer banking products anywhere.","Workplace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Missouri Downstate Illinois Market","October 23, 2012","5.0"
"awesome company to work for"," this bank required all employees to focus on their customerrealtionships. this bank provided me the tools to be successfulin providing exceptional customer service","Teller Services Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 23, 2012","5.0"
"Productive and Rewarding.","Very busy with a very large number of customers, I learned theimportance of an excellent customer service, as a Teller SupervisorI had to be aware of customer's needs. Managing Cash is oneof the most delicate tasks and what that implies. The power needsof customers is the most satisfactory part of that work.","Supervise Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","October 22, 2012","3.0"
"Mult-tasker, data entry, and overlooking work load.","Enjoy going to work everyday which each day is different. Making sure all customer accounts deadlines are met. I filled in whenever we were short handed besides doing my supervisor duties.","Team Lead","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 22, 2012","4.0"
" this bank","A typical day at work starts before 8 and can end late depending upon the time of year. Management is helpful and wants to see the younger folks succeed and advance. The hardest part of the job is the learning curve. The most enjoyable part of the job is the coworkers. There are great people at this bank!"," this bank Real Estate","Current Employee","Kentucky","October 20, 2012","4.0"
"Monatary Incentatives","A typical day at work, filing work, making new loans, data entry, destroying old loans.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 19, 2012","3.0"
"stressful"," this bank as a whole may have been a good place to work but my branch had a lot of moral issues I did not agree with.","line teller","Former Employee","Waterford, PA","October 18, 2012","1.0"
"A very professional atmosphere geared toward great customer service","A typical day at this bank included processing various transactions for customers. Performing account maintenance and resolving customer issues is a huge part of delivering great customer service for myself and my former coworkers. Management worked well with the tellers and supervision and guidance was always available. The hardest part of the job was the low staffing we were allocated which made it difficult to deliver fast customer service for the clients. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with the customers and making banking easy for them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Independence, OH","October 18, 2012","5.0"
"Customer Friendy Environment"," this bank was a good job for me that taught me the skills of cash management. I worked with a lot of great employees that really taught me a lot. I enjoyed working with the business customers I served they were like family. They always told me their joys and sorrows and showed great respect.","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","October 18, 2012","3.0"
"Mostly Fun workplace","Typical day I work from home. I may instant message some of my friends good morning and begin chatting with customers.","Online Chat Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 17, 2012","3.0"
"instore","in store positionfor the out going personmost enjoyable day to day with customers","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","falmouth va","October 15, 2012","5.0"
"Great place to grow not only on a career level but also personal"," this bank is a great bank to work for, I personally learned a lot from my coworkers and my managers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","October 12, 2012","5.0"
"Started as St. Francis Bank and in 5 years I learned 4 new computer systems.","Mid-America Bank bought St. Francis Bank, bank N Bank Purchased Mid-America Bank then this bank acquired bank N Bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Thiensville, WI","October 12, 2012","3.0"
"great company","i loved working for this bank they are a great company with awesome employees. the managers tend to sheild the bad employees from consequences.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","Norwalk, OH","October 11, 2012","5.0"
"Busy, with great customers and co workers","Day consisted of supervising a teller staff of sevenscheduling for employee engagement as well as proper staffingcompliance, audit and teller errorscustomer problem resolutionsales and coachingmaintaining and ordering branch cash","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","Lakewood, OH","October 9, 2012","4.0"
"Multi-layered tax department with specialization of duties within department.","started early and ended when the work was complete and the deadlines were met.","VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2012","3.0"
"Good experience","I loved that job over all.I enjoyed helping customers.Eager to learn new things every day.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","October 8, 2012","5.0"
" this bank does not value the experience and knowledge of long term employees."," this bank has a history of terminating long term employees and replacing them with less experienced, younger talent which does not cost them as much for benefits and salary. The company cares more about its bottom line than employees. Management does not live up to the values that they preach.","Human Resource","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 8, 2012","1.0"
"Loved the people I worked with over the 20yrs I worked there.","Had the best co workers every! The hardest part of my job was trying to stay above water when the economy went bad.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Libertyville,IL 60048","October 5, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, solution based environment, with varying responsibilities and expectations","Productive, solution based environment, with varying responsibilities and expectations","Metrics Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2012","4.0"
"A Company with a Great Vision","I love my job, truly and seriously. If I didn't need more money and feel like I was being overlooked for advancement opportunities, I would stay there forever. There are not many banks that people can say they are PROUD to work for, yet I am PROUD to work for this bank. I believe in the services and products we provide clients, I believe in the service model, and I believe in my co-workers. Unfortunately, being constantly under-staffed and not receiving a raise despite performing well in 2+ years in my position, I am simply ready to find advancement that doesn't seem to be possible at this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","NC","October 3, 2012","4.0"
"Great for the Independent","When things were running smoothly, work was a breeze.Working the mailroom machine was no problem at all.If a problem arose that I could not handle, my supervisor was close by and we had a mechanic in the room behind us. Certain weeks were predictably more trouble some than others. On the easy weeks, we got off early.","Mail Room Machine Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 2, 2012","4.0"
"Nothing Sticks","The company is a revolving door. Employees in the retail segment are treated poorly though the customers are treated very well. Management does not address problems and there is very little recourse for management error unless a sales goal is not attained.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Towson, MD","October 2, 2012","2.0"
"Good Experience","The call center - it honestly was a great place to work - lots of fun with co-workers and a lot of team work. I use the training about owning a problem all the time. I wish more companies cared about their employees half as much.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 1, 2012","5.0"
"Productive and supportive work enviroment.","It is typically an 8:30am to 5:30pm workday. Fridays are until 6 and there are occaisional Saturdays. We are a small office so cooperation and team work are vital. The most difficult part of the job is currently the hours/commute. Traffic is getting worse. My favorite part is when I can help a customer. It could be doing transactions, giving them options, or just listening to thier day.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Alpharetta GA","September 30, 2012","4.0"
"You will be very unhappy!","Very difficult company to work for. Micro-managing is rampant, pay is VERY low compared to competitors. Management lacks respect. I can't stress enough how miserable current employees are in my region.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 30, 2012","1.0"
"Overall 3 rating","-Benefits : are great I can say that but could be better.. I would say that is probably one of the best things about the job.-Culture/ Vaules : it's okay they are all about customer service. That is the nor what most customer interaction jobs.-Job Security/ Advancement : very bad, very bad... You can walk in everyday and just making one mistake can be the descision of your job. I remember walking into work and getting told everyday how you can lose your job. Growth opportunity was very weak.. All I can do is laugh about advancement and the first word that comes to mind is ***Cheap. You hear about the bank making billions, but when it comes to job opportunity there is no agreement. If anything they will try to pay the same pay rate but with more hours and say at least you have benefits. Then smile on in your face.-Management : I believe this category can be different in any company. In my example my teller supervisor was great. However, the branch manager was just .... BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD. Not only did my manager didn't care about us she will talk trash behind our backs. What made my moment bad when I was told that I should be happy to even have a job because people with more education and experience will die for my job. People will die for 15k a year.-Work / Life Balance : working wasn't the problem I did my job very well. If anything I was trusted to do things a supervisor will do. Life balance was not good. Work schedule is base on work requirements and needs. So why when I try to continue my education and I ask for mornings and the other part timer wanted afternoons - more...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","September 29, 2012","3.0"
"I don't care for the company's policies which affect consumers.","Hard to be fair because our company was bought by this bank and within a year over a thousand of us were let go.","Technology Analyst III","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 27, 2012","2.0"
"Depending on the branch, nice place to work","Can be an easy place to get promoted in. You tend to learn a lot on the job as opposed to web training or conventional training. Branch management is very good, but above that it gets iffy. Hardest part is the customers, and on top of that, customer service surveys that you have to deal with every week(and having it tied to your pay). Most enjoyable part of the job is the people(some customers but mostly co-workers)","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","September 26, 2012","5.0"
"Ups and Downs","Good but not great. Lack of direction at management level and lack of growth encouraged.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 25, 2012","4.0"
" this bank is a great and exciting place to work.","The location that I work at is a warm, friendly, family oriented environment.","Teller Banker II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 24, 2012","4.0"
"Was a great place to work before bank N Conversion","Have seen all of the values and culture of this company change in a negative way since the Conversion of bank N. this bank bought bank N because they were failing as a company. Since the conversion I have experience the control struggle between this bank and bank N employees. The former NCC employees are winning in the battle, turning a fabulous company into the same company NCC use to be. Sad day for this bank.No back office support at all anymore. Only accusations of misconduct by Legacy this bank employees not wanting to go against polices and procedures that were put in place before the conversion.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","September 21, 2012","2.0"
"Great","It was queit interesting. The managers had favorites that could do no wrong, but as a whole its a goo company to work for.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 18, 2012","3.0"
" this bank","A typical day at work was doing standard transactions such as cashing checks, withdrawals, deposits, payments and checking balancing. We also would transfer funds. I personally handled a lot of our hardware malfunctions and called in problems or fixed them when I could. Co-workers got along just fine. The hardest part of the job was dealing with customers yelling at us. The most enjoyable is when we got to be friends with some of our customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","September 17, 2012","3.0"
"Proactive employer in the banking arena"," this bank strives hard to maintain and improve controls. It is constantly growing through strategic integration with existing banks and review of current banking locations.","Manager of PMFA and Real Estate Taxes","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2012","4.0"
"Long repetitive work day","The hours were long the management style was micro-management, and the work was repetitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2012","5.0"
"Tactfully performed finacial functions also addressed customers inquiries.","- cashed checks, withdrawls, deposits, maintained proper cash limits- performed clerical responsibilities- co-workers were friendly and helpful- provided outstanding customer service- the hardest enjoyable part is satisfing customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 14, 2012","2.0"
"Nice place to work","Nice experience overall. Came here in march 2011 and enjoyed to be a part of this project.","Senior Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 13, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and good company to work.","The this bank mission is Ease, Achievement, and Confidence. Generally, people are friendly and helpful. We're in an environment that empowers us to grow both personally and professionally.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Dulles, VA","September 11, 2012","5.0"
"it had its days","There are some good things i can say that i really liked about working for this bank but I'd rather keep my experience working for them to myself.","Teller/Teller Supervisor Back-up","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2012","4.0"
"great place","One of the best jobs i have ever had and t was an excellent place to worki","Collections and Loss mitigation representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2012","5.0"
"Easy going place to work.","A typical night is productive and very busy at times. I am crossed trained in various departments within the operations department and can run the Itran area without supervision. Majority of my co-workers are team players. My job is easy, if I have to add a hard part I guess it would be reading some of the hand writing on the checks.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 7, 2012","5.0"
"Strong company with strong values","This bank was great, I loved working with them as much I loved banking with them. They value the employees as much as the customers and are a true pleasure.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","September 7, 2012","5.0"
"Clear line between Management / employee","Plenty of managers, very few leaders. Most development is now outsourced to less than qualified vendors. The ability to build and fix is hindered by processes that do not make sense.On the positive side, the schedules are flexible and benefits seem better than most.","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2012","3.0"
"It was a good place to learn basic customer service skills.","It as a great place to get your foot in the door for basic customer service skills.","Business Banking Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 6, 2012","4.0"
"Low stress level and well balanced place to work. Senior managers demonstrated concern for employees whose positions were being eliminated.","Most of my responsibilities for overall management of outside law firms, work-outs and direct contact with loan officers and senior managers of diverse business units were immediately restricted when this bank acquired RBC Bank. I was assigned to assist in the transition of one business unit and its ultimate liquidation, and quickly relegated to handling a small task that I had previously delegated to other paralegals and support staff.My direct manager was thoughtful and genuinely concerned with assuring an orderly transition of my responsibilities to other lawyers in his team and the orderly wind-down of my personal involvement. My co-workers in the law department were great resources and helped me integrate into their culture.The most difficult part of the job was participating in the liquidation of a business unit where I had worked for 14 years, and the elimination of the jobs for more than 100 of my former co-workers. Also, it was difficult to tell co-workers to refer their questions to others who had assumed my roles when I otherwise would have been capable of immediately answering their questions. Maintaining a positive attitude while under a 6-month transition period was more that difficult, and without the support of the this bank transition team responsible for the orderly liquidation of the business unit, would have been impossible. this bank is very structured and fractured in its management and business operations, which leads to significant levels of dysfunction, confusion, and lack of accountability. There is a high level of employees feeling responsible for significant matters, - more...","Senior Counsel","Former Employee","Houston, TX","September 5, 2012","5.0"
"Great work enviorment","A typical day at this bank consist of finding financial solutions for our clients. I've learned what cues and clues to look for when engaging in conversations with clients so I can direct them to the right associate. I have great relationships with my coworkers and management. Not being able to accommodate all a clients needs is one of the hardest parts of the job. The most enjoyable part of working for this bank is getting to know our customers","Bank Teller","Current Employee","JERSEY CITY, NJ","September 5, 2012","3.0"
"Good starting out job","Overall the job is good. The pay is excellent for part-time. This job relies heavily on everyone doing their part because team work is the heart of the bank. The job is the same every day. You do the exact thing over and over, with very little variety. There are chances to be promoted and it's encouraged to seek out those opportunities. The downside is the heavy reliance on teamwork. In order to do your job the very best everyone else must do their jobs their very best. If someone isn't there or isn't performing as a team member you all suffer. Even with the monthly performance reviews it's difficult to understand what the expectations are and how you are measuring up. Sometimes it seems like the rules change from day to day. While working here I have learned a lot about personal responsibility and ownership of my job. I have also learned to just let things 'roll off.' This job is simple enough, but has a lot of procedure and rules. You have to be patient with yourself as you learn all the rules, regulations and procedures. The most enjoyable part of this job is getting off around 6 most days and not working Sundays. Overall this is a good job.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 5, 2012","3.0"
"Excellent learning opportunity","I was responsible for creating spreadsheets containing different types of data as well as helping to organize networking events for a training program. I worked with one other intern on some projects and we worked well together. I had a decent manager who for the most part always had a set schedule for me to follow. At this internship I learned how to work in an office setting, mostly dealing with learning to work under a manager, meeting deadlines for projects, etc.","Human Resources Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2012","5.0"
"Not a bad company","If you work for instore, you are a sales person. You are required to get customers in the aisle and try to get them to switch to this bank, you are required to spend two to four hours a day in the aisle. All your interactions can be surveyed by Gallup and you must receive a 4.8 and up. Go into the position knowing that you are a sales person not a teller, etc.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","September 1, 2012","3.0"
"Great company","Banking in wealth management department. Enjoyed the diversity of job task/multi task. Kept me busy","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 31, 2012","5.0"
"Bank Going Downhill","Management reserves the right to encourage by threat. Very distrustful place to work. Constantly have to watch your back. Started its decline in 2008 when two banks came together. Market Management does not understand this bank Culture and creates friction. Operational manager looks to find problems. Local Sales Manager feels threat are the only way to go. Branch personal were great to work with, unfortunately this bank Values like Integrity, Teamwork, Work Life Balance were non existent.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Erie PA","August 30, 2012","1.0"
"Productive and advancement","Ongoing learning experience about the banking business and able to advance in the business. Able to work different shifts","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2012","5.0"
"A Honest Review","If you are able to maintain hours of repetitive movement and work, employment at a this bank Lockbox is a move in the right direction for you. There are different parts of the working body that makes a lockbox function successfully and they all require a steady and concentrated mindset. This job is volume driven meaning that, the more you do, the better it is. However, you are penalized by your errors in terms of monetary value. This position is very detail orientated, which means every detail counts and every mistake hurts.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","August 29, 2012","4.0"
"Unpredictable and Unsteady","This was a contract position that was intended to be 40 hrs/wk. Over the course of the 18 months it actually lasted it averaged to around 26 hours/week. Compu-Com (the prime contractor, Insight Global was secondary) was unable to create a steady supply of new equipment to the technicians keep them steadily busy. Some weeks had no work at all others were full. No benefits, paid time off, or anything else. Enjoyed the end users I worked with and the this bank support staff was mostly very helpful. Flexibility is the key here.","PC Refresh Technician","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","August 28, 2012","3.0"
"Okay place to work","Easy to learn but management makes it difficult to advance.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 28, 2012","3.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for with an emphasis on customer relations.","I believe this bank is a good company who emphasizes on pleasing their customers.","TELLER","Current Employee","Cambridge, OH","August 27, 2012","3.0"
"Easy fun job","Hours are amazing and are more flexiable than standard retail hours.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Berwyn, IL","August 27, 2012","4.0"
"excellent company to work for","great company to be employed with has a lot of room for growthhas exceptional customer services","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Laurel, MD","August 26, 2012","5.0"
"This wasn't just a job, it was an extended family to me...not only towards my co workers but it extended to my clients as well.","Working at my branch had nothing to do about a paycheck. If you ask my former supervisor she will tell you just how much I loved my job.","Teller","Former Employee","Wellington, FL","August 26, 2012","5.0"
" this bank taught me everything I know","Recent graduate from High School at the time. I negotiated with this bank HR Director and I stated if she gave me the opportunity for a full-time position. I will volunteer my time to go on career day to high schools of her choice. That moment she was only offering part time employment. She gave me the opportunity and I fulfilled my promise. I learned from my supervisor an acted on her behalf when she would go on vacation. I liked the fact that the department loved my ideas to organize our different tasks. Very productive and I loved every bit. The hardest part was resigning the schedule clashed with my school, there was no way to adjust my work schedule.","Assist management","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 25, 2012","5.0"
"Fun place to work and challeges","Typical workday would include various task assigned to my postition and other positions.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, Great Learning Experience","Assisted customers with day to day transactionsI learned how to interact face to face with customers in a very professional manner to ensure a proper resolution to any issue they might have hadI enjoyed working with all my co-workersThe hardest part of the job was working with a skeleton crew and trying to get everything done while doing everyday activitiesThe most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with customers and building relationships with them on a personal level and helping customers resolve their problems","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Holland, OH","August 24, 2012","3.0"
"Worst job experience","Worst experience at a job ever, very rude and most helpful employees... No team work... Absolute nightmare","Customer Service Reprensative","Former Employee","Carlstadt, NJ","August 24, 2012","1.0"
" this bank mtg","Good upper management but lack of career development opprotunities and very difficult to progress.","Admin","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2012","3.0"
"It was Fun working their, No pressure, well motivated by the management.","• Involved in design and development of PFR reporting process.• Created PFREWORK universe to cater reporting objects.• Created highly formatted reports to visually represent data.• Created Reports using all the BO functions like Drill Down, Prompts, Dimensional and Measure variables to show accurate Results.• Implemented Cordiality settings, Joins, Conditions and Global Filters in Universe.• Worked in Aliases and Contexts to resolve looping problems and used Derived tables methods.• Used Breaks and Sections in Webi reports; and used different graphical charts and bars.• Scheduled Webi reports on daily basis and exported them in Excel/PDF format.• Implemented SQL/PLSQL programs/Stored procedures/Views to test ad hoc reports.• Created Dashboard Templates with Visualization for different group's usage for their Best Practices.","Business Objects Developer","Former Employee","NY","August 22, 2012","4.0"
"Bank Teller - Large responsibilities managing money","It was very interesting to learn how banks work and make sure all money is accounted for and in the right place.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2012","4.0"
"Fast paced team work.","I have worked for this bank less than a year. The position is only part time. I am not able to take advantage of all the benefits this bank has to offer due to me being only part time.I have learned a lot in the short time and I enjoy the people I work with. The work we do at the ATM Processing Center is very important and I am proud to be part of it. I have several duties during the week and I enjoy all of them. I just wish I had more hours. I support myself and it is very difficult in todays economy to make ends meet on a part time job.","Bank Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 22, 2012","5.0"
"Productive encouraging environment.","A typical day at work consists of assisting customers with their day to day financial goals and needs. Ordering supplies for the branch, building relationships with business clients as well as creating a business partnership with them. Working directly with our commercial banking officers to create more opportunity for the customers as well as our branch. Setting up onsite meetings and events. Working with loss prevention and the back office to minimize banking errors as well as fraud prevention. Creating flyers for upcoming branch events. Training new hires (not only for my location).The best part of my job is that I can build relationships with business as well as their employees to create a partnership. I was able to learn and grow on my own because of all the information that is readily available to all of the employees.We work as a team. My main objective is to assist my coworkers with policy and procedures, branch operations, prospecting new clients, making monthly goal contests to boost productivity, working with excel, lotus notes and microsoft word to help keep all the employees engaged at all times. Organizing and maintaining daily branch appearance. Daily closing/opening procedures. Cash balancing. The ability to be able to assist and be capable of helping out all aspects of the day to day bank operations.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 21, 2012","4.0"
"Competitive and results oriented","Advise current book clients regularly on important financial decisions that affect the overall success of there business. Manage overall risk for the bank when providing solutions to clients. Provide lending, deposit, and treasury management solutions. Experience developer and leader of people.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Akron/Canton OH","August 21, 2012","5.0"
"Fast pace work environment where superb employees are valued for their contributions","The branch I managed was moderately busy. The typical day began with me checking my e-mail and reviewing my 'must do' list. On days that I opened the branch, I arrived at 8:30 AM, and opened the doors for business at 8:55AM (our market manager urged that we try to open the branch 5 minutes early). As a Financial Sales Consultant III, I was responsible for achieving and surpassing company issued sales goals through direct sales, cold-calling, and establishing off-site opportunities. In addition to the sales aspect of my position, I also had an active role in managing the branch. The management aspect of my job included: training and developing our tellers and CSA, assisting the branch manager in establishing our annual budget, handling escalated issues, and loss avoidance.My branch was located in the Anacostia neighborhood located in South East Washington, DC. There was a good mix of government employees and locals. One thing I learned is that residents of lower to moderate income level neighborhoods do not expect much from the professionals that work in their neighborhoods. In the beginning of my career at King Avenue, many people were skeptical of my intentions, particularly the amount of time I planned to remain at that branch. Many of the previous managers tenure lasted less than six months. Many of my clients also expressed how they experienced a higher level of customer service at branches in north west compared to south east. I was never the type to show preferential treatment to a group based on their income level. I assured clients that they will experience the same - more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 21, 2012","4.0"
"productive place to work","post payments to customer accounts. The jjob was not hard, there was no room for growth .","Extractor","Former Employee","College Park, GA","August 21, 2012","3.0"
"Great place to begin your banking career and gain experience.","Market banking products and services to small-medium size business. Managed and service existing clients but spend most of my day cold calling. New household and retention is key at this company. Senior Management has recently changed and the culture is changing at this company.","Commerical Business Sales Representative II","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 17, 2012","5.0"
"Great place to work","*7 hour days*learned about the banking world*great management*coworkers are good people*Hardest part is nasty customers*enjoyable part is it's an easy job that pays the bills","Customer Service","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","August 16, 2012","5.0"
"Productive fun coworkers","I open accounts, complete loans and credit card applications, sales, make call, assist with customers problems, problem solve, work on the teller line, cash and deposit checks, make payments, and several other duties.I learn something new everyday, and enjoy my coworker. The hardest part of my job is the sales part, and the most enjoyable is making my customers happy!","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Pataskala, OH","August 15, 2012","4.0"
"A fun and active place to work.","Great management. Chances to move up. Flexible schedule. Hardest part of the job was to meet account goals, but it is manageable.","Operational Manager","Current Employee","Manassas Park, VA","August 15, 2012","5.0"
"Boring","• Coordinate with branch staff by providing support in opening accounts, processing loan applications, and cross selling products• Market new services and promotions to present to customers as well as obtain new customers• Provide award winning customer service and maintain member satisfaction• Employ security measures and system controls to ensure funds are not compromised• Maintain operational transactions and customer information in the electronic database","Customer Sales Associate Banker","Former Employee","North Aurora, IL","August 14, 2012","3.0"
"Fast paced , challenging , deadline oriented","Hardest part of the job is the repetitive stuff-It is not really hard but frustrating having to constantly re-educate service partners on bank procedures and policies","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2012","5.0"
"Disappointed","I had heard so many great things about this bank that when I was hired on I was excited to go work for them. It has been a nightmare from day one. The training was a disaster. this bank has recently acquired another bank and the trainer was a part of the former and barely knew the systems that were being oresented in class! I get to the branch after a week and a half of 'I'm not sure how this bank does this your branch can probably tell you' and it got even worse. The other tellers have been rude and constantly complain that the bank is difficult and not as wonderful as the previous...the customers are all confused about the products and what happened to the previous bank. A typical day here? In a single word: frustrating.","Teller","Former Employee","Somewhere, NC","August 13, 2012","1.0"
"Productive and fun environment","I loved this job. The pay was great. There was always room for growth. my co-workers were very social and friendly.","Data Entry","Former Employee","College Park, GA","August 12, 2012","4.0"
"I am a very efficient and productive worker.","A typical day at this bank? Honestly there isn't one. Each loan package we process is different. There is always something that may need research a bit further before the loan can be set up.At Kohl's every day is different as well. Working retail is so different than my position at the bank.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2012","5.0"
"20 Years of Experience in the Banking Industry","I have worked for this bank "Formerly bank N Bank) for the last 20 years primary in the Loss Prevention Operation areas. Recently our department got notice that are jobs will be relocated as result of this bank recent restructuring and elimination of 23 positions, including mine, I am exploring new opportunities.","Operations Senior Fraud Analyst","Current Employee","Indianapolis Indiana","August 11, 2012","5.0"
"Review","I've been able to work with some really interesting people. working with this bank has greatly influenced me in a lot of ways professionally and personally. I have built a friendly environment with my co-workers and have enjoyed my stay with the bank. They said that the most important things in your job is loving what you do and having fun while doing it. I have loved and have enjoyed my job and in fact I continually improve myself for me to effectively perform my work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dulles, VA","August 10, 2012","5.0"
" this bank","great employer as far as work life balance but the pay is not that good.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","United States","August 9, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyable","Enjoyed everyone that I worked with. Safe work environment.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","United States","August 8, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyed learning a new skill.","Fast-paced and busy. I learned how to use a ten-key encorder machine for the first time. It was exciting. Management was fair and patient with new employee. Co-workers showed a willingness to help when it was allowed. The hardest part was sitting around at times waiting for the next batch of work to arrive. The most enjoyable part was when all the work was finished before it was expected to be completed.","Check Encorder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 7, 2012","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I love working for this bank. Great people and great work place all the way around.","Loan Disbursement Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","August 7, 2012","5.0"
" this bank is a wonderful company. The general culture supports growth and education.","A typical day at this bank involves being prepared for anything. For example, as a manager, I am directly involved in solving and resolving customer and employee issues, prospecting new business opportunities, risk management, employee engagement, and many other challenges.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Erie, Pa","August 6, 2012","5.0"
" this bank values its employees","Best company that I have ever worked for. This company recognizes talent and helps you to excel in your area of expertise. The company has the best training program and once your done with training you leave knowing exactly how to perform your job with confidence. Its big in the community.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","August 6, 2012","5.0"
"Review","Handling 15 - 20 calls from clients a day. Provided Phone, Remote and Deskside support.I gained knowledge with Credant encryption and Cisco VPN software.Also gained additional knowledge with Office 2003 and 2007 and Windows XP, Lotus Notes and remote software.Management was very receptive to ideas and questions.Excellent co-workers. Very relaxed environment. Provided valuable knowledge.Trying to assist clients over the phone could be frustrating.Being able to solve client hardware and software problems.","Desktop Support","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 6, 2012","5.0"
"Great Company to work for","Typical day is working to value alternative investments for trusts. Learned valuable investment objectives that are used by investment officers to manage trust goals.Work with a very experienced team with challenges everyday in accounting, finance, and personal investments. Enjoy the ability to help the process improve.","Special Assets Investment Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 5, 2012","4.0"
"Review"," this bank bought RBC, my position was displaced, they would be a good company to work for.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","August 4, 2012","4.0"
"The company itself has great standards","I was hired as a LFSC which is just a fancy way of saying a licensed personal banker. My time was supposed to be 60% retail banking and 20% investments. My branches assigned Financial Advisor viewed me as his personal secretary/assistant even though he was supposed to be mentoring and grooming me to become a financial advisor. After sitting in four of his appointments I soon realized he had no idea what he was talking about and often made up his background and history in the financial world to set clients at ease. My manager and my Financial Advisor would get into arguments about who was 'truly in charge of me' and it quickly felt like I was a number and not a valued employee. Of course it would of helped if there was a clear definitive job description out there for my position from the bank, there wasn't. The job description was very vague and was left open to interpretation by management. Management was very much the byproduct of a previous acquisition of a prior bank. Some management from TWO acquisitions ago. Bottom line those banks got bought out for a reason and a lot of the prior management lack the customer service and sales balance that the company so rightfully has earned in prior awards and review. The company itself is OUTSTANDING but it's employee base needs to be reviewed and weeded out. All the way through to HR. One representative in particular. The whole branch pretty much turned a teller in for incentive fraud as she was fraudulently getting credit. For referrals. The manager had no backbone (his own self admittance that he would much rather motivate than to - more...","Licensed Finacial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Saint Charles, IL","August 4, 2012","3.0"
"working with this bank is very good.","it's a lot of fun working with clients and respond to their needs, the day at work is not bad at all.","Collateral Loan Analyst","Current Employee","East brunswick NJ","August 2, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work","I had several positions during my time at this bank. I enjoyed working with customers.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2012","3.0"
"This is an ever changing and fast growing company across the country.","While I enjoy working at this bank, the room for growth and advancement within my specific work location is very limited. I enjoy the challenges that my position awards me wich makes it easy to complete my work day effortlessly. As a team, the whole department works together to meet daily deadlines with a friendliness and helpfulness that creates an atmosphere of pride in what we all do. The hardest part of my position is the occasional lack of work to be completed. While I would love to continue my position with this bank, unfortunately, our entire processing site will be phased out in the near future due to new technologies introduced to the bank. As I continue to view other positions with the company, I am also exploring other possible opportunities outside of this bank.","Adjustment Specialist","Current Employee","Linthicum, MD","August 1, 2012","3.0"
"Fun work Enviornment","Large Regional Bank with great exposure and customer experience","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 30, 2012","4.0"
"Take it from me: not as advertised"," this bank may be named 'One of the 100 Best Places to Work' by major ratings and magazines, but ask most fellow employees, at least in Florida, and you will get an argument. This bank runs their Investments business model as a singular, centralized monolith. Florida's demographics and overall investment market creates a much, much different proposition than Pittsburgh, Cleveland, or many of the other major cities up north where this bank is arguably one of the dominant forces. Their managed money model may work well for them with the emerging affluent markets in those cities, but it ignores a huge opportunity with the senior citizens that dominate down in Florida who could care less about anyone charging them a fee to babysit their accumulated assets. Simply put; their model doesn't fit FL - a fact that falls on deaf ears with Senior Management at HQ back in PA, and that's why this bank cannot keep good people but instead keeps turning over their Advisors and their Management Team in the Sunshine State.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","July 29, 2012","2.0"
"Great learning experience","One of the best training programs in the country-- includes 6 weeks of credit training and other 1-week trainings throughout the first two years.","Corporate Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 29, 2012","4.0"
"Mainly production oriented workplace","The analyst and operators are overall great to work with. The managers need to learn not to micro manage and speak to employees. this bank would be a great place to work for if people learn to work together instead of against each other","Compliance Supervisor I","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 26, 2012","3.0"
"It was an ok company to work for.","There was a lot of stress working for this employer because we were under-staffed.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, Pa.","July 26, 2012","3.0"
"Very diverse duties.","A typical day at this job was contact with customers concerning their accts, lost checks, no signatures, no deposit slips, no address or acct number on ATM deposits. I was also responsible for a number of administrative duties, phones, data entry ect.","Customer Service","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","July 26, 2012","4.0"
"Lots of work no recognition","Learned a lot and I was lucky to have a good manager. Mortgage is still growing mud level management is poor. Pay is mediocre","Quality Analyst III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2012","3.0"
"Complete professional environment","Every day is very interesting and challenging, liked it, Learned more skills, specially migrating from 10g to 11g, i had a nice relationship with management, nothing was really hard, few are time taking like bug fixing, but i always stay update, i enjoy working in a team.","Miamisburg Head-Quarters, OH","Current Employee","Miamisburg Head-Quarters, OH","July 25, 2012","5.0"
"Satisfactory work enviroment, training needs to be more consistent.","Meets expectations with concentrated efforts on productivity","Commercial Loan Document Review Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2012","3.0"
"productive organized teamwork environment","answer customer calls, gather documents together for a loan closing, talk to the BDO to see if he has been in contact with other borrowers regarding other deals. Contact borrowers to requests documents, ask fellow co-workers a question possibly. Conference calls, clearing exceptions if needed. Updating pending report. The hardest part of the day could be trying to set a closing date. The most enjoyable part of the day is getting along with all of your co--workers makes the job a real pleasure.","Closing Officer","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","July 24, 2012","5.0"
"Strong company, good benefits, wide range of positions and career options"," this bank is a great place to learn and grow. They do a great job helping you succeed, and giving you most of the tools need to drive business for you branch.Great experience with coworkers.With training and experience everything becomes easy and manageable.Getting to know new people and having new friends is enjoyable.","Financial analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 24, 2012","5.0"
"Retail Banking is Dead","Avoid retail banking, not just this bank. The industry is dead. Branches are visited by the types of customers you don't need! Run from retail banking!!!!!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Burlington County NJ","July 23, 2012","1.0"
"n/a","The hardest part of the job is to stay kind and sweet while being berated and cussed out by borrower's.","Collector","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 23, 2012","3.0"
"It's Okay","It's an okay entry-level position. You do have to deal with management running the branch as if it were their own and not the company's. Besides that you do have to posses the ability to provide excellent customer service.","Bank Teller Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 23, 2012","3.0"
"Career Advancement","Very busy call center, good training in terms of account selling.","FINANCIAL SERVICE SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2012","4.0"
"Fun workplace, and fast paced","I am on the phone constantly with customers assisting them with their financial needs. Managers are very supportive and understanding and there to answer and help with questions anytime. I have learned a lot about finances and banking. Co workers are great and very welcoming. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping customers with their needs and helping them understand banking.","CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","kalamazoo, mi","July 22, 2012","4.0"
"Great company to work for","Great company to work for, management and culture are excellent. Banking staff needs to be more involved in business and education.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","July 22, 2012","5.0"
"Productive Workplace","Very Fast Paced Call Center.Good ManagersVery Friendly Co Workers","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","State College, PA","July 19, 2012","5.0"
"Unfair,unprofessional","The department was divided because at the time system conversions were being made. Those of us that were hired under the old system were required to do all of the unconverted clients work no matter what then help others with the converted system. But If the new system users completed work they were sent home, and never assist in completing the old work.I Learned if you were the bosses favorite you worked less. The managers were helpful except my direct manager was a bit immature, and would literally run and hide behind our desks to escape his BOSS (The site Manager) on the production floor.The Job was simple and not hard at all","Receivables Prep Clerk","Former Employee","College Park, GA","July 19, 2012","4.0"
"Highly professional, but also VERY welcoming. :-)","I think this is the only Job I had, that was SO FUN to go to. Maybe b/c 3./4 of my co-workers were all college students, but I didn't know anyone coming in, and left w/ a handful, + of friends and associates.I learned 'behind the scenes' (basically when you call your bank for questions about account info, CD's, IRA's, etc...I was that person). So challenging, but worth it. You felt a sense of worth.Management is awesome. Got to meet the Regional President and Director a few times. Mgnt sure knows how to pick the right candidates for the job. Friendly, challenging, and team players.Love it....so serious.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","State College, Pa","July 18, 2012","5.0"
"Good Place to Work"," this bank was a had a great work/life balance plan. They cared about their employees and making sure they had time for their families.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Former Employee","Bedford Heights, OH","July 18, 2012","4.0"
"A nice job for a person who wants to jump start their career","The job was hard at first, but then after a week of training and being supervised, I learned how to work a 10-key numeric machine. If work was not done, co-workers would help others if no others checks were left.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 17, 2012","4.0"
"productive fun work place with a great attitude","The hardest part of my day is stopping. I multi-task very well, while staying organized with the tasks that are handed to me. The most enjoyable part of my day is working with co-workers.","Retail","Current Employee","monongahela pennsylvania","July 16, 2012","4.0"
"Fun Place","Loved working for this bank great values, not enough people to cover","WorkPlace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Palm beach","July 14, 2012","4.0"
"Very unhappy","I did not like going to work. I worked part time as a teller and I felt as if they did not like me. This particular branch, the women were very snobby!!! The manager hardly ever cracked a smile and a lot of two face going on daily. Very unpleasent place to be, even part time. :(","Part time teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","July 11, 2012","2.0"
"Great, fast and friendly place to work","This is a great and fun place to work. Fast pace and good friends.","Teller","Current Employee","Sandusky, OH","July 11, 2012","5.0"
"A Bank","IT'S AN EXCITING TIME TO BE PART OF this bank,which has been named one of the 25 Great Workplace Award winners by Gallup (2011) and one of the 'Most Admired Companies' by FORTUNE® Magazine (2011). Join our workplace, where success means contributing to growth, enjoying teamwork and being recognized for great work. Choose from a variety of career options, in areas such as asset management, commercial and consumer banking, mortgage lending, technology or other corporate functions.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 11, 2012","5.0"
"Great Company to work for.","I love working with the people in my branch as well as my regional manager! this bank is a very advanced and competitive bank and makes it easy for customers to bank with them because there is so many ways to do your banking.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbia, SC","July 11, 2012","5.0"
"productive and customer friendly enviornment","Branch is a very busy branch where we are customer friendly always. We always make our customers feel special. We are required to cross sell products on a daily basis .Management is always available to coach and help in any issues.We work as a team with all the co workers.Best part of my day is being able to help a customer with any concerns. Hardest part of my job having to be on my feet all day.","Teller Banking Service Representative","Current Employee","Berwyn, IL","July 10, 2012","4.0"
" this bank Wealth Management","A great institution that grew too large too quickly to provide the level of service expected by a top tier Private Bank and Wealth Management firm.","Senior Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2012","3.0"
"In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","A typical day takes its cue from the high energy and fast pace of a supermarket environment. You initiate conversations with shoppers in the aisles, and use these opportunities to build awareness and then sell a variety of this bank products or services. Over time, you also have the opportunity to develop strong relationships through customer profiling and needs-based selling.","In-store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","July 10, 2012","5.0"
"Good comanny","Teller Supervisor: Manage and perform teller transactions in the areas of checking and savings deposits and withdrawals. Schedule, mentor, and train tellers. Execute cash audits for tellers and vault. Order and distribute cash from Federal Reserve Bank. Balance Teller accounts. Conduct credit and fraud analyses; investigate and resolve account/transaction discrepancies, errors, and omissions. Ensure compliance with Federal, Bank, and security policies.• Identified opportunities for cross-selling of value-added bank products and services, and qualified referrals to team members across multiple lines of business.• Consistently attained minimum 4-star Customer Service Excellence ratings every quarter.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Emerson, NJ","July 8, 2012","3.0"
"Great Company","Lots of growth opportunity, good benefits and strong leadership","MB Banking Sales","Former Employee","Plymouth, MN","July 6, 2012","5.0"
"There was alwasys a Challenge","Working at the bank was a constant challenge. Issues would always arise which meant we had to be on top of our games as problem solvers and leaders. This environment really set aside the men from the boys.","System Analyst III - Officer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 5, 2012","4.0"
"respectful atmosphere, and a team environment","I loved going to work, I would start my day by checking on my 8 employees and making sure they have everything they need to start their day. If not, i reconciled these issues. I would start my own responsibilities, and do my individual tasks, but was routinely helping out my team with issues, and even my management when they were overwhelmed! The most enjoyable part of my job, was I was BUSY!!! I love to be busy and I love that I was able to do many jobs, so when someone was out, I could fill in, and my department did not fall behind, The worst part of my job, was when we closed the doors and saying goodbye to people who I became friends with and many whom I respected!","Assistant Customer Service Supervisor","Former Employee","Boston, MA","July 3, 2012","5.0"
"A potentially great company that has grown too quickly to keep up with the big banks and still relies on its antiquated infrastructure and management.","I was originally very excited at the opportunity at this bank. It took quite a while to be onboarded into the company and even longer (6 month) to be assigned my book of business. My team helped me along more than my manager and they are truly the only redeeming quality at this bank. I began really working my book in January and we were told an incentive/structure change would be taking place shortly. It didn't happen until March and completely flipped the way we were incentivized upside down. The most frustrating thing is over a half a year later they still don't have the reporting necessary for us to do our job based on all of the changes they made for 2012. I could go on and on about our systems and all of their issues but I do love helping my clients and making a difference. I have been recognized as a top performer so even though I still don't know where I stand I have been told that I am doing the right thing and doing it well. As far as the company they do things to make you feel proud at times. Their 'Grow Up Great' commitment is wonderful and they really do put thought and innovation into their retail product line. But then the branch systems are prehistoric and nothing is in real time. The branch positions are too closely layered to make sense to the employees let alone the customers. The line of business partnerships are all very one sided or completely non-existent. I really do want to make this bank work for me but I don't think it will ever happen.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","MI","July 2, 2012","3.0"
"Decent THEORY, no practice.."," this bank as a whole is still going through many changes as a company. While they are a heavy-hitter in the Financial sector, they do not top the list for places to work.A typical day at work for a teller: Arrive; process transactions throughout the day accurately; meet quotas for a wide variety of products; balance cash on hand accurately.I learned more than enough Federal Regulations, and working with numbers on a daily basis, you can't help but get better at accounting.My co-workers were all pleasant, the co workers that had had ten or more years of experience were welcoming with loads of advice and stories, the co workers that had been a recent addition were only around for about 4-6 months and either quit or were let go. I had been told by customers, different sections of management and former co workers, that there was a VERY high amount of turn over. And there is.Management in this company varies. Upper level management is cordial, but they are running a business of numbers. Branch-level management is tricky-hidden agendas are prevalent, petty egos, not all of the managers in charge are qualified, some of them should have retired when the love went out of the job. Applicant beware if you like your 40 hours drama free.I won't go into details about my personal experience, but my manager looked the other way for customers on many occasions, including when they were ABUSIVE to the staff and was VERY bias about refunding fees. In my branch, my co-workers and I had a difficult time figuring out what was expected of us as employees because it constantly changed.You COULD end - more...","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","July 2, 2012","3.0"
"Good corporate values, but difficulty advancing","Fair benefits/compensation but mixed direction for advancement.Contradictory statements from management about career path.Does not see value in higher education.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 1, 2012","4.0"
"nice coworkers","I loved working for this company, benefits were good, co workers were nice, and a quiet place to work in. I would work for this company again. The only think I wasn't used when I started with this company was that since it was a call center. how much security there was. and everything you did was tracked with your computer and ID cards. It di make you feel like the company didn't trust anyone. But I would still work for them again. I loved my job and the people that I worked with.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2012","4.0"
"Great company to work for. offers good 401K plan, health plan, great help.","This company is one of the top companies to work for in my opinion. They offer a good benefit package even if you are part time. I loved working for the company, I just didn't like the position I was doing.","Sales","Former Employee","clifton, Nj","July 1, 2012","5.0"
"Job details","I was in charge of setting up the phone systems in the morning for receiving incoming calls for wire transfer. Incoming money transfer are called to business and customer when received. I learn to be patience and compassionate with my customer and co workers.The hardest part of my job was making sure the overall work process at the end of the day for outgoing and incoming wires.I enjoyed a challenge and love solving problems","Wire Transfer Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 1, 2012","5.0"
"Productive and fun with great advantages and benefits.","Working for this bank was a great experience to learn the ends and outs about the financial world. The most enjoyable part was meeting and networking with others.","Promotion","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 27, 2012","5.0"
"Productive Mortgage industry","My typical day at work includes submitting bids to the investor for properties that are in default. I learned that work that is outside the investor guidelines has to be submitted for approval in order to insure that we protect this bank's interest in the property. The bank ensures that we met our goals and reach deadlines.","PROPERTY PRESERVATION SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 27, 2012","4.0"
"Terrible company to work for","Try to avoid this company for employment. They are a great bank to have as your bank, but a terrible employer. I worked in a call center, and while I understand there are constant changed in call centers and banking, this bank just overdid it. There was constant change and they expected you to adapt immediately to the changes. Every few months we'd be purchasing another bank yet this bank could not afford to give our call center eating utensils and plates and napkins to eat our food. I worked at home from just under a year and was brought back because of 'performance issues'. I was told I would be able to go back if I improved, however I was never given the coaching time needed to improve my skill set. They don't care about their employees. They recently acquired RBC Bank in the southeast part of the country and since the purchase, our call center is now closing down because it's cheaper to pay those who work in that region. Just an overall terrible company to work for. Absolutely terrible. The managers working there had no clue how to run the place.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","June 26, 2012","1.0"
"Great manager and department to work in","Enjoyed the job and the people I worked with during this time with the company.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","June 26, 2012","4.0"
"get a job somwere else. mc donald would be better.","operations specialist"Former Employee not a nice place to work for. they treat you like you a five year old.. menagement think only of them selfs. they would sell you down the river .just so they could get a head.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol and that does not mean lots of luck","operations specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","June 26, 2012","2.0"
"Great customers and wonderful coworkers","A usual day consists of helping hundreds of customers with day to day banking. Aside from typical banking we assist them with we also have relationships with the customers, know them by first name and can have friendly conversations with them. Working next to coworkers and management is a delight. Probably the most enjoyable part of the job is the friendliness that is exchanged between customers and amongst the coworkers. There are difficult aspects of the job, one of the most difficult is encountering fraud of any kind.","Teller","Current Employee","Beavercreek, OH","June 26, 2012","5.0"
"Learning and fun workplace.","A typical day at work was doing different types of transactions, like deposits, withdrawal, cashiers checks, account maintenance etc.,I learned about being courtesies to all the customers, handling cash properly with full attention so I could settle at the end of the day without any shortage or overage.My co-workers are quite understanding. They used to help me if I have trouble with any particular customer or account.The hardest part of the job was to pay full attention to the cash handling and answer responsibly to the customer's questions.The fun part was meeting lots of new people everyday and interacting with them.","bank teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 26, 2012","4.0"
"Overall was a good place to work.","I loved working the second shift. The benefits were good. I enjoyed working with my co-workers in the department in which I worked. There wasn't anything that was hard about the job. Management did provide good training for the positions that I worked. The most enjoyable part of the job was my working hours.","Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 25, 2012","3.0"
"Concerned with image, not employees","I worked for the call center in their business department. I would get screamed at relentless by customers and scolded by QA for not being more sympathetic. The training was not up to par either. You're trained for a month before you're on the floor, however if you take on any other department functions, you get maybe a few hours.","Business Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 25, 2012","2.0"
"ok place to work","bad hours 3pm to 2 am quiet no talking rule. attendance policy was very strict could not miss any days at all for 1 year.","Medical Claims Processor","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","June 25, 2012","2.0"
"Good place to work for a short term. Not many opportunities for career growth.","A typical day at work would consist of prospecting business customers, by way of computer generated leads, cold calls, and onsites. I have learned many new aspects of business life cycle mgt, business lending (underwriting) and cross sell techniques. Management performance is different from region to region, depends on were you are.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","June 25, 2012","3.0"
"Depending on your position it is an average place to work","While I did enjoy the type of work that I performed I felt that the Management didn't encourage atonomy and lacked consistent communication.","Project Specialist - Lockbox Network Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2012","3.0"
"Productive work enviroment.","Provide customer service to clients. Offer products and services to customers to help them with their banking needs. The hardest part is sales for me.Most enjoyable part of my job, is getting to know our customers.","Teller","Current Employee","Sparta, NJ","June 20, 2012","5.0"
"Dependable work place","Reqired to work under high stress situations and short staffing. I have learned to manage people and keep a balance of happiness and accountability. My co workers are fantastic. The hardest part of the job is the constant change in policy and procedure, though it is not unmanagable. The most enjoyable part of the job is the knowledge of knowing that I am needed and respected for my position.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Grove City, PA","June 20, 2012","3.0"
"horrible place to work"," this bank does not care about it's employees one bit. All they care about is the shareholder and the fat cats in upper mgt","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago","June 20, 2012","1.0"
"Banking Industry","No comment, adding a review will breach company confidentiality agreements.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 19, 2012","3.0"
"Teller","Summer Job, it was a busy day with careful handling of cash and customer service","Teller","Former Employee","Trenton, NJ","June 19, 2012","5.0"
"Unloyal morals","Very good company and corporate relations but fellow staff and management have no problem slandering names and lieing about past employees. Their so called ' branch family' doesn't matter when it comes to speaking up for promotions.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","June 18, 2012","2.0"
" this bank","A great employer. Management is good. The hardest part of the job for me is the limited advancement for this company. the most enjoyable part of the job is interactions that I have everyday.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 17, 2012","4.0"
"Great place to work","Loved working at this bank, great working environment, fun, fast paced, seen lots of customers everyday, had a great superviser and great employees to work with.","Teller","Former Employee","Logan, OH","June 17, 2012","5.0"
"Great company to work for","After a 6 years with the company I have nothing bad to say, they are are great company to work for and offer many employee benefits.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Keyport, NJ","June 17, 2012","4.0"
"Do as you are told and you will advance well."," this bank is a very good company to work for. The benefits are outstanding. There is room for advancement as long as you apply yourself. They are very strict on inherence, talk time, and tardiness. Quality customer service.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 15, 2012","4.0"
"Great Company","A typical day is all the same. You come in do your work and go home. They don't like you to talk so its kept to a minimum. They really don;t care about your personal issues.","OPERATION ANALYST 1","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 14, 2012","3.0"
"productive place","great company and people. work was very fun there and enjoyed working with the customers","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","June 14, 2012","5.0"
"Excellent company to work for - room to grow and move up","Loved working for this bank, as a contractor I worked for this bank for about 10 years. This company is a growing company, caring for not only their employees but also the community. I enjoyed the most is working and interacting with the different departments - the people for the most part are very professional. The are a hard working group. It was a growing experience for me and I learned so much in the processes. The hardest part of the job is losing good acquaintances and co workers as they move on to better positions within the company. this bank strives to continually improve and grow and are real survivors in the midst of all the other banks folding up or getting caught in bank scandals.The downside to this bank at this time is that they have not set up shop in the Southwest part of Florida where I currently moved to. If given the chance, I would definitely love to work for this bank again.Please, Please this bank - COME ON DOWN!!","Bank Security Site Supervisor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","June 14, 2012","5.0"
"Excellent Company to work for","Lots of opportunities to earn commission, Great team of people. Opportunities to learn everything about the company and advance.Provided excellent customer service. Management was very hands on.","Customer Service Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2012","4.0"
"Flexible work schedule, dedicated co-workers","Job is fast paced and fun. The different projects each year are similar but always varied based on information sent in by clients.","Financial Specialist I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2012","4.0"
"Great benefits, few layoffs.","Overall, this bank Mortgage has proved itself to be a very solid company. I have learned a lot while working there.","Call Quality Evaluator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2012","5.0"
"back up head teller full time teller","Customers were somewhat pleasent got to know many new people learned a lot used it to my advantage but as far as working for this bank, horrible management does not listen to their employees about customer service who handles customers day in and out, they don't understand what the customers really want they go by a gallup to review their employees which is silly they basic the entire branch off of a gallup instead of hard work and customer achievement and word of mouth, always works short staff go through managers like you go through socks, the pay is horrible, they don't treat their employees with respect, management makes the job more stressful the it is, most enjoyable part of job is some of the co workers you grow to care, and everyday customers but this bank really needs to get it together starting with how they treat their employees, so if your looking for just a job with some what ok hours not to good of pay just to kinda of get you by this bank is your job but i would not go full time the job and pay is not worth it part time is ideal for this job. Also they give new rules almost everyday and the head teller and managers change them when they want or use the ones that benefit them as need. And again the pay is a joke. And minorities get less money go figure horrible job. just ask any teller oh yea wanting you to stay later because they are short staffed but then asking you to cut your time because they allow no over crazy want to take your time away from your life and family but don't want to pay you for it cheap cheap cheap, only keep there part timer at 26 hours, no matter if they are going to have help for their full timers or not leaving you by yourself alot of the day to handle customer do the atms and the vault and everything calling customers. Also not holding the employees that are not doing their job well accountable making the entire team suffer for one or two people. I'm just happy Im gone most people who leave pnc move on to bigger and better things and i am one of them. i didnt want to give them any star but the system makes you","backup head teller full time teller","Former Employee","delaware","June 11, 2012","1.0"
"Nice place to start","good experience for customer service40/hr work weekMy most enjoyable part was helping customers with their issues.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stroudsburg, PA","June 10, 2012","5.0"
"Great company, lousy pay","My manager and co-workers are the best I have ever worked with. this bank offers nice benefits and is really good about encouraging a nice work/ life balance. The only downside is that the entry level pay is lower than any of the other banks in my area.","Retail Banker","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","June 8, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work. Life balance sensitive","Great people and environment. Training for all levels is provided.","Accounting Supervisor II","Former Employee","Valley Forge, PA","June 7, 2012","4.0"
"not a bad place to work.","I was a peak-time teller so I had up to 20/wk. My branch was nice to work at. Because I was peak-time, I had no benefits. They really worked with their employees and helped them to succeed!!","Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 6, 2012","3.0"
"Fast paced call center","A typical day at work here is very fast paced. I worked in the credit card department, where we took inbound calls. These calls would range anywhere to as easy as giving a polite person their balance to problem solving and working with upset customers.The management and co-workers here are friendly, but you will not have much time to interact with them as most of your day is spent on the phone.","Credit Card Services","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 5, 2012","3.0"
"Nice Place to work."," this bank was a nice place to work but no room for growth in location I was working in.The hardest part of the job was rules changed without notice in time to process work correctly.The most enjoyable part of the job was when it was enough work to make 8 hours a day.","Receivables Processor","Former Employee","College Park,GA","June 4, 2012","5.0"
"Best management and co-workers I have ever experienced","Typical day at work was well managed, with sufficient amount of work that would make you feel accomplised but not stressed. Load leveling in busier times was well managed. All employees and management were treated with respect. Your opinion mattered.","VP Credit Administration","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 4, 2012","5.0"
"Last place you should want to work for.","My co workers were a good group of people. Management for the most part was good. Beware that the video cameras are not only there to watch customers but to also use against the employees if a certain person in HR feels you have done something wrong. They use them against the employees for minor infractions and can get rid someone.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lebanon","June 4, 2012","1.0"
"Pulled Files","Pulled files from mainframe and ran through a internal program for processing.","Output Support Team","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 3, 2012","4.0"
"Positive work environment, open to growth and advancement.","My co-workers as well as management are always concerned with my growth and well being when it comes to working for the company, which makes it easy for me to go to work everyday.","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, Florida","May 31, 2012","4.0"
" this bank","The organization is keen on letting its consultants be frightened about their jobs all the time. The organization allows for the management, coaches, etc to tell the agents how they can be fired on a daily basis. When someone has had to leave for a family emergency or comes in late due to car troubles, it is marked as a full absence and you are written up for it. It seems as though the organization does not really support its families and what their outside lives may entail.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 30, 2012","2.0"
"interesting project","Wrote SQL queries to pull the back end data and did automation testing by executing the written scripts in QTP","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 30, 2012","4.0"
"Amazing","Financial Sales Consultant Maintain satisfaction on new and existing customer. In charge of collecting and writing account history on negative accounts. Responsible for reconciliation of banking statements. Handling client's money and helping them make accounting and investing decisions. Responsible for keeping and passing an audit.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","State College, PA","May 30, 2012","5.0"
"Good job to start with","Co-workers were pleasant. Atmosphere was good. Customers were always friendly. I've learned to be more detailed in things I do.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","South Orange, NJ","May 30, 2012","4.0"
"Fixing problems","This was just short term. Basically I went in to the banks with my other team members and replaced the old towers with new updated towers.","Contractor","Current Employee","New York, NY","May 29, 2012","2.0"
"Great values, slow on compensation","Compensation not competitive over the long tenure. You must move either inside or outside the company to get a good increase in pay, regardless of performance.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 29, 2012","3.0"
"Good Company, lots of advancement possibilities","Investor Services Sr. Level Manager - managed group of approximately 20 employees for operations, client services and accounting of mutual funds and hedge fund products. Handled both corporate and high net worth clients. Managed all vendor contracts for outside production of private data.","Alternative Investments","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 29, 2012","4.0"
"The Ultimate in Employee & Customer Engagement","Ease, Confidence, and Achievement!!! this bank focuses on keeping it's employees engaged and happy, with the understanding that we carry this with us as we interact with customers and act as brand ambassadors. The value I brought to my clients in the Business Bank, $1MM to $10MM was centered around my ability to quickly and efficiently analyze a businesses operational model, cash flow, and understand where those things intersected with banking. A checking account is a checking account, however the ability to offer sound advice and build relationships with my clients that demonstrated a genuine commitment to helping them grow and prosper...this is what this bank business banking was about form my perspective. My manager worked diligently to give me the tools to be successful, particularly around credit analysis. HE also was very cognizant of work/life balance and maintaining our engagement around the teams strengths. The most rewarding part of my job was the the relationships I cultivated with clients and teammates and being able to be counted on as a valuable resource for the solutions to problems I provided.","Vice President Business Banking","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 27, 2012","5.0"
"'Just a job'","My time in the mortgage industry had it ups and downs.At times, I loved my job, helping people buy their homes etc was a huge plus, but the micromanagement and buy outs etc were quite stressful","Specialty Lending Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"I love my job but I am looking for career advancement","I have been a teller for over 8 years and I want to use all I have learned from the teller/ banker positions","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Kitty Hawk, NC","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"It is a mass production shop","A good place to work. It is a mass production shop. $3,000,000 and under","Credit Risk Management","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 23, 2012","1.0"
"Wire room attendant","This was a very rewarding job. If you can keep fast pace and stay efficient this is a great opportunity.","Wire Room Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"Volitle work environment","I applied for a sales job in 2009. After several months of follow-up emails and calls, I was told that the position I applied for was recalled. I was offered another position and within a month that position was recalled.","Sales","Former Employee","Mortgage Lending Services","May 23, 2012","3.0"
"My Opinion On this bank!"," this bank as a whole has it's problems. Treats it's employees horribly and doesn't care one bit about it's customers. All the benefits that they tell you about the company are mostly for Pittsburgh employees only. Management is the worst! Never giving any news and NEVER there to help!! Always getting to some sort of trouble example; having customers on hold for to long waiting for a department to help you. Not selling enough. They do have an AMAZING training program I learned a lot. It would have been better if the computers worked.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 22, 2012","3.0"
"a lot of stress and expectations without solid support","a typical day can last 8-12 hours, depending on which branh you work in. you are on your feet all day and generally the branch is under-staffed. the customers are great, but management isn't the most supportive. the sales are difficult to make, but once you make your numbers, its a great feeling. There is a lot of poor communication within the company about job responsibilities and it is not a very consistant work enviroment. The enviroment is sales and it can be cut throat. I have learned that you should not trust a big corporation to really care about you in the end. you don't really matter to them when push comes to shove.","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","PA","May 22, 2012","2.0"
"Over worked and under paid.","I would come in pass out work. Sign macros, answer questions. Help open work for distrubution. Attend meetings, Conduct meetings. Key checks, Correct transactions. End of the night audits and reports. The most enjoyable was the people. The hardest part of the job was lack of people to do the job.","Subject Matter Expert","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 21, 2012","3.0"
"Great training and work environment","I like working for this bank and the personal attention that they give to you to help you try to advance. The culture is very customer centered and based on great values. Within my one year of working I have started to see the focus slowly move from customer relationships to new client acquistions.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Dulles, VA","May 18, 2012","4.0"
"A Great Company To Work For","A typical day consisted of cashing checks, balance inquiries, and selling product. I have learned banks have an important job that effects customers, the business, and the world. My management was very helpful and understanding. My co-workers were pleasant to work with. The hardest part about my day was explaining to customers rules and regulations not just by the bank but the federal part as well. My most enjoyable part was meeting new people.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Tarentum, PA","May 18, 2012","5.0"
"Productive in production setting workplace","I was the department coordinator. I manged all work being processed and made sure we did not miss any service level agreements. I learned how to manage my fellow employees and came up with ways on how to improve the work pace. The hardest part about my job was being in a production setting, you never know what the day is going to be like. The most enjoyable part was we never had a dull moment at work.","Work Lead Coordinator","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","May 18, 2012","4.0"
"Document Services","They offer some training for employees, a benefits package, vacation based on time worked there.","Collateral Team Member","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 16, 2012","4.0"
"n/a","Diagnosing and repairing problems both hardware/software.","Technical Analyst II","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","May 14, 2012","5.0"
"Very Proffesional, Fast-Paced, and Team-Spirited Environment","-Process monetary transactions for customers.-Offer products and services to customers.-Supervise and coach employees.-Pull and review daily operational supports and report to upper management.-I learned important supervisory and coaching skills.-I learned how to organize and maintain confidential files.-The management was extremely helpful and supportive in all aspects of daily operations.-The most difficult part of the job was selling/referring customers for bank products and services.-The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with the customers and being able to assist them with their problems and concerns.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Turnersville, NJ","May 14, 2012","4.0"
"Great Starter for employment.","Company gave me my the experience of the typical seeting of a corporate office.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","May 13, 2012","4.0"
"Professional atmosphere","Professional work environment with highly engaged employees.","Trust Operations Unit Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 12, 2012","5.0"
"Not a bad organization to work for","Great place to work, however, it is a giant tree of micromanagement.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","May 11, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyed interacting with co-workers and clients","Responsible for the attainment of targeted branch sales goals, correctness of platform audit information and documentation, and timeliness of branch sales promotion. Processing loans and keep all customer information confidential. Filled in for branch management and teller line staff as needed.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","May 10, 2012","4.0"
"Great coworkers","Great people and very flexible. Working for a large company can make you feel very little.","Analyst","Former Employee","New York, NY","May 10, 2012","4.0"
"I am looking for an organization where I can flourish. A place where I can use my skill set to help the organization as well as myself grow.","I work predominately for the high new worth reporting group. I support four regions, over 30 Investment Professions and over 7000 accounts. I manage the relationship with our reporting vendor to insure that our performance reports will deliver an accurate sophisticated picture of the client's portfolio. Not only do I enhance the reports currently in production, but I work with Investment Advisors to create new reports that would benefit the client. Most Recently I have created a Private Equity report which captures the Investment Rate of Return for these assets.","Senior Performance Measurement Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 7, 2012","3.0"
"Great company to work for.","Assisted Regional Manager by supporting the fifteen branches within region. Trained all new incoming Regional Coordinators and new managers. Paid invoices for all fifteen branched i was responsible for. Preparation and maintenance various Microsoft Excel reports. Supported each branch with staffing needs.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","May 6, 2012","4.0"
"The people and management are wonderful people. i'm so glad I met them."," this bank is a wonderful company. They take care of their people in ways I wouldn't of imagined. I loved working with the people I've worked with. The most enjoyable part of the job was working in the drive up and getting to see the same customers just about every single day. I will miss them.The hardest part was how slow our branch was. It was hard staying busy everyday.","Teller II","Former Employee","Ladue, MO","May 4, 2012","4.0"
"Decent workplace environment","I had great management, however unfortunately lately they have been hiring externally more than promoting internally. Also several co-workers have been let go due to minor kyc violations. assistant branch managers are being laid off in regions and communication is horrible.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Woodbridge, VA","May 3, 2012","3.0"
"Never Overworked - But Allways Underpaid","I fairly laid back work environment. Management allways respectable and do their best to keep everyone happy. Limited advancement apportunities.","Credit Risk Analyst IV","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 3, 2012","4.0"
"Productive Development Opportunity","Great career development opportunities, will allow you to seek other opportunities within the company. Will provide resources to perform everyday job duties","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","May 2, 2012","4.0"
"Fun environment to work at. On certain holidays the company will celebrate with employees","The day starts with me signing on to outlook to respond to all outstanding e-mails. The phones immediately start ringing with request for information or scheduling appointments for my boss. I may have to reconcile her expense report. Make travel arrangements for outside meeting. This would include making overnight hotel acccomdations. I usually have certain projects that are ongoing such as setting co-workers up to have access to research tools that would help them with projects that they may be working on. Update a master calendar of events. The hardest part of my job sometimes is trying to get information from some people inorder to complete a job assignment. The most enjoyable part of my job is completing a huge project sucessfully.","Events Coordinator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 1, 2012","5.0"
"Productive, caring, fun, place to be employed","After being employed with customer service for over 7 years, I learned a lot of patience, to mutli-task, compassion, made a lot of great friends and built a great relationship with management. I also worked on our corporate support and help desk which allowed me to opportunity to deal with the bank branches, loan officers, high end customers, our help desk allowed me to opportunity to be a team-lead to help out reps on the floor, and make supervisory decisions when it came to customer situations. I eventually moved on within the company to take on new skills and became a mortgage insurance processor. This department was the total opposite, I don't have to deal with customers, i don't have to talk on the phone at all. I have the ability to work at my own pace but still have productivity and quality standards to meet. I really love this department and my co workers; I enjoyed learning FHA/HUD processes and about MIP insurance. It gave a new aspect on the mortgages, and the company. It allotted me the opportunity to gain new knowledge and experience.","Mortgage Escrow Specialist - FHA","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 1, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work","Ease, Confidence, & AchievementVery family friendly companyRanked top 5 places for working mothers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","April 29, 2012","4.0"
"Good company with great potential","Investor Services/Operations Mgr for staff of 15 to 25. Every aspect of Mutual/Hedge Funds operations.I learned EVERYTHING about mutual funds from the ground up. I was given a great opportunity by some great leaders.My co-workers were the best. We were on cohesive unit, company wide on attaining the nbr. one company.Hardest part of the job was the endless hours, holidays, nights, weekends, vacations.Most enjoyable part of the job was delivering first class service to the client, and they extremely happy with our service","Alternative Investments","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","April 28, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Daily communication with business clients in regards to their checking, savings, and loan accounts. Management is great in solving problems and co-workers make each day extremely enjoyable. Some difficulties associated with the job are obscure questions asked by clients, but utilize coaches and managers make it easy to find resolutions. The most enjoyable and rewards part of the job it satisfying customers needs on a daily basis!","Business Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 27, 2012","5.0"
"one of the best banks to work for","The most important thing is customer relationship. The goals are good and not impossible to achieve. Schedule is kind of hard, especially not being home all day long, however the team is great in working around days off.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 26, 2012","5.0"
"Hard work","Working at this bank has given me very valuable experience in the banking/financial field. I have picked up valuable skills such as good time management, attention to detail, critical thinking, and problem solving. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to help customers with their financial needs/wants.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Royersford, PA","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Good place with great people to work with","My time at this bank was made enjoyable by the people I worked with, very personable and made me feel at home while always willing to help me with whatever questions I had making that aspect of the job very positive. I learned to not sit back and expect to be told what to do but take iniative and ask what it is that is expected of me. The only negative I could really say was, and this might have only been my department, their complete disorganization and lack of communication leaving me to feel very much in the dark as to what was going on and what I should be doing almost my entire stint there not to mention that management left a lot to be desired. She was never available and slow to respond to any inquiries we might have, in her defense she had a lot on her plate but for that reason she should have never been the sole manager and go to person responsible for such a small department as she was very out of touch and clueless as to what went on with us.","Financial Consultant Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Good company to grow if you are willing to stand a pressure.","Company will give you a chance to grow with avarage of working compansation , be ready not to have your persinal life.","AVP","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to work, great people","My years at this bank were productive. this bank treats it's employees well, they have a great incentive program and health care package for part time employees. The flexible work schedule is great for working parents and for someone who is attending school.","Module leader","Former Employee","Moorestown Nj","April 26, 2012","4.0"
"Not the best company","To much favoritism in this company! LOw pay! Not the most friendly environment... Catty co workers","Teller","Former Employee","philadelphia, pa","April 24, 2012","1.0"
"Fast paced working enviroment","I conduct teller transactions as well as cross sell products. I had to meet a daily goal and be able to work in a fast paced enviroment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Clinton, MD","April 23, 2012","5.0"
"it has a great atmosphere! love the people i work with","Great company... room to grow within company. Gr. Great at compensation. Co-workers are great to work with.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","kalamazoo,mi","April 23, 2012","4.0"
"Great Company with amazing benefits/Growth","Endless commission depending on how hard you want to work, Management goes to bat and backs up all employees to the best of there abilities","Teller","Current Employee","Crystal Lake, IL","April 23, 2012","4.0"
"The workplace is a fast paced organization with a very diverse staff willing to assist each other to achieve successful results an an organization.","A typical l day at work sually begins with determining how much work is due to the day (in accordance with Standrda Leval Agreements previously set forth). Throughout the day the workload is monitored, any escalated issues from Client Servcies Officers are addressed, I atten various any meetings and assist my staff with any cahllenges they may encounter.The hardest part of the job is managing my time. The most enjoyable part of the job is satisyfing the clients and upper management.I have learned that there is always room within yourself to grow.","Unit Manager - Correspondence / Financial call-outs","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","April 22, 2012","3.0"
" this bank Review","As an intern I would work on projects that were given to me from Sr. Management. The projects would include running Nassau reports as well as worked on the SOX team and helped the SEC to proof read some reports as well. Management was great to work with and they were fair. Hardest part of the job was when I had to leave, because I loved the job so much I was really sad when my internship ended. The most enjoyable part is that I stayed busy and loved working in the Regulator Reporting dept. the finance part of my job was great.","Finance Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 21, 2012","4.0"
"Customer Service","I worked in a private branch in a retirement community where personal relationships are a must. Most seniors enjoyed the convenience of having a personal private branch in their own community. I learned to treat the elderly with patience and compassion, as well as seeing a business and a relationship opportunity on every issue. Management was excellent. We did a lot of cross training with our employees, which made our job fun and interesting. The hardest part of the job was probably closing the branch late, since we constantly had clients coming in. Sharing conversations with the elderly and listening to their advise.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Silver Spring, MD","April 20, 2012","5.0"
"Awful, awful","A wasteful company that doesn't pay its employees enough to actually live in the city limits. But it can afford to have a food truck driving around town handing out hot dogs to homeless people.Unrealistic expectations + low pay and terrible benefits DOES NOT equal happy employees.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago IL","April 19, 2012","1.0"
" this bank was a fun place"," this bank was a great place to work for. A Typical day at work began for me by opening the branch and signing in to my computer and getting the bank vault opened and count the money taking care of the atm and many more things though out the day. Management was some what easy to get along with. My co-workers were great to work with most of them. The hardest part of my job was telling non clients that they couldn't cash a check written out to them because they didn't have an account with us. Most enjoyable part of my job was my customers they were awesome.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Montclair, NJ","April 18, 2012","4.0"
"Rewarding career.","During my banking career, I served in a number of roles working as part of a team as well as independently. The last ten years of my employment were in a telecommuting role, working as a float analyst, participating on projects, and serving as a liaison between the transportation courier service and bank branch personnel in Illinois, Missouri, Florida, Kentucky and Indiana.","Float Analyst","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 18, 2012","4.0"
"Great Job, no advancement","no advancement in this company. Good work life balance. Great benefits and 401K","Consumer Lending Account Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 16, 2012","3.0"
"Enjoyable company","10-key position and balanced accounts great work setting and friendly co-workers","Balance Clerk","Former Employee","Birmingham,Al","April 16, 2012","5.0"
"Run for your life from this company","Meager compensation. Awful management. HR supports upper management, not the worker bee. They say all the right things, but the corporate environment is horrible. Good luck ever getting managerial support or a decent pay raise.","Asset Management","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 16, 2012","1.0"
"Review","I only worked here for 17 days due to my position being eliminated with the purchase of another bank. This bank treated displaced employees with great respect.","Sr. Project Manager - IT Planning & Governance","Current Employee","Rocky Mount NC","April 16, 2012","4.0"
"Good pace to work, same as Washington Mutual","Washington Mutual bought out this bank. I really enjoyed working for them. Management was very good, everyone helped everyone and the work was completed.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","April 15, 2012","4.0"
"Sad Story","If you want to be treated like a child and work for a robot than this bank is for you. It really didn't take long for new employees to learn that they were not going to be happy and I have never see so many people leave after only working for the company 1 month. Its sad because legacy bank N employees really loved the old company and also legacy this bank employees would agree that it was a better place to work before the merger. I think they really just got to big to fast and management is not able to grasp it.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Central Ohio","April 14, 2012","1.0"
"Great option for advancement!","Was a great company to work for, would recomend. Pay was good for area. Would have given 5, but management a little slow on getting things done for employees. Advancement is done by work performance not time with company, which was great for me!","Tech Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 14, 2012","4.0"
"East Charlotte Site Closed"," this bank was a great place to work. It had good hours and management in place. The East Charlotte Site grew rapidly and I progressed quickly. The downside is that the site closed after i had been there for about a year.","Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 13, 2012","4.0"
"Not a very good job"," this bank has a very cusotmer service centered culture. I work in the sales area of one of there call cneters and hate it. they have no sales focus at all even my incentive as a sales rep is partly based on customer service. they also pay quaterly incentive at very low rate. I worked for National bank before we merged and was much happier.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","PA","April 13, 2012","1.0"
"Not the greatest!","I loved my job far better when it was bank N. I am so happy I am not there anymore. I put in ten years there and got nothing in return. It seems that once this bank took over, things got really bad. They are or seem to be 'weeding out' former bank N employees so that they can start over with newer (and cheaper) help. Management at the branch level was not understanding AT ALL!!! Co-workers were very nice, friendly, helpful and understanding. I remember one time when the power was out and the managers, including the regional manager, made us all stand outside in 100 degree temps..One person ended up getting sick and I personally get heat stroke..to them it didn't matter..They said to go outside to talk to people and let them know there was no power and that we were closed! (Seems ridiculous when we could have just put a sign on the door!)","Teller","Former Employee","Illinois","April 12, 2012","2.0"
"A job I will not forget","Words can not explain I've learned a lot working with this bank they just need to work on their commutation skills with their employees a lot better","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","April 12, 2012","4.0"
"great place to work","i enjoy doing what i do there. its great meeting new people as well as constantly creating conversations with existing customers","Teller","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","April 11, 2012","4.0"
"Originated home mortgages for applicants","Trained in mortgage origination for the Tulsa area. It was an office of approx. 8 people. Enjoyed the customer service aspect of the job.","Mortgage originator","Former Employee","Tulsa, OK","April 11, 2012","5.0"
"Strong, thriving company","I have learned to dig deeper and push harder, attention to detail and customer focus in the role of a negotiator.","Loss Mitigation Negotiator II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 10, 2012","3.0"
"Productive work place , very structured and goal oriented","Excellent company values and overall vision provides direction for employees. very structured atmosphere, lack of communication from upper management. Branch employees are scored weekly based on customer service. they keep staffing to a minimum and avoid any overtime","Teller supervisor","Former Employee","Akron, oh","April 8, 2012","3.0"
"Very productive branch","This was a very busy bank branch. I loved everone I worked with. We all helped each other when there was a problem or concern.","Teller","Former Employee","Rydal, PA","April 6, 2012","4.0"
"A company where you can get a lot of variable products.","I like that they still have a free checking account. Now a days you don't find free checking accounts.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","630 Barnes Blvd Rockledge, FL 32955","April 5, 2012","3.0"
"Was an ok to work when it was RBC Bank this bank bought RBC back so my job changed and I don't currently like what I'm doing","A typical day at work is I come in and get on the phone to call customers to collect on overdrawn checking accounts. I learned a lot when it was RBC Bank.","Recovery Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 4, 2012","5.0"
"Good place to work, and good people there also","Sign on and process the requests in our queue (provisioning), check the ticket queue and resolve any outstanding situations all within the 72 hour service level agreement. You might get a few calls from the Help Desk for assistance and or users who need guidance and or knowledge on how to obtain a particular dataset, e-mail, VPN problem etc.You will complete or work on current projects with the possibility of meeting with others to ensure your team is on track to meet its obligation. Management would like you to keep the bad situations to a minimum. They will get involved and check on your status if problems arise.","Information Protection Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 4, 2012","5.0"
"Fun workplace","If you looking for a work place where your co-worker and managers become family then this bank is the place. The potomac branch especially are family base. Managers are flexible with everything and open to work the schedule around your life outside if this bank.","Teller","Former Employee","Potomac, MD","April 3, 2012","4.0"
"Loved working at this bank Great comapny","Looked forward everyday going to work, and learned so much working there with bank operations","Reconcile Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2012","5.0"
"productive and fun work place","great company productive and fun work place , great management and easy to work","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 31, 2012","4.0"
"Helped home owners purchase and refinance homes","While at this bank / Mortgage I created and maintained over 400 new customers. I sent out quarterly newsletters about the mortgage industry and the latest information about my own personal life.I continued to pass all the required Federal licensing tests and earned an NMLS#. I worked with my bank partners, real estate agents, and past customers to keep my business thriving.","Senior Lender","Current Employee","Annapolis Maryland","March 29, 2012","4.0"
"My Job","I Thank God for it! I enjoy going to work everyday. I'm responsible for keying Medical Claims EOB's for a local hospital.","Medical Claims Data Entry Processor","Current Employee","Highland Hill, OH","March 28, 2012","3.0"
"Horrible employer !","Lowest compensation in the market. Corporate greed abundant. Customers and employees, are treated as fee income. Management has not a clue. MLO's run, don't walk away from this company !","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati Oh","March 28, 2012","1.0"
"Productive and organized work place in the fast paced mortgage industry."," this bank Mortgage is a quality company in the fast paced mortgage industry. this bank is one of the leading financial institutions in the world, however yet very conservative.","Mortgage Operations Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 27, 2012","3.0"
"Learned a lot, not very innovative","Not much room for advancement in NYC area, but learned a lot. Not very many people with relevant experience in banking and Financial services","Financial Sales Consultant - Small Business","Former Employee","NY Metro Area","March 25, 2012","2.0"
"Overtime is the rule","Production goals are set in a way that it's next to impossible to make incentive pay. Management uses the fear of losing your job if you do not reach monthly quotas. Forced overtime is common practice with the underwriting staff.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2012","3.0"
"Great Company","Very friendly, flexible, company that worked with me to come up with a schedule that allowed me to obtain my bachelors degree while working at this bank","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hamilton, NJ","March 21, 2012","5.0"
"Pretty Good Place To Work","I've been promoted a few times and enjoy working there. It is a very good company for working mothers as far as childcare and flexibility."," this bank","Current Employee","Philadelphia","March 21, 2012","5.0"
" this bank","Woking with the this bank BANK been a wonderful opportunity. There is plenty of room to grow with the company and get much training as needed.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bernardsville, NJ","March 20, 2012","5.0"
" this bank is a nice place to work, My days were changed and I am unable to work the days they want me too.","This company has flexiable hours and days. August of last year my days were changed without consulting me. We have employe recognition days. Spotlight awards are giving to employees for making quanity for the month and no absences.","Wholesale Supplemental Data Entry","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","March 20, 2012","1.0"
"Very Caring Environment","This company will support you in your endeavors with things like tuition reimbursement and paid job training. this bank promotes being a team player with quarterly employee surveys, spot light awards which can be redeemed for various types of gifts, and weekly one on one meetings. In my area of the market this bank also has biannual sales rallies where employees are recognized for their achievments.","Financial Services Consultant","Current Employee","Laurel Springs, NJ","March 19, 2012","4.0"
"productive and fun working environment","very good place to work, room to grow, always had new learning opportunities","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","new jersey","March 19, 2012","4.0"
"Good for Banking Bad for Employment","In Store program of this company is not as professional as it should be and does not promote from within very often, which leaves them with extremely high turnover rates. Often times employees are over worked and not compensated for their over time, when being on duty for overtime is mandatory.","Promotional and Marketing Coordinator","Former Employee","Maryland","March 18, 2012","2.0"
"Great place to work. Keeping up with technology!","Great place to work. I was hired in as a supervisor, received a signing bonus and didn't have the experience but they took a chance. Great place all around. Nothing bad to say about this bank.","IRA Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 15, 2012","5.0"
"Opportunity","It is very customer oriented and is very employee supportive.","BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Rocky River, Ohio","March 12, 2012","4.0"
"Solid company with room for advancement with business background"," this bank is a growing and solid company to work for. With them buying up banks left and right, there is a definite feeling of job security. The health plans/IRA/vacation benefits are nice, but unless an employee has a college degree in business or an experienced business background there is little room for advancement and/or opportunities. (Makes sense given the fact that it is a bank!)","Implementation Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 11, 2012","4.0"
"good place to work for","There no pressure working there, but there just not enought work","plumber and heating technician","Current Employee","jamaica, new york","March 8, 2012","5.0"
"Good company, market challenges","Overall GREAT company. The challenge is with newly acquired markets.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","March 6, 2012","4.0"
"A friendly place.","Again a friendly place. Management willing to help and provide extra training. Much pressure to sell on all employees. Much focus on the bottom line. For someone who likes competitive sales it is a good place to work.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hackensack NJ","March 5, 2012","3.0"
"Very educational and structured place, good benefits"," this bank is a solid growing company that values their employees.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Easton, pa","March 5, 2012","4.0"
"Good place to start in Banking","System is little dated. It's sometimes hard to see the company's strategy from your perspective in a specific line of business, and depending on what department you are in you may feel disconnected from the customer/business partners you work with or work for","BRANCH management","Former Employee","CHICAGO, IL","March 1, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace"," this bank is a great place to work. The employees are there to help you out every step of the way with learning new things and they want to help you move up within the company.","Floating Teller","Current Employee","Cecil County","March 1, 2012","4.0"
"over all this bank is a place to work, help costumer and coworker as well."," this bank is un institution that cares about their employees, prime example they provide great benefit package.","Telller","Current Employee","Boone blvd vienna va","February 29, 2012","5.0"
"Progressive, but traditional","Culturally rich organization with long traditions in banking, customer service and asset management. Employees seem generally pleased, but marginally under-compensated relative to industry medians.","Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, Michigan","February 29, 2012","3.0"
"exciting and productive work place"," this bank is an exciting and very productive place to work. The atmosphere is very quick and busy. I enjoy being involved in the daily aspects of this bank.","Business teller II","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","February 28, 2012","5.0"
"Pay is not competetive","Not a diverse company to work for, based in Pittsburgh there values are not the same as a local Chicago area bank.Nationcal City bank presdeeded this bank and that was a great organization to work for","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Illinois","February 27, 2012","3.0"
"Product and services"," this bank was a great for their trainning New Hirer and Monthly Sales Meeting. The one thing that stands out was the none-consistancy of sales and service's. We all know that things change daily however to be productive you must stay consistant with your staff. What goes for one it goes for all. They must also listen to what the staff is saying in order to get a feel for consumers needs and increase sales. If you have someone doing a job and increasing sales you go with what you have and work with it. Sales is the object of the game as long as you are following the banks guildlines and not putting the bank in a bad position to lose business.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lancaster,PA","February 21, 2012","2.0"
"1st employer post undergrad"," this bank is a major employer in the Pittsburgh area. There is a lot of room for growth and advancement and they offer a competitive compensation package.","Business Banking Program","Former Employee","Pittsburgh PA","February 11, 2012","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","A productive and fun workplace that gave you the ability to use your talents to the fullest extents.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Bayonne NJ","January 24, 2012","5.0"
"Overall good place to work if you are friends with the site manager.","Good place to work if you have a management that could treat people with respect instead of having favorites.This company needs a management team that can lead instead of having meetings everyday for long hours and same thing is repeated day after day after day while they could be focusing on how to engage employees and improve morale.","Supevisor","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","January 23, 2012","1.0"
"Great place to work, but downsized","The managers were great, they never micro managed. They let you do your job to the best of your ability.","Help Desk Technician","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 21, 2012","5.0"
"Fun and laid back work place"," this bank is a great place to start, if you would like to grown in the financial feild. This is also place to start when you frist get out of college. They also have great things for people that would like to go back to college.","customer service rep","Current Employee","Indianapolis,IN","January 17, 2012","4.0"
"Great company to work for, very community and emplouee oriented.","I enjoyed working for this company, the CEO, is an outstanding mand and the company cares about children and does great things through Grow Up Great","customer service representatives and teller","Former Employee","libertyville, il and pittsburgh, pa","January 16, 2012","4.0"
"Large Corporation means little value of employees","When I started working for bank N, I loved my job. Once this bank came and merged with bank N, everything took a turn for the worst. They changed verification processes over and over and over making it confusing for those employed with the company.","MI","Former Employee","Financial Services Coordinator","November 4, 2011","2.0"
"It could be better","It's great to work there if you don't have any aim in life or don't want to achieve anything career wise,, just fresh from college and leave of pay check after paycheck","FUND ACCOUNTING","Former Employee","WESTBORO,MA","September 27, 2011","3.0"
