"High pressure unrealistic expectations"," this bank can be a great place to work depending on your manager. Too many managers don't follow the guidelines set for them which results in a high pressure environment with unrealistic expectations. If you are not in a sales role you will probably enjoy your job.","Kalamazoo Region VP","Former Employee","Michigan","August 24, 2018","2.0"
"Good Work Environment","The work environment at this bank is exceptional. The manner in which the management team treats the employees is great and there is always someone willing to help.","Vendor Relationship Risk Specialist","Bank Officer","Brecksville, OH","August 24, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","Great company to work for with great people! Fantastic junior analyst training program with lots of opportunities to advance and move laterally within business units within the bank.","Credit Products","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 23, 2018","5.0"
"Big spending in technology, but bad people management","I found the management to be a closed set of people that hogged the limelight and never give credit to their teams. It looks like every person is for himself and intense power struggle is in play most of the time.","Integration Architect","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2018","1.0"
"Lack of career advancement","Lack of management & structure from Upper management; Sale driven. go above and beyond for their clients. Poor internal communication. Lack of empathy","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 22, 2018","3.0"
"Expectations of each individual employee are a little high","In some instances, little to no training is available. Too many meetings; inconsistencies; communication is poor. There is a lot of room for opportunity within the area that I work in.","Quality Analyst - Risk, Compliance & QA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2018","2.0"
"I did not like the company culture","I was in an accelerated college program that did not properly train the new employees. It was rushed and not effectively facilitated. It was a bad experience.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Columbia, MD 21045","August 21, 2018","2.0"
"Customer Service","work and home balance, benefits were good, like the vacation perks and professional growth. i would recommended this bank for someone who is starting banking for the first time.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","August 21, 2018","4.0"
"Hard work low pay","They have made it so one position covers them all. One employee is responsible for all branch jobs. Being a teller, being a loan officer, being a customer service representative, being a notary, etc. There were very few days that I got more than a half hour lunch, would work at least 3 weekends a month but it was very offten over a month before I would get a weekend off. They rely heavily on gallop surveys for performance reviews. Where you may get one review a month but have hundreds or thousands of interactions the one review determines everything. So if it was your one 'off' interaction a month that's all that matters. The pay was not worth the job at all.","Branch sales and service associate","Former Employee","Marysville, OH","August 21, 2018","3.0"
"unstable working environment","salaries are not bad, the commission is not good and the working environment is not stable at all, always changes in management. very sales and product pushy","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cedar Grove, NJ","August 21, 2018","2.0"
"Work/Life Balance","The company is great if you're interested in getting your foot through the door for banking; however, the commission is only if you get a certain threshold of accounts. The in-store branches have almost no life/work balance and have made the goals more difficult for the branch. My senior staff members have been with the company around 2 years and they make around the same salary as I do when I've been there roughly 8 months. It's a great learning experience as well as a good place to start if you're interested in banking.","BSSA","Current Employee","Gainesville","August 20, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent training","Excellent career training,coaching and overall culture. There is almost a zero error tolerance, so that would keep you on your toes(which to me was a positive). However, we were always short staffed partly because the low pay always led to a high level of turnover.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hazelwood, MO","August 20, 2018","5.0"
"Compassion for Customers","Great company to work for that places emphasis on knowledge and development. The company invests in the training and development of the employees to ensure each individual client's needs are met.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","na","August 20, 2018","4.0"
"always changing enviroment","If you are looking for a long career with the ability to grow within the same company than this bank is the place for you. great benefits and great vacation time. just be aware there is a lot of turn over in the branch setting and you will get new coworkers often. for sure a sales environment. be prepared to meet certain behavior based goals.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2018","4.0"
"Horrible culture","While working for this bank, we were expected to be independent and not need our managers; then when we had an issue with a client, we were taken to task for not getting the managers involved. Prior to the integration between bank N Bank and this bank , the bank was a fantastic place to be. Very collaborative, and the managers were very supportive. At the beginning, it was similar with this bank. Then they decided to do away with our division, hired in a manager whose job it was to get rid of us. She made life and work difficult at best in what I believe was an effort to get those of us she didn't like to quit on our own. She clearly played favorites, and she made coming to work a stressful event. Then they called us into a conference call and said those of us on that call no longer had jobs; literally we IMed with each other saying, 'whoa, wait, did we just get fired??' Later we discovered if we wanted our full severance, we had to train our replacements from the outsourcing place. We had to finish our work plus take on more projects. It was pure slave labor to get us to leave without our severance. I hope no one ever has to work for the two in charge again.","Training and Design Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 19, 2018","1.0"
"Worked There For Many Years","Excellent company to advance your career. IT management is very understanding. Environment is at times stressful but these days all IT jobs have some stress.","Lead Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2018","5.0"
"Horrible","I was there for 16 years and when I left people who were just hired was making what I was making,. The lack of life balance, Why work mandatory every other weekend, Just plan selfish","SENIOR CUSTOMER REPRESENTATIVE 3","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2018","1.0"
"Productive , great benefits","I believe certain branches give u a better opportunity to advance as well as more fairness between employees. I guess different branches have better business relationship rather than inappropriate relationship","MLO_BSSR BANKER","Former Employee","Georgetown KY","August 17, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work if you don't work for in-store","VERY, very heavy sales focus to the point that the customer's wellbeing is placed behind the company's production quotas. If you work for the in-store, you have NO work/life balance as your hours Monday-Friday are 10:30AM-7:45PM, Saturday 10:30AM-6:45PM, and Sunday 10:30AM-3PM and you are only guaranteed off 3 holidays every year - New Year's Day, Christmas Day, and Thanksgiving Day. The quality of people that this bank hires for their in-store is low so customer retention is non-existent (unless they bribe you with yearly stay-on bonuses). They often hire people who are unequipped to handle banking and end up leaving due to stress. If you are good at your job, they try to pigeon-hole you into staying in the in-store realm forever even if you were promised in-store as a stepping stone to moving on to traditional or universal banking. They will cheat you out of a promotion even if you were only 1,000 revenue credits short of goal and your colleagues aren't even hitting their minimum set goals... but they still get paid similarly to you when the this bank pay scale is already below average. They tell you to just keep busting your butt to make commission at the expense of giving you a better yearly salary. Management often sucks. They'll look the blind eye to unethical practices as long as they meet sales goals. The stress should never be that high. In-store managers have no real power and therefore employees can manipulate managers easily as it's nearly impossible to fire someone even if they no call/no show. If you don't make your quota, it's like the whole world fell - more...","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gainesville, VA","August 17, 2018","3.0"
"Comfortable place to work"," this bank is a great place to have and maintain a comfortable career. There are development opportunities, and other education benefits that make it nice for someone starting out in a technical space (model dev, analytics, automation), however if you are in these areas and what to work with new tech, this is not the place to be for long.","Quantitative Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2018","4.0"
"Work Relationship","I think it is a good company I think it is the people in place who hurts other people and force them to leave. this bank bought out Flagstar and they made a lot of changes and elimated jobs.","ASSISTANT MANAGER","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","August 17, 2018","2.0"
"Productive work place","This is a work place where things get done but it can be very difficult at times depending on the task. Although this is so things still get done by the end of the day.","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2018","3.0"
"Consistent training","The value of consistent training on company systems was a valuable tool for job advancement. Job advancement opportunities from within the company strengthened workplace culture.","Support Analyst","Former Employee","Maryland","August 16, 2018","3.0"
"Productive and energentic place to work","A typical day is working with the computer on all aspects of office work...letters, emails, typing, helping clients either in person or by phone. Was replied on a lot to help maintain business was operating correctly as well as all equipment.","Office Manager","Former Employee","Red Bank, NJ","August 16, 2018","5.0"
"Position eliminated after 6.5 years without a warning?","Management was not very forthcoming in eliminating my position. No warnings at all for a person near retirement age? Where is the compassion and consideration? Gave everything I had and begged for more work, only to be shown the door.","Technical Analyst I","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","August 16, 2018","1.0"
"stupid bank","god. they still use mainframes. and case insensitive passwords. i guess if they didn't get money from the federal reserve this would be an unsustainable business model.","Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2018","1.0"
"Great working environment","I really liked working at this bank and worked there for 21 years. I left for an increase in pay but the job did not work out. I would go back to this bank if there is an opening for my qualifications.","OPERATIONS MANAGER","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","August 16, 2018","5.0"
"Great job...but","I loved my job with this bank, but was unfortunately displaced after 27 years of employment after an acquisition. They were not helpful at finding me a new opportunity within the company.","Field Services Workforce Coordinator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 16, 2018","4.0"
"Wonderful, upbeat place to work."," this bank is a great place to grow. There are many opportunities. Management focuses on each person's growth on an individual basis. this bank appreciates it's employees. this bank defiantly makes sure their employees are comfortable with their work, and also provides many tools for success, as well as live support.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Michigan","August 16, 2018","5.0"
"Excellent place to work for","Typical day was steady Friday's were fast paced. Great management to work for. Professional environment and enjoyed meeting and taking care of my clients. The hardest part of the job not being able to help every customer. Great hours for family.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
"Great Work environment","A typical day consists of reviewing credit, and reviewing income documents to insure I have everything I need to have the underwriter review and decision the application. I was able to work at home two days a week and I like my team. The hardest part of the job is making sure I look/verify as many deals to completion to maintain department goals because you can't control what documents you receive even if I clearly noted what I was looking for. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to work independently and having the option to work at home.","UNDERWRITING ANALYST SENIOR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent place to work","Great place to work! Staff and employees are the best. Family oriented company. Tuition reimbursement program, volunteerism is encouraged. Plenty of opportunities to advance to other positions.","Sales Service Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
"Every day you learn something new"," this bank has treated me well for 5 years! There are always opportunities to advance within the company. You do have to built for the job as you will deal with customers money. Some conversations will be difficult, some you have made a friend by the end of the call. this bank has paid well enough to take care of my bills even when I was part time, still in college. The customer care center is a great place to work!","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 15, 2018","4.0"
" this bank Retail"," this bank has mixed review. From what I witnessed. It depends on what area you work in to your happiness. My side has been mostly retail. I would not recommend retail. I am not sure if the upper level management in our region even understands how a team environment works. I believe they are the main issue.","Branch Manager II AVP","Former Employee","Cornelius, NC","August 15, 2018","1.0"
"receiving monthly bonuses for required stats","A day in the life of this bank consisted of taking approximately 50-75 calls a day, also having a meeting once a day with your manager. fasted paced work environment. The hardest part of the job was servicing escalated calls. There were times when contests got you different incentives and also received bonuses for work well done, which was the most enjoyable part of the job.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
"They are fine","Company was good. Vacation time was good. Very comparable to other banks in the area. They seem to be a few steps behind when it comes to its competitors and the processes that they use.","Branch Service and Sales Administrator","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 15, 2018","3.0"
"Great to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. Conservative bank. Main issue being products are not very competitive. Customers/clients can usually find better deals elsewhere.","Inbound Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2018","4.0"
"good company, unreasonable expectations","the benefits offered, flexibility, and direct supervisors are all great, very nice work environment and location. Very career advancement focused. The downside would be the expectations placed by upper management and the customers themselves. In general people don't call a call center because everything is ok, and the expectation for volume of calls taken and time spent taking calls was absurd.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2018","3.0"
"Learning experience in a variety of jobs","Customer Service - meeting customer needs. Variety of jobs: Experience. Opportunity to grow in the company. Learning experience in finances, loans, checking and savings accounts, IRA's, Investments and more","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 14, 2018","4.0"
"hard to get ahead","Personally, my job is very stressful in a fast paced environment with very little consistency in work load. Department management is very good. I have learned a lot about a number of bank products from this job. The workplace culture is pretty good as far as teamwork is concerned but many people do not like the job itself.","Customer Service Rep Specialist Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2018","4.0"
"Great company","Love working for this bank.. Pay is lower end due to using Pittsburgh standards (I worked remotely) but great organization. Working was simple.. Log on and do the work assigned.. Culture was solid... no micromanagement of any sort.. Great overall.","IT Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2018","5.0"
"Challenging and rewarding","Data entry clerk was a 3rd shift job which was the hardest part of the job. I didn't mind the long sitting times and starring at the computer to key in the information.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 13, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work."," this bank was very competitive in its price on all products. Focused on only a few industry types which limited its revenue stream. Works well as a team and immediate supervisor was always accessible.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","August 12, 2018","4.0"
"Great work-life balance, backwards IT department","Depending on your department, your experience may vary. this bank has incredible work-life balance. I rarely work an hour over 40 hours per week, and work-from-home was pretty flexible. Vacation policies are reasonable. However, this bank develops software as if it is 1990. Do not go work for this bank if you want to work on anything cutting-edge. Attempts to advise management and change the IT culture are ineffective -- no amount of APIFests is going to fix the fundamental problems with IT dinosaurs making enterprise-level decisions. Pay is mediocre, but somewhat compensated for by the great work-life balance.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 11, 2018","3.0"
"Excellent Place to wrk","Loved working here, was able to put my degree to work immediately and was offer a higher salary prior to graduation based solely on education. healthy competitions between departments. team building exercises knew how to make working there a fun friendly yet professional environment.","Lead Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","Not my favorite place to work. I did work part-time so I didn't get very many benefits. In my training class I was the only part time person there. Being part time I never had to be in charge of the ATM","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 10, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoy working with a diversity of clients","I enjoyed my 5 years with this bank and learned so much, much recommended. If I didn't moved home location, I would of continue with this bank. Made a lot of friends and have a lot of references from all of the branch managers.","Personal Banker III","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","August 9, 2018","5.0"
"meh","management sucks, but this job is what you make it with incentives.Flexible Hours, and often there are raises. Do not mistake their push for sales goals for an interest in your career advancement","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Baltimore County, MD","August 9, 2018","4.0"
"fun place to work","a typical work day, you get here open the branch everyone gets settled, we have a daily morning meeting, ive learned a lot that benefits you not only at this bank but else where","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE REP","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","August 9, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work","It is a good place to work and a place that you can retire from. It takes a while to get familiar with the culture, but once you do, it flows well. The work life balance is a huge part of their culture.","APPLICATION DEVELOPER LEAD","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2018","4.0"
"overall great no advancement though","overall great no advancement though. retail is great, but unless you live in corporate office area then there are no advancement opportunitites but retail and everyone is fighting for those","BSSA II","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work but has a tendency to establish guilt by association","During my time there I was seemingly being groomed for a FT requisition. Once it was evident the 'Application Manager' determined I was aligned with a 'Troubled' employee, I was 'lumped' in with that employee and after being extended 3 times on a contract, and told there was a requisition for which I was earmarked, ultimately my contract was ended due to 'budget'.","Technical Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"wonderful","Very good company to work for in banking. The company takes good care of the employees. The company is great if you want to advance in the company. the management is very good, the training is good. the company advocated for its employees and makes you feel good about working for them.","Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","August 8, 2018","5.0"
"Review Summary"," this bank Investments was a great place to work. Great culture however we were limited in how we could help clients. My managers were great but their power to make decisions was very limited. It was definitely a place that gave you the tools to succeed if you wanted to put in the work.","Investment Service Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"easy room to grow","If you go in and do your job, they will easily move you up. They say you have to wait a year; but I moved up in 6 months, and again in another 6 months. Being at a call center can be stressful, especially inn a banking environment where people blame you for them not having money. Just smile and wave until the end of your shift and until you can get in a role where you do not have to be in front of customers.","Digital Chat and Email Associate","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 8, 2018","4.0"
"Ups and downs","There is not much appreciation for customer service employees. If you are looking for a place where you can Advance, this may not be the place if you do not have a schedule that accommodates your work and home life. You will see people come in after you and get placed in your desired shift. The way to survive at this company is to become friends with management and hang out and party. On other hand there are lots of carry-ins and if you work full time you do get great benefits","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 8, 2018","3.0"
"caught up in DOJ ruling for licensing","I am currently updating my resume as I am now employed at Huntington Bank in Fishers, IN. this bank required their licensed bankers to have series 65 to maintain their jobs back in 2015, when I failed to pass it I was out of a job. I worked at 5/3 for 24 months doing same thing then they interpreted DOJ law differently in 2017 and stopped paying commission basically , so now at Huntington where I can still utilize my investment license in a banking arena.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Anderson IN","August 8, 2018","5.0"
"Emotionally Exhausting","If you get hired as a teller you will be very prepared to start your job. The training is amazing and they do not let you on your own until you feel prepared. Very high sales goals which are stressful. Also management was AWFUL. Felt like being in high school and I was not in the cool kid crowd. Pay Is good, vacation days are nice too. If you like high stressful sales goals, and feeling belittled every day this is the job for you!","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","2.0"
"Customer Service Rep was the worst job you could have at this bank.","Terrible Job. Terrible hours. Customers were always rude and disrespectful. Half of the time this bank did something to screw the customer. The other half were customers who just didn't know how to manage money and took it out on you because they were broke.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","1.0"
"Productive and fun place to work.","I worked for this bank for about two years. They have many departments. Its a fast pace working environment. I loved my team we all pushed each other and we were always encouraging to one another.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 7, 2018","3.0"
"Good Company","Great Company- Great Benefits, great vision. The company is growing and is very well place in the market. Enjoyed working for them Big Bank with the Small Bank feel","Business Banker","Former Employee","New York, NY","August 7, 2018","5.0"
"Emphasis on work-life balance and career development.","Professional culture with emphasis on work-life balance. Emphasis on career development and allowed for classroom training when applicable to job functions.","Business Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","3.0"
"was a productive place to work for","if it had not turned into just another sales position it would have continued to be a great place to work for. we were not looking out for our clients best interest but pretending to act like we were","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Palm Bay, FL","August 6, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to work","It's a lovely place to work, I was fortunate with the regional manager I had at the time. She wanted growth and she is so genuine. The pressure was mild.","Bank Manager","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","August 6, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and good place to work"," this bank prides themselves on great customer service and strive to be the best. They take customer privacy very seriously and are always looking for ways to improve.","Customer Service Representative II","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","August 6, 2018","4.0"
"A decent place to start out"," this bank is a good company, but the role I took I'm overqualified for. For this reason the work became incredibly monotonous. Great company, competitive pay, but I'm kicking myself for taking the role I did.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","I started when the company was bank N. They had numerous management changes that caused a lot to leave the company. I on the other hand welcomed the changes and flourished.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Okeechobee County, FL","August 6, 2018","5.0"
"Productive and interesting work","Overall this bank is a good place to work. They provide a career path and incentives to continue on that path. The work environment has open workstation are to foster collaborative working environment however can be distracting to some.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","August 5, 2018","5.0"
"Faced paced mortgage company","The company had a major growth pattern during my time working there. My manager was wonderful and consistent during both daily work and company change.","SENIOR MORTAGE UNDERWRITER","Former Employee","Chicagoland Area, IL","August 5, 2018","3.0"
"relaxed","typical night go in encode the checks into system process all checking coming in and out had you work fast and short hours that's how we receive bonus","encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 4, 2018","5.0"
"not enjoyed working there","Work environment was not very good. At times, the training was not sufficient and there was no flexibility for good work-life balance. Some of my colleagues were not supportive at all an there was a lot of politics involved. The work environment didn't allow me much flexibility and the exact job description was not made clear at the time of he interview.","Service Associate","Former Employee","State College, Pa","August 3, 2018","3.0"
" this bank Teller","I loved this position, I was only part time so I didn't receive benefits or paid time off. The company was very good to their employees. All my supervisors were great. The actual position taught me many skills. Resume attached explains them in detail.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD 20650","August 2, 2018","5.0"
"I had great employees that I worked with.","The colleagues that I was surrounded by helped me achieve success. I was excited to come in to work everyday and work with my colleagues as well as with my clients that I built long lasting relationships with.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2018","5.0"
"Awesome","Great company to work for. Been there for over 8 years and have learned a lot. Company really focuses on it's employees and the customers, very happy to be a part of a great company.","Vice President","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","August 2, 2018","5.0"
"N/a","Typical day at work is reaching out to customers and/or waiting on customers from the lobby to make sure their financial needs are taken care of. Management -- depends on the manager. Hardest part of the job -- when you cannot solve a customers problem because it is beyond your control. Most enjoyable -- when you do solve a customers issue or problem and they continue to contact you for future needs","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Westminster, MD","August 1, 2018","4.0"
"Work Opinion","Working at this bank was a great experience. My typical day is to Assist may Manager , Loan Officers and Loan Officer Assistant. Printing/emailing reports ,appraisals daily. Provide essential administrative support for Market Managers within our Mortgage Origination division. Primary point-of-contact for customer service and interdepartmental inquiries within the branch. Assist senior management in all areas throughout the branch. Prepare and reconcile management reports, maintain employee time sheets and vacation schedules, and perform other administrative functions as needed. On-board new staff including but not limited to training on systems, interacting with IT and procuring sign-on, ordering marketing collateral. Most enjoyable part of my job is creating a positive work environment .","Mortgage Office Administrator","Current Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 1, 2018","5.0"
"My First Job","This company really helped me learn about my field and what it is that I would be doing on a daily basis. The management was really nice and pleasant to work for.","Entry Level Business Analyst","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","August 1, 2018","5.0"
"Work Environment","A typical work day, would be chatting with two customers at a time. Helping them with any and all questions about their checking, savings, credit card and loan accounts. I have learned to show empathy, use active listening and reading, always be willing to help at any means. The workplace culture is relaxed, fast paced. The hardest part of the job, would be not to be able to assist customers with their needs. The most enjoyable part would be the 'thank you for helping from the customers and co workers.","Coach","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 31, 2018","3.0"
"Branch Manager review","Overall organization focused on doing whats right by the customer and key drivers are clients financial needs. Mostly all targets are revenue based, but some levels of leadership measure a tick mark.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Northern Virginia","July 31, 2018","4.0"
"Poor management as of lately","This job started out very well and promising, with my intention to move up and to different areas of the company. However, the past 6 months have shown inept management and an unwillingness to follow through on promised work from home time, due to extenuating personal circumstances. As I have no confidence in current management and feel incredibly disrespected in a variety of ways, I cannot recommend working here and am looking for another job.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 30, 2018","1.0"
"High turn-around rate","I noticed that no one rarely stays long at the this bank call center. Out of 19 employees in my training class in June 2017, only 2 people remain. The employees in the Columbus call center will all be working from home by the end of 2018.","Online Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 30, 2018","4.0"
"wouldn't recommend","wouldn't recommend. schedule was too much. hated the environment . worked some days 12 hrs. had to wear uniform. I would not recommend to anyone else. poor work life balance","personal banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","July 30, 2018","2.0"
"Ok","Like the company, loved my director! Not a lot of room for advancement in Solutions Role, May end up doing multiple jobs with the lowest salary ranking.","Full Time Client Solution Specialist","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","July 30, 2018","3.0"
"environment"," this bank was a great place. The only thing that could have been better was the pay. Overall the benefits were great. It was the mortgage industry therefore job stability was a concern","CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSOCIATE III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 30, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","The instution had really great people. management is what kept me for the time I was there. great team work. the pay was too little. I would not go back unless they increased the pay","Teller","Former Employee","Durham, NC","July 30, 2018","3.0"
"Good people to work with","Not a bad place. Good hard working people. Enjoyed working multiple partners, both internal and external. Provided quality customer service in the business banking industry.","Loan Support Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 30, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed working there.","I enjoyed working at this bank. Fast pace very busy, Time goes by face during peak time. Hard to move around in company. Learned a lot everyday something new.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 30, 2018","4.0"
"Challenging enviornment","Worked at this bank on mainly IT security projects and learned a lot. Additionally, my team streamlined identity management processes in the whole organization.","Systems Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 29, 2018","5.0"
"Good place","Great place to work i recommend it to anyone who wants to work good vacation time and flexibility. Awsome place to be. One hundred thumbs up. Never had any issues","Customer Service","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great atmosphere","Great atmosphere to work. The department was a fun place. It was busy/stressful at times but it didn't get too overwhelming. If you like variety, you'll like it here.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 28, 2018","3.0"
"Micromanaged","Loved the job besides a few aspects, good for someone who can sit all day. Great opportunities to move forward. Must be able to meet all goals and standards.","Expander Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 28, 2018","4.0"
"Beware!","DON'T DO IT!!! The main reason I took this job was because it was a work from home position. But it's AWFUL! Their turnover rate is ridiculously high & I see why! The training is so poor it's not even funny. You're basically in a room with a 'trainer' who sits on her phone all day. You just do web based learning & tutorials to cover this bank in the case that you completely screw up an account. That way they can say well you as the employee were given the correct tools to avoid this from happening. The pay is TERRIBLE! They give you a 10% differential during training & once you go home it's a 12%...which believe me isn't worth the stress the job brings on. You have to endure being tethered to a phone all day like a dog on a leash taking back to back to back calls, expect to take at least 70 calls a day. The calls come in so quick you can't even take a sip of water! You have to deal with people wanting to check their balance, wonder where their checks are, yell at you because they overdrafted their account & there's nothing you can do to help them. There's no particular way on how to handle a call, it's all up to your discretion which I think is terrible. A customer can get three different answers from three different people. There's not even consistency with the training, it's all based on what mentor you work with & how you will be told to perform your job. One consistency is don't hang up on customers or use foul language, other than that- figure it out! Their point of reference once you go home is to utilize the intranet or reach out to peer support via a telephone - more...","Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2018","2.0"
"Great place to work","The company gives you tools to succeed. They promote from within. They offer great benefits, especially to new parents. Great training. A lot of opportunity for growth.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 27, 2018","5.0"
"Was hired for a different position than i was placed in","I was hired for one position and after being hired I was placed in a different position. I was hired under false pretenses and my rate of pay was not what I was told it was going to be either. On top of that I was put off work for a couple days by a doctor due to injury and was informed that I would either be at work or be fired. Doctor note or not.","Default Payment Assistant Representative","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 27, 2018","2.0"
"I would not recommend the department I was in."," this bank is not a company I would recommend anyone to apply to in the Loss Mitigation department. Management did not have the tools to effectively manage us.","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 27, 2018","1.0"
"So so","Lack of structure was a large drawback. Managers did not know how to lead nor their own roles and responsibilities. It was a relief to leave the organization.","Auditor","Former Employee","United States","July 27, 2018","1.0"
"Fun and great atmosphere.","I loved working for this bank the staff and management we all great people and fun to work with. Great benefits and very family oriented.I have nothing bad to say. Great atmosphere. Overall best place I've ever worked at.","SPECIALIST I","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","July 27, 2018","5.0"
"none","Its a great starting job for banker but i feel that they can be more involved in the development of there employees and pay is not great at all they pay the least from all banks"," this bank Finical Consultant","Current Employee","Piscataway, NJ","July 26, 2018","3.0"
"Great way to connect with people","Working in a branch is wonderful if you enjoy meeting new people and helping others. Especially if you work at a busy branch. Branch employees tend to be the least paid and work the hardest. That needs to change.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Camden, NJ","July 26, 2018","4.0"
"fun work place","i enjoyed doing my job as a servant leader working as a scrum master. i had the opportunity meeting and working with different individuals. working as a scrum master you learn to use different soft wear.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 26, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work and develope","Great place to work structured . good people . helpful . great benefits. pays extremely well . trainers hands on. I loved everything about this job just wish I could have had different hours instead of 1pm to 10pm every day.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 26, 2018","4.0"
"None","Worked there a long time ago. Processed banking transactions. The people were nice and I has no issues. Left because it was a part time job. Wanted more hours","ATM Deposit Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 26, 2018","1.0"
"No advancement"," this bank does not like to promote from within, they would rather hire from the outside and lay off the current employees. This is not a career type of bank.","Team Lead - Sr. Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 26, 2018","1.0"
"Job description not upheld","I was told that I would be on the banker side of the Job 80% of the time and a teller 20% of the time. In 6 months I worked on the banking side only 5 days.","Branch Sales Service Representative","Former Employee","Saline, MI","July 25, 2018","3.0"
"The culture changes depending on department"," this bank looks out for management and themselves, I made several reports of retaliation on my manager with evidence, and nothing was done. In my 5 years there I had two managers that were reported to HR by multiple members of the team multiple times and nothing was done. I've also had amazing managers who looked out for their teams. It all depends on where you are, But in general it seems to be a bit of a boys club.","INTERNAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2018","3.0"
"Perosnal banker","Good work environment - fair management practices and sales goals. I would go back to this bank if a position was available which matched my skills. Good company culture","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 25, 2018","4.0"
"Banking","Worked with customers to meet their banking goals and needs . Work the phones and greet customers with a friendly helping smile .Loved to interact with customers and help them with their accounts to Acheive their financial goals.","Branch Sales And Service Associate","Former Employee","Waynesburg, PA","July 25, 2018","5.0"
"Advancement opportunities are abundant","If you're willing to relocate and make personal sacrifices then you can advance quickly. Piece of advice though, negotiate your salary because yearly raises are roughly 1% each year.","AVP Branch Manager","Current Employee","Richmond, KY","July 25, 2018","5.0"
"We are a technology company","We used to say we were a technology company, but our current CEO means it. Technology is no longer a cost center or order taker for business. IT must be the business and drive the future. this bank has many IT jobs, allows most IT employees to work from home 2 days a week and allows employees out of our footprint to work remotely. Some managers are sane, support their teams and keep the craziness in check. Others make a mockery of our value of Work/Life Balance demanding unsustainable effort. Every technologist will say quality is sacrificed to meet dates.","Cyber Security","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 24, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. The benefits are great, my manager is the best one I've ever had and I do enjoy my job and colleagues. The only reason I'm considering moving on is to move up.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Rockford, IL","July 24, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Corporate Structure","Standard corporate structure in the banking industry. Compliance training and updates are frequent. There are numerous opportunities for growth and development.","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","July 24, 2018","3.0"
" this bank jobs","Good job work life and balance restructure going on right now and jobs are being updated by locations experience is needed with this job training is good and location location is the key to work for this bank","Customer Service Representatve","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 24, 2018","5.0"
"not fun","I don't think tthis place is a great place to work. There were too many expectations for low compensation. this bank had me doing two jobs for the pay of less then one.","Universal Banking Consultant","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","July 23, 2018","2.0"
"No opportunity","i love my job, but it seems so far my opportunity to grow and i spend more money going to work and parking that what i get paid. Even that i work with a good team i need to cover my personal finance needs.","Teller","Current Employee","Bloomfield, NJ","July 23, 2018","4.0"
"No Management Structure","The gentleman I was to come work for left within a few months under pressure and after that it was me training and that is about it. I originated a little, mostly outside of training I made calls on financial contacts in the area.","MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Duluth, GA","July 23, 2018","2.0"
"Supportive management great place to work","I moved up to supervisor after working in mail services as a clerk. I was mentored, supported and trained by many people in my group and grew my confidence in my learning on the job. I supported 7 to 2 people on my team in 5 years. After many process changes I managed and supported my team during challenging times without missing a beat or missing any SLA's. I coached and supported my team during time off and was always a working manager. The most enjoyable part of my job is when I problem solved for internal and external customers to came to a happy resolution. The hard part was coaching team members to give more than their job requires to help them see how important they were to our team and how much a difference they made in the company. I enjoyed working for a company who supported diversity and inclusion and everyone's opinions mattered.","Operations Supervisor I","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","July 22, 2018","5.0"
"Eh the job is ok","Between the customers and upper management makes the job somewhat difficult highly stressful environment have seen colleagues literally in tears due to the demand of job.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2018","3.0"
"started out happy then they changed","when the new CEO took over the company really started to decline in supporting its employees it was a sad day when i had to chose to leave I feel I had devoted so much time and effort to a company that let me down","Branch Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Tobyhanna, PA","July 22, 2018","2.0"
"good place with benefits","the benefits and pay are great, and the flexible work arrangements are awesome, but that also leads to a lack in office culture. i never get to see the people i work directly with","Finance Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 22, 2018","3.0"
"Overall","Overall it was a great place to work. Co-workers were great, but some management were helpless. Had many opportunities to move into new positions and succeed.","Call Center","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 21, 2018","4.0"
"Its not for everyone","The call center, customer service industry is rapidly growing and pays well. The hours are very fixed, but there is always opportunity for OT hours. The hardest part of the job is not taking things personal, high stress, and fast paced. If you're a slow learner, this isn't for you. There isn't much room for upward mobility. The incentives that are given for meeting metrics, in my opinion make the work place culture disingenuous. Most likely, you'll be working from home. Most of the on-site call centers are closing. I do feel that this job strengthened my communication skills, and my ability to effectively multi task.","Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 20, 2018","3.0"
"very faced pace","Typical day was answering multiple phone calls, having to help customers with their credit cards, questions and problems. The management wasn't supportive. Very critical of your phone calls and how you handled the customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 20, 2018","4.0"
"Financial Analyst"," Reviewed credit applications and assessed risk of individual and commercial clients. Upheld regulatory guidelines to guard against fraud and money laundering, and protected customers by stopping suspicious wire transfers. Increased productivity level of branch by 60% by reaching out to customers with tailor-made solutions.","Financial Analyst","Former Employee","Cranbury, NJ","July 20, 2018","3.0"
"Go in and work not any options","This is a good starting point but, I have so many years of escalated customer service experience! I'm talented and focused on getting the job done with or without help!","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 19, 2018","3.0"
"Productive events and seminars about this bank benefits","I was in charge of finding onsite, and holding seminars and presentations in front of decision makers and employees explaining about this bank benefits provided to them.","Senior Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Tysons Corner, VA","July 19, 2018","5.0"
"Sales culture.","Very good structure of rules and procedures. Training is excellent. On going education is excellent. Sales goals are unreasonable. Customer service goals are priority, but sales pressure contradicts the service.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 19, 2018","4.0"
"Ok place to work","It was a decent place to work. They managed by micro managing every aspect of your day.It took so much time to make sure you following managements layers of reporting that you never got a chance to actually sell.","FINANCIAL SPECIALIST","Former Employee","scotch plains, NJ","July 19, 2018","4.0"
"Boring place to work","Just bad management. Does not appreciate the employees that works at night. Benefits are good. Very strict on the quality of work and the productivity.","Remittance Processing Assistant","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 17, 2018","3.0"
"Nice pay but BRUTAL culture","Grateful for the experience,but this bank is trying to catch up with other National Banks and lacks the necessary sales platform needed to do so. this bank is still many years behind in innovation of bank software, user friendly online banking, and internal processes especially around investments. Jobs are threatened on a daily basis, and employees as a result live in constant fear...even if they are making their sales goals.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","July 17, 2018","2.0"
"Was great, now ok place to work","When I started in 2004, it was a great place to work, slowly over the years, especially since 2013, things changed. New leadership from other banks, lack of promotions from within, hiring people from outside the bank.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Glenside, PA","July 17, 2018","3.0"
" this bank review","Overall this bank has given me opportunities to move forward but only up to a certain point. My salary has been adjusted competitively once but hasn't changed since. Very competitive and sales driven environment.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Cape May County, NJ","July 17, 2018","5.0"
"Very Poor Pay","Even though I spent 6 years working for this company I would not recommend anyone working for this bank. My last annual raise was .05 cents. The turn over rate on branch managers was horrible.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Radcliff, KY","July 17, 2018","1.0"
"This is an excellent organization to lead to an accomplished career","This is an excellent organization to lead to an accomplished career. Management is very supportive in promoting staff internally. Customer are always welcomed when they enter the branches. Everyone (customers and employees) speak highly of this bank's culture.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Berea, OH","July 17, 2018","5.0"
"Low pay and always fell short of their 'expectations'","From sales goals to customer service scores, it was nearly impossible to get a 'meets expectations' score on the annual performance review. The worst is the customer service scores. Customers are called anonymously by Gallup, and if the scores are not nearly perfect, then the branch doesn't get their incentive payout. And furthermore, the employee that received the lower score is placed on an 'action plan'. Action plans were common; an overshadow over every stressed employee that his/her job was always on the line.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","July 16, 2018","3.0"
"Instore location","I worked inside of a supermarket which was a little unusual for me however, I was able to succeed and show my worth to the company. I would recommend working for this bank to anyone who needs a job living on the bare minimum.","Branch Service Associate","Former Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","July 16, 2018","3.0"
"Awesome benefits","At this bank employees are offered awesome pay and benefits, along with 3 weeks vacation time. Unfortunately, I was not trained properly and management was not willing to help me learn. Sadly, it was just not a good fit for me.","Teller","Former Employee","Rochester Hills, MI","July 16, 2018","5.0"
"nice place to work"," this bank is a wonderful place of work, they pay fair, but commission wise is not that good. I used to work in an in-store location, hours very convenience but management took most of weekend off","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","July 16, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","The work environment was always great and the people I worked with were easy to get along with. I traveled from branch to branch on a daily basis. It was difficult to adjust to each branches different set of rules. Management was unable to give definite answers, always felt like they were beating around the bush. At times it felt as though management was not there to support and develop you. The scheduling was pretty inconsistent, working Monday-Saturday and only having an hour trimmed here and there. Instead of a half day which most would expect and some got. But they insist on keeping you under 40 hours, and if you did by chance get overtime there were always questions about it. Training became too much at times. You'd finish one set of training and be assigned more to do. Sometimes you were required to travel for training. The incentive was quarterly, and sometimes felt like you weren't given enough opportunity to achieve it. In my time there I learned a lot about the financial industry.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wintersville, OH","July 16, 2018","2.0"
"Overall a good place to work","Loved my customers. My manager was fantastic. Manager Really supported the staff daily and in career advancement. Co-workers were absolutely great to work with, however, I did find it to have a clique. Did not enjoy having to push the products onto customers. Also, every week having to call the customers to arrange for appointments so that they could push the products, when it was not in job description.","Teller","Former Employee","West Ocean City, MD","July 14, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to start your career","Typical day at work includes a fair amount of customer contact and reaching out to customers. I learned a fair amount about the financial industry working with this bank.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Durham, NC","July 14, 2018","4.0"
"They do not allow you a chance to grow within company","The training is very intensive and expect you to know the position perfectly after only seeing it once. They don't give you chance to do great within the company.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 13, 2018","2.0"
"Good","SOlid company that is growing quickly. Culture is very collegial and team oriented. Work life balance is emphasized and shows. Regional president model works.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 13, 2018","5.0"
"A professional work environment","A great opportunity to take initiative and implement strategies to grow the business, improve client experience and reduce risk to the organization.. Its a growing division with excellent operating leverage, There is strong leadership at all levels of the company and its created a great reputation in the industry.","Managing Director","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 13, 2018","5.0"
"I was a Part-Time Teller","When this bank took over Midlantic Bank, it was a change for us all. But, when the change of management began, it was not easy. During the last year working at this bank I had a very bad experience that made me loss confidence in working with the 'branch' I was assigned to.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","July 13, 2018","3.0"
"Management Issues","You are in so many meetings you have no time to do actual work yet they don't want you charging overtime. Management does not communicate with each other well and therefore are unable to throttle information down to employees effectively. Project managers are brought in brand new to the company and changed mid-project and there seems to be virtually no turnover.","Business Systems Analyst II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 13, 2018","2.0"
"Not as great as it used to be.","Job in the branches is now more like telemarketing position. Have to make outbound calls to try and get customers back in the branch for 'financial well being checkup' i.e. come in so we can sell you stuff. Turnover is big issue. All branches are constantly under-staffed but no let up on sales goals.","Branch Sales and Service Rep","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","July 12, 2018","3.0"
"Solid company but not much growth opportunity in comunity development","The CDB team is pretty flat with no room for advancement unless you are willing to relocate. Very rewarding work in a very visible and flexible environment. Expect pay to be less then competitors.","Vice President - Community Development Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2018","3.0"
"Good culture and opportunities for advancement","Overall, this bank has a solid work culture and has opportunities for advancement. Monthly goals are followed and will lead to advancement which, can be a positive or negative depending on your working style.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Glen Ridge, NJ","July 12, 2018","4.0"
"Credit card specialist","Great job, great benefits, great pay. Hard to sit at a desk for 8 hrs a day for me. Meant a lot of great people there. Management was great with any questions.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 11, 2018","5.0"
"It's okay","It's okay working there. It would be nice to receive more money for what we do. The culture is nice. The benefits are nice. I like the supervisors there.","Underwriting Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 11, 2018","4.0"
"Review Summary","I can not review, I still work here currently. I would not want this posted as many of my colleagues are on LinkedIn. I could loose my job due to our social media policy.","Learning and Development","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","July 11, 2018","5.0"
"It's alright","Management differs heavily between branches. There are a handful of managers who are willing to work with individuals to seek advancement. Most however, either dislike interviewing or are too comfortable with their over inflated bonuses to be willing to risk helping you get promoted and in the process loosing some of that incentive with the new hire. The claim they pride themselves on promoting from within but as with most banks you will quickly find that they outside hire often. The only normal internal promotions are within branches when there is again zero risk to the branch manager and their bonus. Employee culture is excellent, work life balance is very good and the compensation is fair. The retirement benefits are the most generous portion of the package. That being said until the internal talent development culture sees a massive shift this bank is at best a great stepping stone on the way to where you want to be. That is unless you are an outside hire.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 11, 2018","3.0"
"Diverse and accommodating environment with room to grow and opportunity to learn."," this bank has offers employees ample opportunities to learn and develop into roles best suited for them to succeed. The company promotes healthy work-life balance and a sense of camaraderie between management and staff.","Business Analytics Consultant Sr","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 10, 2018","4.0"
"long hours not enough pay","I worked over 9 hours a day, sometimes 10. is too much work for what I get paid. the people I worked with are very nice team but the day is very long, is a 10 hour shift.","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 10, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank prides itself on being inclusive and diverse. The people that work there are great people. Friendly, supportive, kind and helpful. Depending on the position it can be very stressful. The pay is good and the benefits aren't bad.","currently employed","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 10, 2018","4.0"
"It ok"," this bank is a nice place to work that all I have I was a contractor and I came in and did my job every day and the people are a good group of people to work with.","Consumer Loan Mortgage Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 10, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work. Hard to get paid enough to want to continue.","I worked at this bank for four years learning all I could to advance. But it seemed on some fronts that it was hard to get ahead unless you knew someone in the ranks. Sometimes the work is hard when you are dealing with rude clients. I've had days where clients made me furious and used their entitlement to look down on what I did there. But there were a lot of great times too. There are some clients who make what you do worth while. However, considering all that is required to do the job safely the pay isn't worth it. Especially if you are working as a teller. I did the BSSR position and MORE for two years with no pay increase and very little hope of advancement considering the efforts I went through to help bring my branch to greater heights.","BSSR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2018","4.0"
"Company is great, RM not so much","Overall, the company is a good company to work for. However, the regional manager has made it very hard to want to come to work anymore! We've lost a lot of great employees in our region due to the regional manager. Of course, anywhere you go, not every manager is going to be a great one, but this one is the WORST RM I have ever worked for! Far worse than when I worked for Wells Fargo. If you want to work for this bank, I would recommend doing it outside of the Fayetteville, NC region!","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","July 9, 2018","3.0"
"loved it","Great place to work. offers good benefits and an onsite daycare where the fees are taking out of your paycheck. There are plenty of opportunities for advancement within the dept and outside of it. Managers will help you move up","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","Drexel Hill, PA","July 9, 2018","5.0"
"Good company to work for","Would recommend to a friend, good company to work for. Good work life balance, benefit options were on par with peers. Company stressed their core values a lot and really lived by them.","HR Employee","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2018","5.0"
"okay","I am a new employee. I don't have to much negative to say about this bank. I was recommended to come over from a competitor. It is the same everywhere I feel.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 9, 2018","5.0"
"Terrible...do not apply!","Lack of organization, bad leadership, outdated technology and processes. Do not recommend working for this lack luster bank. Terrible terrible terrible","Accountant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2018","1.0"
"Old Systems, poor management,","Very difficult place to work. Poor management, excessive politics and infighting. The computer systems are 'pre-historic' - and have not been updated in over 20 years. A task that would take 5 mins in a modern bank like Wells Fargo or BOA, takes hours here. They fire their employees for absolutely stupid reasons - thereby blemishing their records. Avoid working for this bank.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","July 6, 2018","4.0"
"Diversified financial services company with major businesses in retail, commercial, retirement and investment management."," this bank is an interesting place work at. As the company keep adding acquisitions, the challenges to get the data organized and integrated was getting bigger and bigger. For anyone who works there has to be prepared to deal with a diverse data environment.","Solution Architect II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2018","3.0"
"Good company, bad management","A place where the jobs were poorly defined and little management help in establishing features, timelines, or application requirements. Even project managers had little idea of scope or project requirements and frequently changed them within a couple weeks of project deadlines.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","July 5, 2018","2.0"
"workplace culture","The culture here is very open to diversity and inclusion. Along with development of employees to move ahead and be promoted. The team environment leads to successful teams vs. individual contributions.","SVP","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 5, 2018","3.0"
"Productive","This was a fun place to work and was at the beginning of my mortgage experience learned a lot. Enjoyed working with my team great team leader. Obtained my experience with interacting with loan officers, title companies etc.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","July 5, 2018","5.0"
"Professional Organization with caring employees that take pride in their community involvement"," this bank is a good company with good people. Some of the working groups within the bank have opportunities to advance and grow. Other groups are stagnant or reducing in size and have very limited opportunities.","Strategic Sourcing Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 4, 2018","3.0"
"professionally grow up here. learn about new field","professionally grow up here. learn about new field. WE are using a six flag system, doing every month a new field by ' my learning ' classes on line. grow professionally every day.","Support Department","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 4, 2018","4.0"
"I only worked there a very short time","I only worked for this bank for a very short time quite a while ago, so I do not feel comfortable providing a review of them as an employer. It was a good place for me to start my career and start to learn what I did and did not want in a job.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Meadville, PA","July 3, 2018","3.0"
"Wonderful staff who actually care about the work they do and how much it affects peoples lives.","Good health benefits -Friendly and helpful employees/management. Good work life balance. Great opportunities for advancement. Over time available. Many reward and incentive programs along with good benefits.","ABM","Former Employee","Branchburg, NJ","July 2, 2018","5.0"
"I don't recommend taking a position as a Financial Advisor at this bank","I worked in the and was completely mislead about the position I was hired for. They tell you that you will be busy all the time with daily appointments set by the branches. The turnover rate for new employees in that Segment is 100% annually. So the branches don't setup appointments with their clients because they know you will not be there long. That would have been good to know","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 2, 2018","1.0"
"productive work environment"," this bank is a company with a lot of room for advancement. Good benefits and pay. Paid holidays and vacations. Fun work environment. Helpful support from co workers.","Teller","Current Employee","Voorhees, NJ","July 1, 2018","3.0"
"Great company!","Only reason i left was because i was offered something much higher pay. Great company and great management! I always felt like i had a home there and besides the one, i regret leaving."," this bank Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Olmsted, OH","July 1, 2018","4.0"
"Working at this bank","Everyone enjoys helping you to find the answers you need. There is a need for more investment into the masses of the team as locally, there are not a lot of opportunities for the team to gather and social mix with each other.","Vice President","Current Employee","IL","July 1, 2018","5.0"
"Competitive Workplace and Environment"," this bank is a ever-changing banking environment that leaves much room for growth opportunities. The company is still young while also well established which can cause difficulty, yet it provides a unique template for learning and gaining experience.","Bank Represenative","Former Employee","Tarboro, NC","June 30, 2018","4.0"
"A good place to start your career","The best part of the job were my co-workers. They were family. As for the workplace culture. It was fast pace and you had job quota numbers to reach on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. This made for a stressful work environment.","Desktop Support Technician","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2018","2.0"
"Times are changing","More goals are being implemented. Manager only wants 1 teller behind the teller line regardless of how busy the branch is. Environment is getting bad due to micro-managing.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Florida","June 29, 2018","2.0"
"Rewarding and innovative place to work"," this bank is always ahead of the curve when it comes to tech savvy products and services. Very competitive benefits package which includes 401k matching and one of the loan remaining companies which offers a pension plan.","Commercial Lending Assistant","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","June 29, 2018","3.0"
"Time well spent","Received a ton of useful training that will help me advance in my career throughout my life. The career just won't be at this bank. The pay was light and the structure a mess.","Relationship Manager - Private Client Group","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 28, 2018","3.0"
"BSSA/Manager","The company overall has many opportunities for community involvement if presented to you by upper management. I worked there through many changes throughout the company. As the company shifted so did the management. The work environments were stressful. The days were long and the staffing was short. If you didn't email the proper chain and save those emails to back up what you needed help with or to keep abreast on the expectations no one stood up if there was a fire within the branch. Loss prevention should be more hands on in training staff properly. After the Wells Fargo scandal we were told to back off selling. Once the heat died down the pressure was on. You felt like your job was on the line every day. Rather being meeting sales goals or being an octopus by doing your job and everyone else's. There's no team work or comradery in this organization. If your not a puppet you don't matter.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 28, 2018","2.0"
"Lacking upward mobility","Working there is equivalent to watching paint dry. Adequate training is very seldom. Employee turnover is rare and you'd probably have better luck working for a temp agency.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 27, 2018","1.0"
" this bank ok","Ups and downs at this company. Compensation good. They micro-manage their management staffs and don't allow sense to dictate. At Bank Of America the management staff was allowed to run their branch as they needed, not so at this bank.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Grayslake, IL","June 27, 2018","4.0"
"Good company"," this bank is a very good IT bank. They stress on maintaining a very balance work life culture. Managers as well as people are very friendly and helpful in day today activity.","Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 27, 2018","5.0"
"Field Examination","Standard testing and analyzation of books and records of this bankBC clients. The process allows you to work in various industries with a quick learning process of how each business operates. Managing various personalities, in an effort to create a relaxing atmosphere for customers to keep the flow of information at a quick pace.","Field Examiner","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","June 27, 2018","4.0"
"Interesting place to work","Coming from a larger financial institution, this bank falls behind in technology and training. There is no guided training and there are countless systems that should be consolidated into one go ease.","SR","Current Employee","Bethesda, MD","June 27, 2018","1.0"
"Good Company if you're Good","Great Company to work for if you are committed to your work. Sometimes there are managers who are not necessarily the best breed out there and will make you quit your position - like any corporate; tons of bureaucracy and pay structures changes way too much,","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 26, 2018","4.0"
"it was ok, people were nice but the atmosphere was to conservative","I worked at a small branch so is was vary slow all the time. the training they give you is a joke, they don't teach you half the stuff you need to know.","Seasonal Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Finksburg, MD","June 26, 2018","3.0"
"over all good","my branch manager was the nicest boss ever! the goals were alright the products were easy to learn. every branch is different. this one was very catty. but i loved my branch manager and this bank so its a good place to work","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Maumee, OH","June 26, 2018","5.0"
"Moderate Risk Financial Institution Traditionally Known to Value Its Employees","Good 'community bank' feel with stability of a large institution. Does the right things for customers and most of the time for its employees as well. Mid-management lacks leadership and mentorship skills, mostly are top operators that needed an avenue for higher pay. Improved management training needed. Overall a good and stable company for high performers and low performers alike. Not an 'up or out' company, if you are a low performer, just stick to your lane and you'll have a happy and long career. Top performers are well rewarded but need to remain nimble to align self with the most current and relevant leaders to survive. Very lax work environment. Friendly workforce that is very tolerant. Appreciates diversity. Remote and flex work schedule friendly / encouraged. Acceptable benefits structures.","Strategy Planning Business Analysis Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 26, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful goal environment","I was found by a recruiter through the company, and was very excited to start. Offered benefit right away, and acceptable pay. Remberced for any travel expenses and mileage used for work and training. They provide lots of trainings as well. Be ware, SO MANY GOALS AND EXPECTATIONS. Be prepared to be HOUNDED if you are even A LITTLE behind on goal. If a client doesn't not want a sale, YOU WILL get the backlash because management assumes you are not selling it right. They also promote life and family but if you are full time you can work a 6 day week! 30 minute lunches (not long enough) You have to use paid time to be off, you can't just take off and it makes work life balance hard.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","June 25, 2018","3.0"
"not a good bank for customer or employee","Worked in a small branch that got very little foot traffic yet was still expected to open or refer a certain amount of new accounts with nobody walking in the door. On top of that, this bank does everything in it's power to keep customers out of the branch because it's cheapest checking account requires customers to do all their business through the ATM or they will receive a monthly fee. this bank does not do right by their tellers; they do most of the work in the branch, assume all the liability (any bad check will cost you your job), and are expected to reach unrealistic sales goals on a skeleton staff. Go into a this bank, it will be empty but for one or two tellers max and their drive thru lines will most likely be shut down as well. Also I've never seen a company more intent on cramming social justice warrior nonsense down the throats of their employees on a weekly basis as this bank. They will bombard you with emails and on the internal webpage pushing this agenda and are quick to fire any employee who even slightly objects to their 'shared vision' on these issues.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, NC","June 25, 2018","1.0"
"Great Job","Good place to work. this bank cares about employees. Great benefits. Issues with outsourced Human Resources but other than that I enjoy working for this bank. A lot of opportunities.","Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","NC","June 25, 2018","5.0"
"Branch Banking","Retail banking is a great way to start a career. The industry is changing into a more digital service while business banking remains the same. I suggest learning business banking to grow into banking in general.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Northvale, NJ","June 24, 2018","3.0"
"Good company"," this bank was a great company to work for. When there, I was severely underpaid. However, as I understand it now this bank does a much better job with compensation.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Edwardsville, IL","June 24, 2018","5.0"
"I was fired because they said I falsified records. In actuality I was giving to many fees back. It was said I recorded wrg. Reasons for giving fees","This particular incidence I was told by a manager that they did not even find the incident that was brought forward. They owed me money for consults and referrals I never received and 2 was before I was fired the referral protocols were changed","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 23, 2018","3.0"
"Great job if you don't mind working."," this bank is a good company to work for depending on position. Work life balance is tested throughout the company. Pay doesn't match the work load. Besides those reasons, this bank is a good bank to start a financial career.","Experiential Sales Ambassador","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","June 22, 2018","4.0"
"I don't personally recommend","On the whole it is a great company. I truly love some of the things we represent. There is a great set of programs we are involved in. However the management isn't worth it. Other banks pay much more.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","June 22, 2018","2.0"
"Numbers driven company!","To work at this bank you must be a robotic numbers driven person. this bank is more concerned with numbers than with recognizing and developing their employee's skills and abilities. The managers do not believe in taking your ideas to better the company so you must be a person that likes to only take direction and not use your brain to pitch in.","Banker","Current Employee","MD","June 22, 2018","3.0"
"Demanding","come in early to do night drop and balance ATM(s) clean area by doors opening at 9 am Assist clients in various needs. Exchanging with others to cover Lobby for Lobby Engagement practices (if you had proper employees to allow this) Take a lunch making sure line and desks are covered. After lunch repeat the morning activities along with anything you may have to follow up on after having your conversations with clients and determining needs. then balance drawer, and card machine and unjam the ATM make sure all security measures are maintained at ALL times.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 22, 2018","3.0"
