4900,"Fun job but little room for advancement","I enjoy my position with the company on a daily basis. The problem that I am having is advancement within my current department. There just aren't positions available and the ladder is very short. However, I would definitely recommend this position to young outgoing sales personalities as a great position.","Sales Ambassador","Current Employee","USA","September 22, 2015","4.0"
4901,"Great corporation to work for.","The most enjoyable part of my job was working with my co-workers. There was a lot of variety in what I did each day. The hardest part of the job was the extensive amount of changes everyday. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a large corporation.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2015","5.0"
4902,"It was great as RBC","I was an RBC employee and then this bank purchased our bank. I absolutely hated working for them and they knew it. All RBC employees hated them and they slowly tried to get fire us all. I was one of the blessed ones I was able to walk away with another job.","Vault Teller II","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","September 21, 2015","2.0"
4903,"good place to work","good place to work and friendly environment. there were lots of changes that took place while I was there. I worked on multiple projects while employed there.","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 21, 2015","3.0"
4904,"Great atmosphere and friendly people!!","It is a great company to work for!! There is a lot of opportunity to grow there if you want to. The management and my co-workers were very friendly","ATM Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland OH","September 20, 2015","5.0"
4905,"Fun place to work as long as you are willing to work","I was a financial consultant,csa and teller. my branch in particular had a fun environment due to the team. the company is HUGE on customer service. Its all about taking the extra step. To much work for the pay that is received.","Universal banker","Former Employee","New jersey","September 19, 2015","4.0"
4906,"Good Company but need more promotion from with in.","Overall this bank as a company is not bad to work for. But once you get in to certain positions it is hard to advance from with in or move on to areas that are more interesting.","Operations Work Leader II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, pa","September 19, 2015","3.0"
4907,"Very Driven and productive atmosphere.","You are open to work at your own pace on your pipeline to meet monthly exceptions. With the role at the bank, you will learn loan processing and develop great customer service skills. The staff is very friendly and helpful towards each other to work as a team. The hardest part of the job may be all the different systems to preform duties, but once you master learning...you will manage to go back and forth very quick. The best part of the job, is that I actually get to reach out to customers to help save them money or help them with their hardship.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 19, 2015","3.0"
4908,"good resume builder","great to build resume.. good for recent grads. low base pay. goals are somewhat attainable but in order to get decent payout, you'll need some luck !","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","MD","September 18, 2015","3.0"
4909,"Working at the branch","I had a good experience working for this bank but I felt that employees were not valued enough. It was time to move on and find something else.","Retail Banking Associate","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","September 18, 2015","3.0"
4910,"Best part of my job","The best part of my job is to help the sales team and customer in making sure the services that the customer has request to be setup are accomplished in a timely manner. I enjoy making both internal and external happy.","Senior Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 17, 2015","4.0"
4911,"Overall its a good place to start a career","Best job i ever had it's extremly demanding as an in-store consultant however the payouts are amazing and its worth it .. very long hours!!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","September 16, 2015","3.0"
4912,"this bank"," this bank is a very different bank. Every year of tuition reimbursement requires three more years of service or you will need to pay it back.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Euclid, OH","September 16, 2015","4.0"
4913,"A very enjoyable place to work and learned a lot working in the International Department","My day consists of scheduling meeting, conferences, travel arrangements order supplies and doing expense reports. The typical day always changed. Left this bank to relocate out of Pittsburgh since I spent most of my working career downtown.","Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 16, 2015","5.0"
4914,"Exposure to the Corporate world and clients","This role introduced me to the relocation business and allowed me to start interacting with many different Fortune 500 clients.","Marketing Associate","Former Employee","Lombard, IL","September 16, 2015","3.0"
4915,"It is an okay job."," this bank is an okay job. The most enjoyable part of the job was working along with my colleagues and learning from them. Management could diffidently be better in my opinion.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","September 15, 2015","1.0"
4916,"Innovative and Caring Company"," this bank has taken on the challenge of growing demand for technology, the need for ease in banking all while keeping a personal relationship with each customer as the company continues grow. As an employee and customer I am proud to provide and share these services each day. A typical day includes filling up each second with customer contact and simplifying their questions, comments and concerns with answers.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 14, 2015","4.0"
4917,"Excellent place to work for advancement and great benefits.","A typical day at work involved meeting of deadlines by processing deposits for large companies and corporations. I learned many different things while I worked there such as data entry, also how to manage deadlines and also management of co-workers. The hardest part of the job was when we had an over abundance of work, few people and deadlines to meet. The best part of the job was the satisfaction in completing the work under these restraints.","Lead Clerk III","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 14, 2015","5.0"
4918,"Loved the atmosphere!","Great serving job! Loved the management and other employees. Had so much fun at work. When I was there it was very short staffed. Hoping that has since been fixed","Customer Sales Associate","Current Employee","Warren, OH","September 14, 2015","4.0"
4919,"Good Culture and people","Greeat Company to work for and opportunity for advancement. Plenty of different roles within the bank industry to find something enjoyable .","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2015","4.0"
4920,"Not the best place to work not the worst","Seemingly very little room for advancement. Genuinely good candidates are overlooked and more work is created than necessary by having to train new hires from zero background instead of pulling people currently working at company","Senior Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2015","1.0"
4921,"Sales driven and customer friendly","A typical at work includes assisting customers with their banking needs. Identifying ways that benefit customers with their financial well being. Working as a team player to drive one common goal.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pontiac, MI","September 13, 2015","4.0"
4922,"great work place","great work place, really liked my manager, liked my co workers, loved helping the customers, was my first job in banking and i really enjoyed working for this bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Elgin, IL","September 13, 2015","5.0"
4923,"Customer Service Representative","Fast paced environment, constantly learning new functions and supports various product groups to help service the customer in a timely manner. Primarily responsible for servicing corporate clients and business clients that have Treasury Management products. The management team is very supportive and provides a monthly review of your job performance. Co-workers are great and really live up to the word team player. The hardest part of the job would be keeping up with the influx of calls that 'roll over' to the department, but self-rewarding when you take ownership of the call to service the customer. The most enjoyable part of the job is providing exceptional customer service to the external customer and or the internal service partner. Overall, the company is growing and offers a lot to their employees.","Client Care Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 13, 2015","4.0"
4924,"Great co workers","The best part of my day was my co workers they were very supportive with helping me at the beginning. The branch I was working in needs a whole new team of management. They were very negative and selfish not understanding at all. Weren't professional with the staff. Threatens your job every chance they got very miserable people they are. The pay was very low pay 9.57hr for a lot of work. Work 9 hours only get a half hour break but the managers work 9 hours they get 45 minutes. Six day work week never have time for anything else but work no overtime they make sure they stretch your hours over the 6 days.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2015","1.0"
4925,"Customer sales and service","Enhanced my skills of handling diverse people. Very interesting place to work. My co workers are very nice. Even though I like working here, there is not many opportunities for advancement in the area of my study.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Lower Nazareth","September 12, 2015","4.0"
4926,"Employees best interest is on the bottom of their list. All they care about are the #'s","Management only looks out for themselves. All they care about are the numbers and hitting the insights button to ensure we're having the this bank conversation with every client. They set unrealistic expectations for workers. There will only be 2 or 3 tellers on a busy day and have the line out the door, and expect you to still try and sell a credit card to someone who is frustrated for waiting in line for almost 20 minutes. Extremely frustrating!!! They're now beginning to push out people who make an average salary of $30,000 a year to give their position to someone who is younger and will do the job for less. Where is the loyalty behind that!!!","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hamilton, NJ","September 12, 2015","1.0"
4927,"Community Bank","Typical banking structure for the Northern Virginia area. Many locations that offer flexibility of work location. Benefits are on par with other banks in the region.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","McLean, VA","September 11, 2015","2.0"
4928,"fun and productive work environment","Working at this bank is challenging but extremely rewarding and a lot of fun. There are a lot of learning and ways you can put skills into place that you build throughout your work life. Overall this bank is a great place to work and very enjoyable to be employed there.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Louisville,KY, 40245","September 10, 2015","4.0"
4929,"Good company, great benefits","Banking isn't what it used to be. Spent a lot of time this last year with not much to do but wait for customers to come in. this bank has a great online and mobile experience, if I didn't work there I would never go to a bank again! Customers love doing banking without the need for a teller which explains the lack of customers.","Teller II","Current Employee","Lancaster County, PA","September 10, 2015","5.0"
4930,"No review","I have not worked at this bank Merchant Services in a number of years, so it would not be appropriate for me to offer a review. I do know that many sales representatives who were there at the same time I worked there have moved on to other employment.","Merchant Services Sales Representative","Former Employee","Iselin, NJ","September 8, 2015","2.0"
4931,"Fun atmosphere. Customers become like family, however pay is low.","Not much opportunity to advance with a company who promotes from the outside but I love being a banker. the customers are the greatest.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","dayton oh","September 8, 2015","3.0"
4932,"Great place to start career in banking."," this bank has a great work culture and it is great for a person who is beginning there career in banking. The ability to advance is great and they are willing to train you so you can grow. The only con is the compensation and working weekends.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati","September 7, 2015","3.0"
4933,"Productive workplace","It was a great place for me to gain many of the customer service skills I still use today. The culture feels like family and there is ample opportunity to grow and expand your future due to the company's size.","Teller","Former Employee","Brighton and Howell","September 5, 2015","4.0"
4934,"What I learned"," this bank does not work well at all with students. Do not like when students need different availability during fall even though you are part time. They are nice people when you say yes to everything, but once they see that you are busy and cannot say yes, they change.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Macungie, PA","September 4, 2015","3.0"
4935,"I enjoyed my interaction with my customers and working with colleagues that made it a fun place to work."," this bank offered great Employee Benefits which included 401K ; incentives, insurance options. It was a fast paced environment with high goal and compliance expectations. It however, has a high employee turn around which made it challenging to have a Job Work and Life balance.","Branch Operational Leader","Current Employee","Grayslake Illinois","September 4, 2015","5.0"
4936,"Have a plan if you are going to work here","For technical positions it has been my experience that this bank is great at allowing time to work from home, and having a work balance that generally allows people to stick to a 40 hour work week. This does come at the cost of nearly non-existent opportunities for advancement within the company, extremely antiquated technology, and highly dogmatic practices that requires a board of upper level managers to review and approval any code change (including 1-line code changes). For these reasons it appears the best employees for this culture are people looking for a secure opportunity that will last them until retirement. Anyone with hopes of career advancement in the technical industry working here must take it upon themselves to ensure they are working on the right type and quantity of projects, and right types of technology, to keep their skills marketable in this antiquated and highly bureaucratic system.","Senior Software Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2015","2.0"
4937,"Branch Manager","You know when you are viewing 5 different reports in order to make another report things are getting out of hand. Not enough time to deal with customers and employees because of all the busy work, redundant reporting and endless conference calls and meetings. Focus on the important things and leave the busy work behind. Too many layers of management trying to justify their positions by creating more reports to do.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 3, 2015","3.0"
4938,"this bank Call Center","Great place to work and is really there for their employees when needed. Great work environment and will work with you to help you understand and to perfect your skills for the job.","Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 3, 2015","4.0"
4939,"Busy and productive workplace","Working here I have learned all of the bank regulations. On a typical day I would have a drawer, and assist customers with currency, checks, change of address, and open accounts. On down time, I would make phone calls. Th co-workers are wonderful, I have worked at numerous branches and everyone is so pleasant.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Caldwell, NJ","September 2, 2015","4.0"
4940,"Productive and fun workplace","A typical day at work is filled with smiling faces and employees ready to assist customers. I learned the banking system and how to identify a financial need and/or benefitfor clients. The most enjoyable part is the customers and getting to know them financially and personally. The hardest part is closing every night and working every Saturday.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 2, 2015","4.0"
4941,"Working with my peers","I enjoy working with my peers that make my day delightful and willing to help others on a daily basis is the reason why I enjoy my job everyday.","Customer Service Team Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 1, 2015","4.0"
4942,"this bank is a good place to work for but, lacks advancement.","If you have a poor manager it will be difficult to build your skills, advance, and it can be difficult at time to work with other individuals.","Methods and Procedural Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2015","2.0"
4943,"Work","Your day can go from dull to busy in the blink of an eye. With time you learn what days are going to be busy and hopefully things can be adjusted. Customers can be demanding but I have learned that there are three types. The first is the accepting of their mistakes and are just looking for explanation as to why. When you fix their problem are great full. There's the it's your fault and nothing you can do makes them happy. Then there's the what can you do for me. Employees, including management have become a culture of watching out for number one at whatever cost. Lately this bank has become a company that see's you as the amount of widgets you bring in not an individual no matter how hard you work","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lakewood, Ohio","September 1, 2015","4.0"
4944,"Great team of teller and front line associates","The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them. Business wasn't very busy except the day before a major holiday.","Teller","Former Employee","New York, NY","September 1, 2015","4.0"
4945,"The establishment itself was very professional","A typical day at work was counting my drawer and assisting customers with transactions. I learned a lot about funds and transactions, management was very professional and understanding. My co-workers were very helpful and kind.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
4946,"Good place to work","I worked here for roughly a year and a half, it was a good place to work at first then it became too stressful because of the short staff.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Ellwood City, PA","August 31, 2015","1.0"
4947,"Productive","The project was to design and develop a Portfolio Management System for this banking and Financial Services Business. The system provides enhanced Business Process Management (BPM), new Portfolio Reporting System for High Net worth Clients and Credit Risk Management. Earned Good Experience in financial domain related skills.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
4948,"Life at work","I work in a tight nit branch. I have been lucky to call this bank my home for the past five years. In working as a teller, I have learned many things. I have learned the value of helping customers achieve their finical goals. I have learned the key to a successful work environment is helping one another. In a typical 8-hour workday I have the opportunity to relate to the customers I have gotten to know over the years and see how their weekend was, and what the coming weeks is bringing them. Being a positive person is key in making my work environment enjoyable.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Jefferson, MD","August 31, 2015","5.0"
4949,"Jack of all trades","Constant increasing expectations without compensation to match. Overall decent company but expectations always conflicting between time to work on investment piece of business and requirements to fill buckets on bank side.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","USA","August 31, 2015","4.0"
