5050,"Eh","under-staffed and underpaid. company was about client services and then it became more about suggesting and selling things this bank wanted not what the client needed.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","VA","July 22, 2015","3.0"
5051,"Great hours, flexible schedules, great experience in the financial world"," this bank has allowed we to grow, provided me with the education I needed coming from traditional retail to banking. A great company to gain experience from. I like that this bank is involved with local communities, especially like the Grow UP Great program partnered with Sesame Street. I can say I'm proud of where I work. Do not offer competitive salaries for branch positions, much lower than other banks of comparable size.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","July 21, 2015","4.0"
5052,"Relationship Manager for business customers","Spend days doing book reviews, executing on sales and follow up. Work with many internal partners on additional sale opportunities. Customer service is big part of job as well as sales for TM, merchant and loans.","Business Banker","Current Employee","cleveland ohio","July 21, 2015","5.0"
5053,"Decent Company to work for.","My experience here has been pretty positive. Diversity is seen and if in the right department you brush shoulders with move makers.","Risk","Current Employee","Pittsurgh, PA","July 20, 2015","4.0"
5054,"not fair Compensation","limited growth and pay, advancement is limited andvery slow during the selection. Too big for its own good people are retiring and leaving in large numbers who have been there for years","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 20, 2015","3.0"
5055,"Solid Bank","Great bank to work for but management can be chalenging. They do not pla ce the right people in the management role; people who have been financial services producers in the past. The bank does a very good job of recognizing acheivments.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Marriottsville, MD","July 20, 2015","3.0"
5056,"Great workplace, they really care about their employees"," this bank creates a great workplace for their employees. Everyday is different yet challenging. Their is always room for advancement. At times, client problem resolution can be challenging but this bank always assisted in solutions to the best of their ability. Every branch I have worked in my co-workers were very happy engaged employees. Upper management was always an e-mail away and here to help.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Campbell, OH","July 20, 2015","5.0"
5057,"Typcial Day at Work","Was able greet and handle cash handling issue with each customer who came in to the branch. I enjoyed that job very much, but the monetary portion is what made my decision to look for other avenues to find work.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville Road, Louisville, KY","July 20, 2015","4.0"
5058,"Great Job! Rewarding at times","Cool Place to work, Great benefits, Satisfaction gained from helping people save their homes from foreclosure. The job can be stressful at times when volumes are high and deadlines are near.Co worker are pretty cool.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 20, 2015","4.0"
5059,"Good bank, not a great place to work.","- Sales culture was extremely aggressive - Bottom line driven - Colleagues were enjoyable to work with. - Young and fast paced environment.","Relationship Manager II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 19, 2015","2.0"
5060,"Bank with a lot of cross functional opportunity within Retail Divisions","Management launches many campaigns without fully completing prior objectives. Needs to have a more standardized methodology to launching company priorities Good opportunity to get exposed to different lines of business. True belief system in providing a sense of financial well being to it's customers Look for opportunities to increase penetration rate for investment clients within bank's book and outside of book.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","July 19, 2015","3.0"
5061,"Micro management , very poor training , nice offices , very clicky, in underwriting not one manager / team does anything the same or any of the center","Very poor training~I was a temporary senior underwriter employee hired in to help with the back flow of underwriting ! Everything I was told by the recruiter was not true/ or correct! It was somewhat of a BATE and SWITCH technique! Travel was a cluster mess - hotels were supposed to be paid for when we checked in ~ they were not we had to pay for two weeks of a hotel stay and get reimbursed - which recruiter and manager said it would ALL be paid for! MICRO management is not the word ( and I was a remote employee! My manager was a very pushy rushing person who did not take any time to explain anything - just thought that the one week in impact traing (system) would be enough - which would be if it was properly done! My former manager cannot keep an in office employee at all she has lost three employees in three weeks ( I was told ) and one girl left bc manager told her she got up out of her seat too much ( mind you she was using bathroom and getting water and making phone calls on breaks to her newborn daughter who was being watched ) and yet she was hitting her numbers and completing all work at a timely manner! Not one of the managers or teams or operation centers do anything the same - others rec'd better training depending what team you were on! Worst bank I have ever worked for ! I've been underwriting for over ten years and in the mortgage banking business for 19 years ! I was treated like a child im 40 years old !!! Pay was ok - but they hired temp employees at same skill level and paid everyone different wages people sitting in the office are making almost 9$ less than - more...","Senior underwriting","Former Employee","Jacksonville , Florida ( remote )","July 16, 2015","2.0"
5062,"Teller","Love the job and the people that work with me. The only thing I didn't like about the job was the pay. Everyone got along and it was a great place to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Covington, KY","July 16, 2015","4.0"
5063,"A typical quibicle job","Mostly about numbers, not so much of the persona treatment at work. Management is good to work with. Benefits are worse than before; cut in insurance plans. Not many if at all opportunities to advance","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 15, 2015","3.0"
5064,"Great Company"," this bank is a great company at which to be an employee. My only complaint is that the extremely risk-averse policies can sometimes be a barrier to making progress.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 15, 2015","4.0"
5065,"Very Deceptive Company","Be wary about starting a career with this company! I was an employee for two years. Started as a CSA which turned into a Universal Branch Consultant. The amount of work that is put on you is nothing less than stressful to the point of needing a psychologist. There are before hours conference calls, and mandatory after hours cold calling. You are NOT in the best interest of the customer. You are stressed because of CIQ (Customers rating of how well you kissed their butt), and managerial lack of engagement. When I asked for a raise to the Regional Manger (due to all the responsibilty I had taken on in the past year), I was told...'I guess you should have negotiated better when you started, huh?' That was the true this bank coming out...A few months later I was discharged for no reason at all. They seriously are out for profit, not to help customers financially. They left a family that day with no income, but much better off now!","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Michigan","July 15, 2015","1.0"
5066,"horrible company","the whole company was awful from the first day I started I started looking for another job. I hated all of it. only 2 people were nice. and the customers were terrible manager was a troll. hardest part of my job. Smiling best part, locking the door and leaving.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Minerva, OH","July 15, 2015","1.0"
5067,"Community Culture"," this bank is about work life and home life balance. They are a 'pay it forward' kind of company and are an active supporter of the United Way. They are one of the top companies to work for, for women as well.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 14, 2015","5.0"
5068,"Consistent and Customer Friendly"," this bank generally is all about 5 star service to its clients and maintaining brand consistency within the this bank footprint. A typical day for me would be operating as a Teller, Personal Banker and Staff Support. I have to wear many hats as a Customer Service Associate. Managements job primarily is to make sure that all goals are met regarding sales & customer service scores. In addition to ensuring that policy and procedures are being followed at all times. Everything is very team oriented with regards to both wins and losses as a branch. Therefore, a morning huddle is done each day to ensure that the branch team is on the same page. I have learned how to seriously multitask and continuously learn how to prioritize according to urgency. Some challenges may have included dealing with needy or disgruntled customers on occasions. Nevertheless, when I see that someone has truly been blessed by my services that definitely puts a smile on my face. At the end of the day if me doing my job made someone else's life better that is a great reward.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Greenbelt, MD","July 14, 2015","4.0"
5069,"Good experience","Position provides great investment experience and plenty of networking opportunities. Management seems to be in constant cost cutting mode and are just now trying to build company culture.","Investment Sales and Service Coordinator","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 13, 2015","3.0"
5070,"Great work environment, love the customers and my co workers","Everyday is different. I go to work assist customers, talk to them as if they are my family. They ask about my family and I ask about theirs. Every week I am in charge of balancing the ATM, as well as every month I order the branch supplies. I love my co-workers, they are my other family. There really is not a hard part about my job. The most enjoyable part about my job is seeing my customers and getting to know them on a personal level. My job is located in a small town so everyone sticks together.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","July 13, 2015","5.0"
5071,"Great place to work","Answer phones, count vault, have meetings about getting non customers to open accounts, different scenarios to better customer service","Teller","Former Employee","Crisfield, MD","July 13, 2015","5.0"
5072,"Good Place to work"," this bank has a good work/life balance and decent benefits. Good place to start in the financial world too with the ability to move up","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2015","3.0"
5073,"exciting work place","good communication by management and team between bar and restaurant as well. Had bands on the weekends and made for a very exciting work day and night.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 13, 2015","4.0"
5074,"little room to grow","I worked for this bank for many years and through the years, I could see that the culture was changing as the bank was growing. The focus was more on sales and less on employee engagement. To me, it is important to work for a company who values their employees just as much as their revenue because we are the frontline individuals who are helping the bank grow and prosper through our every day interactions with clients.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","July 13, 2015","3.0"
5075,"a really solid bank to work for","-learn a lot, challenged everyday. -people are competent. -management is fairly strong, people you can look up to and learn from for the most part. -people are proud to work for the brand which has a nice image","AVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 12, 2015","4.0"
5076,"Productive atmoshphere and fun"," this bank bought and sold mortgages, for the most part my job was approving easements for the city, if work needed to be done by the city I had to make sure there was enough equity in the home before allowing this. My co-workers all had other jobs so I didn't get to interact a lot but all were very nice. There was so much to this position I didn't get the chance to learn the hard vs good. I left there to work for Abbott.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","July 12, 2015","4.0"
5077,"Many changes from day to day","A good place to work, but much turnover in the WM department. There also was much confusion since the bank N merge had just occurred. I believe it was a bad timing when I started there and a reason for this lack luster review.","Sales and Service Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2015","3.0"
5078,"Management is uncertian of what they are doing","Upper Management is uncertain of what they are doing, massive changes and overspending lead to hiring / pay freezes. The potential for movement used to exist, no longer much of a possibility","SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","OH","July 9, 2015","3.0"
5079,"Productive and learning ground.","Always a good day start. New technology. Timely management. Work culture is Friendly. Non, as long as you love your work. The challenges","Data Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2015","4.0"
5080,"Solid company with a good foundation.","Clear guidelines and ample opportunity for growth. Worked in the north east region. Good bonus structure. Plenty of other incentives as well.","MD","Former Employee","Anne Arundel, MD","July 8, 2015","5.0"
5081,"Fast paced with many changes often daily","Leads the teller line daily with cash management and sales referrals. The teller supervisor work hand in hand with the branch manager on a daily basis.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","July 8, 2015","4.0"
5082,"Financial Sales Consultant","- Ten Plus Hours per Day. - Financial Sales and Consumer Banking. - Great Management. - Reliable Co Worker - Hours and Flexibility Sales","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Largo, MD","July 8, 2015","5.0"
5083,"Great Company","I have 21 experience with this bank and it's a great company to work for. I've been in serval different departments throughout my career with the company","Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2015","5.0"
5084,"N/a","• Opening/closing of personal and business accounts including but not limited to checking, savings. CD's and IRA's. Taking applications for personal and business loans including credit cards, lines of credit, and auto loans. Handling customer's financial accounts on a daily basis. Balance currency, coin, and checks in cash drawers at ends of shifts, and calculate daily transactions. Handle customer's daily needs with withdrawals, deposits, and balancing of their bank accounts. Also responsible for sales of new or improved products that this bank offers.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","July 7, 2015","4.0"
5085,"Adustment clerk","Audit and research and correction of individual, corporate and federal reserve checks. Internal and external customer relations.","Adjustment Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh Pa","July 7, 2015","5.0"
5086,"Productive","My typical day was taking care customers, working closely with my co-workers. Going outside the branch to get new relationships.","Customer Service Employment","Former Employee","Orland Park, IL","July 6, 2015","5.0"
5087,"Excellent Place to work"," this bank is an excellent employer. The management is style is exceptional. I'm provided with everything I needed in the high energy Loan Modification department.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 6, 2015","5.0"
5088,"Gradifing","I loved all my customers I got a chance to meet and get to know some great people. It allowed me to not only make great friends but help them organize the finances. I worked with a great bunch of people I miss taco Tues.","Teller","Former Employee","Pikesvile MD","July 6, 2015","5.0"
5089,"Really care about the children in our communities","I regret it did not work out, but I moved into a wrong position and could not return to what I was best suited for. I wanted to return to Branch Management and did apply, but for not the right areas.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","North Palm Beach, FL","July 6, 2015","5.0"
5090,"interactive and productive","Engaging with my customers and meeting their needs is the best part of my job. I learn something new every day at my job.Knowing that others trust me with their financial well being gave me a great pleasure to continue to do the best at work everyday.","Full-Time Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Hopewell NJ","July 5, 2015","5.0"
5091,"Poor Management"," this bank has the best processing system in the industry however management is horrible. The pay is decent but if you like being micro managed this is the place to go.","Mortgage Operations Processor III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 5, 2015","3.0"
5092,"Great work-life balance","Generally stress-free work environment but compensation is below market. There is not too much emphasis on higher education, the CFA exams are not reimbursed.","Derivative Products Group","Current Employee","Houston, TX","July 4, 2015","3.0"
5093,"Great place to work, as if family.","Very happy working there, easy going staff and environment. Hope to find a place like that again. Forward- thinking, team driven, focused on customer service, add value and excellence.","FULL-TIME TELLER / BACK UP TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 3, 2015","5.0"
5094,"a great place to work","I enjoyed working a this bank Mortgage very much. They are very employee orientated. They were very supportive and helpful when a problem arose while working my processess. If I had a question they were very helpful in getting me an answer","Document Retrieval Processor - Requested","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 3, 2015","5.0"
5095,"this bank","A great place to work. They are family oriented and understand your life needs. I have learned so much working here and continue to learn.","Teller","Current Employee","Delton, MI","July 2, 2015","4.0"
5096,"Good at Job Work/LIfe Balance Poor on Compensation","How I was told the job would be when hired vs. how it is today 2 years later is totally different. The level of undue stress due to lack of upper management direction tends to overshadow the benefits of work/life balance. Then when you find out that you are 20k under paid vs. the industry average it is really hard to find a motivation to stay.","IT Business Solution Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 2, 2015","2.0"
5097,"Not a great company to work for.","- At this bank, the training was really bad. The content of the CSR's and Branch employees is almost nonexistent - PPO medical insurance is all that is offered - Schedule SUCKS!!! You never get 2 days off in a row. That's tiring after a while The employee assessments were pretty much made up of weekly call scoring. The process is not consistent and was just a horrible process this bank thinks pretending to be nice on the phone is a good way to cover up our lack of knowledge. I am a type of person that loves to help people when I can, this bank's policies and lack to content training makes it almost impossible to give great customer service. They rant on and on about confidence on calls, confidence to this bank is making stuff up on the phone to sound like truth. I've had coaches tell me to get better at making stuff up I HATED working there. I left before a year because I couldn't stomach working for such an incompetent corporation. I've worked at Bank of America before and LOVED it. If you want to work for a bank, choose another one to apply to. Be warned. There are a lot of middle (little) men at this bank Poor training, hours, benefits, and customer services. Period!","Core Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 2, 2015","1.0"
5098,"A good stepping stone job","This job taught me a lot about the industry and how to work with people regarding personal finances. The job expectations are clear and the company provides recognition for hard work and accomplishments.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","July 1, 2015","4.0"
5099,"My professional opinion- this bank cares about credibility"," this bank Rewards Performance, should make stock holders happy. Upholds a professional culture. I enjoy being able to serve as a contribution. Upper management encourages employee feedback. this bank strives thru change. My favorite part about working for this bank is by far the leadership examples. And it is by example, that one earns credibility.","Team Leader","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","July 1, 2015","4.0"
