"Work from home was great!","I love the work from home schedule. But they need to invest on the job training and management training. Management only cares about the company not employee.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Grove, IL","April 18, 2019","3.0"
"Great Place","Love working here. Great work life balance. Internal advancement opportunities are great if you work hard. I've always had amazing managers and coworkers.","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","April 18, 2019","4.0"
"Good People","There were a lot of nice and knowledgeable people who were willing to help teach new employees. Some of the management were good to work for, but there were some exceptions.","Technical Support Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 17, 2019","3.0"
"Good Place To work","Great Job Work/Life Balance. One of the Company's that pay very competitively. Management could use some work but over fine. Also great benefits for those with family/single","Teller","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","April 16, 2019","5.0"
"Great Job","Job is great.Management isn't the best. They push numbers and are phasing out Tellers. At my branch people stay in their position for long term leaving little room for advancement.","Teller","Current Employee","Mableton, GA","April 16, 2019","2.0"
"Loved working with people","Answered call went over balances, deposits, withdrawals, on line banking. Debit card Fraud bank transactions. I learned how to go over bank transaction. Workplace was a large open call center where I sat beside other employees. The hardest thing was telling people they had a negative balance.","CARD SERVICE CONSULTANT I","CALL CENTER","Whitehall, OH","April 16, 2019","5.0"
"Learned a lot about how to sale","When i first got hired to work for this bank i didn't know how to sale. But, as time went on i began to get better at being a sales associate and learning the techniques of how how to sale through coachings.","Teller I","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 16, 2019","5.0"
"A go to work environment","This is an establishment that will help you grow and develop many professional traits and skills. The culture of the employees along with the ongoing training pushes employees to excel in their careers.","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","April 15, 2019","5.0"
"Meet A Lot of New People","A typical day in the retail banking entails a great detail of interaction with clients. Staff may build rapport with clients who frequently visits their particular location.","Inbound Loan Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 15, 2019","2.0"
" this bank Laid Me Off For No Good Reason"," this bank Laid Me Off For No Good Reason, but it's ok because they're a big corporation and sometimes it be like that. It really do. I'm still working for the man.","Default Strategy Team","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 15, 2019","2.0"
"Ok","OK place to work at. If a developer is used to taking additional pressure then this is the place to come and work. Apart from pressure rest everything is fine. People tend to extend their contracts on a very regular basis.","Angular Develoepr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 15, 2019","3.0"
"Great place","My manager made the branch feel like home. I had many opportunities to grow as professional. I was promoted based on my work ethic, demeanor and production. Basically, if someone put the work, this bank will recognize","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Former Employee","Raritan, NJ","April 15, 2019","5.0"
"Eh","Nothing, but politics. All they care about are credit card sales, not the individuals they have working for them. If you come in from outside of this bank, your pay will be a lot better than being there for a long time and moving up. Only positive I have is maternity leave is 10 weeks + 6 weeks parental time.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 14, 2019","3.0"
"Good Experience","I have had experience being the interim manager for my branch, so I am familiar with handling the logistics side of operating a branch, in terms of: ordering funds for the cash processes from our vendor, ordering supplies for the branch, as well as making sure our files and procedures were being followed and adhered to at all times.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","April 14, 2019","3.0"
"High Pressure Sales","Constant pressure to sell and make cold calls. Excessive reporting , micro managing. Constant staff shortages. Training embarrassingly lacking; focus is on sales conversation but poor product and process training. Lots of online training modules but no time to complete it.","BSSA","Former Employee","Michigan","April 13, 2019","3.0"
"Good company","Company is good to their employees. a lot of advancement available. work pace is fast. They train well before they place you. A lot of company inclusion.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 12, 2019","4.0"
"The job","This job was not recent and couldn't rate it. A lot has changed both locations I worked at. Management has changed and so has the face of this bank. The way they do banking isn't the same as it was almost 5 years ago.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","April 11, 2019","3.0"
"Excellent managers thats will to help with everyday projects and goals","Timeframe for advancement dwindled away over time. New hires would start at same level as senior reps. The most recented promotions were given to rrps with less experience and time with company.","Senior Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2019","4.0"
"Not a good place to work if you have anytyme of mental disability","I worked for this bank for 5 months and was bullied the whole time working there. I was scold about things that their own employees for more then 2 years were violating. The training is horrible and if they didn't like you that was even worst. They leave you in the middle of transactions you don't know how to complete and then blame you for making the mistake when the head teller didn't show you how to complete it. All she did was click things on my computer without showing me how its done and when I asked for help they always had an attitude. I learned about important cash limits 4 months into my employment. The other tellers all did things that violated this bank policies and when I made the mistake I was yelled at when I was just doing what everyone else does due to lack of training. I had a Panic attack in the middle of a transaction because once again they left me with something I wasn't trained in and got yelled at by my manager on why am I crying and why cant I calm down . That made my panic attack worst so I had to walk out of the branch. There is a lot of gossip going around and favoritism","Bank Teller","Former Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","April 11, 2019","2.0"
"Good place to work.","Just stay on their good side and out of trouble and you will succeed. Follow the rules, and do as you are specifically told. A good place to work otherwise","Call Center Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 9, 2019","4.0"
"Fun and Challenging Opportunities","My time at this bank has been unforgettable. I'm thankful for having been provided the opportunity to provide quality service to such an enthusiastic company.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 9, 2019","4.0"
"Stressful, long hours, low pay","As a teller supervisor, you are expected to not only do your role but those of the assistant manager and manager as well. But for just about the same pay as a teller. There is NO work-life balance. And If you have small children, this company is not the place for you. Being short staffed, you have to work open to close, six days a week. But then when you end up with overtime, it's an issue.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 9, 2019","2.0"
"Amazing Company"," this bank gave me the opportunity to grow to a better individual I am today. It had great benefits for its employees and it valued hard working employees. this bank is a great company to work for if you are looking for growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 8, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to learn multiple roles if there is opportunity and openings. Good benefits and decent compensation. Great fast paced atmosphere which made days go quickly.","TELLER","Former Employee","Butler, PA","April 8, 2019","3.0"
"Solid company","most enjoyable part of the job are the clients and co workers. The issues are that management is unclear about it's place in the retail world. Unable to balance fee generation vs services offered and chooses not to compete with regional competitors.It has a focus on sales culture but lacks the service component. Clients consistently change due to lack of understanding and assistance with services.","Business Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","April 8, 2019","3.0"
"Motivated company","Motivated company with great benefits, compensation and recognition. Company promotes a good work / life balance, while promoting career advancement within.","Deposit Account Exception Review Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 7, 2019","4.0"
"Laid back work atmosphere, core values were great","Handled many things with clients in regard to their money. Ran basic teller transactions, dealt with loans, mortgages, insurance, and wire transfers. Built a book of business and cold called clients","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Avon, OH","April 7, 2019","5.0"
"former employee - BSSA","one of the worst if not THE worst places I have ever worked in my life. The 'management' was a joke. I was told, in front of my fellow co-workers and customers that I was 'a liar, couldn't do anything right, couldn't admit to wrong doings' etc. I was 'excused' when confronting this 'management' about my issues with how I was being treated and I actually took the first job that came my way with a severe pay cut because I could not take it anymore. I almost walked out twice and I have never walked out of a job in my life. This company is a joke. I tell customers and future employers to run don't walk away from this place. no good will come from your time here.","Service Advisor","Former Employee","Branchburg, NJ","April 7, 2019","1.0"
"worst place I've worked in 40 years","continually increasing workload, little or no raises, paid sinificantly below midpoint of job range for 40 years experience, refused medical coverage. protocol changes with little or no direction","Application Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2019","1.0"
"If you want to get your foot in the door to something else or better to take somewhere else","No life balance Interference with personal and family life Poor hours and rotations Hideous system for bidding better shifts, holidays etc Lack of occasional absence for year timeframe. Entirely too many unnecessary systems etc to get the job done Job way too lenient for supervisors Analyst do the majority Have to clock your paychecks, claims and other means Expectations to high Expect you to tolerate and deal with rude and disrespectful customers they don't pay enough to be a punching bag They will review a call to find Anything possible to coach on when a customer complains we're in a business where they will always be a complain They make it hard with no peace of mind It's too stressful and a brain fryer People come and go only advancement is working at home which they will do the impossible to make sure you do not go home If home they will find a reason to bring you back The changes are ridiculous no weekends and holidays off The list is ongoing they can not match what I am a custom too salary wise it's a pay cut only good thing is benefits get in and get out once you have accomplished your goals, you can meet great people and develop great friendships!","Detective Investigator","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 7, 2019","1.0"
"Great atmosphere","Loved working at this bank, they made sure there was a great work life/ home life balance, pay was good, and the atmosphere there was always positive, highly recommended working there","Hybrid Core Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 6, 2019","4.0"
"great place to work","excellent for those post high school thru BA degrees. compensation for education above BA is unrecognized. A day of employment consist of 2 breaks/ 1 lunch. flexible scheduling based on department. Lots of training in bank servicing. Partially diverse. pushing for more diversity however it starts from the top > down; with a widespread of backgrounds!","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 5, 2019","5.0"
"Work life balance","Good place to work for family good hours with no weekends ability for time off for family appointments or kids events. Room for growth and good quality time for family","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Mancelona, MI","April 5, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible interview experience","The person conducting interview to work for this company from home was extremely rude and disrespectful. It was the first contact live I had with this company and it was over the phone. The first person you talk to in every company is like the letter of presentation of that company , it is like the welcome to that place, but if the 'welcome' is a really bad one, the first impression is 'you are not welcome here', so who would like to work at company like that? No one , right ? I think nobody deserves such mistreatment. I believe on being nice with people, not rude like her. And on top of that I received an email saying that I wasn't hired. So , I not only wasted my time but I had to go through such an awkward situation because I never experienced nothing like this before in any of the of companies I applied for.","None yet","Former Employee","at home","April 5, 2019","1.0"
"Very stimulating and intelligent group","Always lots of work to do and management pushes you to always do better. Very competitive environment with little opportunity for growth. Definitely a little more milder than investment banking for a bulge bracket.","Investment Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 4, 2019","4.0"
"Work Life Balance","I loved working for this bank, great company promoted work life balance, And allowed me to work remotely. I was able to focus on my pipeline and deliver my goal monthly","Remote","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 4, 2019","5.0"
"Culture is lacking","Culture is lacking and the pay is not desirable nor are the raises. Great benefits, vacation etc. Too many meetings and lack of concern and assist where needed.","Claims","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 4, 2019","4.0"
"Lo's stay away","If you are a loan officer stay away from this bank. They are a total mess on all fazes of the loan process and nobody who makes a salary gives a dam about LO's. No support at all from management.","Loan Originator","Former Employee","Plantation, FL","April 4, 2019","1.0"
"relaxed slow work place (Depends on you are)","Work is okay. The job is for someone who is good at selling and making referrals. If you are not good at selling, do not join the job. They pressure you to sell accounts and if you don't meet requirements, you risk getting fired. Strict company. Overall, work is slow at times but can get busy at times. Boring job. Sitting all day.","Teller","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","April 4, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Sales Assoc.","A typical work day consists of attempting to get business with your clients. You service them in the branch but the goal is to uncover more opportunities for financial business. My consultative selling skills have strengthened. The hardest part is winning business if a client is not looking for a particular product. The most enjoyable part is making a difference in someone's life with their finances.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Fanwood, NJ","April 3, 2019","4.0"
"Talent and job performance often overlooked","Good benefits and pay. Talent and job performance often overlooked and good employees are sacrificed for those whose performance and knowledge are lacking..","Default Litigation Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 3, 2019","2.0"
"Teller","I assisted customers with there daily transaction. I also would make suggestion on their financial needs as well as lobby engage. To make sure customer were assisted fast","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 3, 2019","3.0"
"Really love my job","There are a lot of things about a sales job to hate, but the coworkers, management support, benefits, and salary make it worth it. I don't like making sales calls, that's my biggest grievance!","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Gulf Shores, AL","April 2, 2019","4.0"
"Great benefits","Every job has its ups and downs so depending on which supervisor you get will determine your longevity for that position after you pass the initial initial training and probation you have your health benefits which are really great","Hazard Loss Claims","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 2, 2019","3.0"
"A great place to work.","The work culture is what you make of it. I love building client relationships and helping folks with their financial well being. The hardest park of the job is making sure that all procedures are followed to ensure the safety and well being of our clients and fellow employees.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Bloomsbury, NJ","April 2, 2019","5.0"
"Fun and easy going place","Very nice company, with great values and goals. Company is trying to find new and innovative ways to do business, but not all of them hep making job easy and productive.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Thiensville, WI","April 1, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work!","I love the environment and the people, just not the best fit for the moment. The environment is great and the benefits are exceptional and perfect for a full time employee.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","New Market, MD","March 30, 2019","5.0"
"Good Company","Good company great opportunity to advance as long as you do your job. your not micromanaged there and you have good managers there who have positive things to bring to your advancement & help you and look forward to do so. Wish I had not left. Good company!","CREDIT ANALYST III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 29, 2019","4.0"
"My job at this bank","I work in the Bankruptcy department at this bank, so there's not really a typical day. The reason being, is because no one customer's situation is the same. However, every day is a learning experience. Overall, I find joy in assisting customers in getting there life on track, post bankruptcy.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 28, 2019","4.0"
"High paced call center","The company itself is great!! Amazing benefits. The hours are horrible and posting out takes forever. Working from home is an option but you have to pay for the internet and phone. You are like a desk jockey and can hardly get up. The attendance policy is harsh.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2019","3.0"
"Flexible but behind the curve.","Pay is lower than the industry. Horrible management. Open environment was forced without consulting teams or a consulting firm leads to everyone getting sick. No privacy. Lockers like you are 12. Incompetent managers who don't support agile practices.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2019","2.0"
"Terrible","The organization and management are absolutely awful here, HR does absolutely nothing literally so worthless I am not sure why they even have an HR dept since they let low end managers make their own rules set even over the this bank policies put into place. Even when meeting goals you are constantly threatened about your job and needing to do better even as top performers. No encouragement whatsoever only negativity.","Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 27, 2019","1.0"
" this bank, great company to work for"," this bank is an awesome bank to work for. They truly car about their employees. They take the time to understand their unique situation. By allowing flexible working schedules and work from home options.","Mortgage Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 27, 2019","5.0"
"Great Employer","I have been with this bank since 2016 and I absolutely love it. Looking for something to do over night or even part time. I am hoping to find something that","Digital Analyst","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 27, 2019","5.0"
"Conservative company","i had a good an overall good experience working for this bank. The company cared about quality of life. My direct manager was available to help facilitate success","Underwriter 1","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 27, 2019","4.0"
"A good learning experience. Positive customer interactions. Good management.","I enjoyed working for this bank. It was valuable learning about banking procedures. The work atmosphere was relaxed. I left to pursue other job fields.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","March 27, 2019","5.0"
"Diverse Company"," this bank was a very diverse company to work for. The management was very involved and part of the team. My ability to work from home was a nice benefit to have.","Written Correspondence Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 26, 2019","4.0"
"Glad I am gone","Lots of favortism. Micromanaged. Expectations are not realistic. Raises are tiny. Negative environment overall. Every minute of your working day has to be accounted for and measured. Big brother is watching closely....","Do not care to share this info","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2019","2.0"
"A place where you can meet awesome people","A day in the life at this bank consists of assisting clients with their financial needs. Supervising and coaching teller team to be the best that they can be.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Willow Grove, PA","March 25, 2019","4.0"
"every location is different so get a fill for the manager","Some location * will leave unknown* but in Georgia is like working in Wayward Pines (look it up) Too much is left in the gray area as managers discretion. There were times we worked through the entire day with no lunch. Ive worked numerous times by myself as a teller which is definitely a security risk.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 25, 2019","1.0"
"Great Job over all.","It was a great job overall. Not particularly easy or hard. Customers could be challenging. The team at the branch was the best part of it all. Would have stayed longer if it wasn't for a personal change.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","West Mifflin, PA","March 24, 2019","4.0"
"Relaxed environment","The experienced bankers on UC's campus can become a little hostile when there is someone new and threatening around. But, overall it's not a bad place to work given you know the right people.","Student Ambassador","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 24, 2019","4.0"
"Nice work environment","Great company to work for. Although there was tremendous amount of stress for trying to achieve monthly and quarterly quota's, interactions with customers and my coworkers was a good experience. The overall environment made everything much more enjoyable. Excellent benefits upward mobility and many avenues to take within the company.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ","March 22, 2019","4.0"
"Great","Salary was okay but not as competitive as other places. The offered an option to work from home on occasion. My manager was fantastic. Most knowledgeable and willing to help without procrastinating.","CONVENTIONAL UNDERWRITER II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 22, 2019","5.0"
" this bank got too big and lost sight of the customer","Was a good place until changes in leadership. There is a lot of talk about taking care of the client and employee but somewhere from the top down it was lost.","Business Banking","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2019","2.0"
"Fun workplace, the atmosphere is inviting","I love this bank, unfit my time has come to an end with the company. I am a Competitive worker so for them to get rid of commission is totally unacceptable.","Pre Foreclosure Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 20, 2019","5.0"
"Average Level Company","Nothing significant to comment. Company culture is good and internal security program is robust. Various lines of businesses have good levels of executive leadership. Lower level management not as competent.","Security Operations Execution Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 20, 2019","3.0"
"Decent","New software package makes work miserable while they try to figured out how to fix it. Management is slow to make changes that can improve the job because there's so much corporate red tape they have to get through to make even small changes.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Illinois","March 20, 2019","3.0"
"Low pay and little chance for advancement","After 3 years at this bank you are no longer eligible for the management training program. So if management is your goal maybe look elsewhere. They only health insurance offered is a high deductible plan which is still around $100 a week/$200 a paycheck for a single person","Senior Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","March 20, 2019","2.0"
"Bad management is what drives employees away.","Working for this bank was great until the last 6 months of my 11 yrs with the company I had the worst manager. I was placed with a management team that did not want to be there so that spread and everyone in the branch left. My last day there I was escorted out as if I was being terminated not resigning. Prior to that I enjoyed working for this bank and bled blue and orange.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Delran, NJ","March 19, 2019","2.0"
"Salary","Benefits are great. I worked there for four years and have only made 1K more. Obviously, with no performance issues that would deny a raise. It's a big company. You are just a number.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 19, 2019","3.0"
"Productive Work Environment"," this bank offers a productive work environment with plenty of opportunity for advancement. There are constantly jobs being posted in other department of the bank looking to recruit from within the company.","Consumer Lending Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 19, 2019","4.0"
"Not recommended apply with caution"," this bank advertise no banking experience necessary but once in training that changes, jobs are given to people with banking background. Horrible training.","Customer Service Support Representative","Former Employee","North Carolina","March 19, 2019","1.0"
"Fast Paced","Very busy. Accolades given to the team time and time again but the raises don't match the performance. Stated that it is merit based but it is not. Often times punished for speaking up and the manager has favorites. Making it obvious.","Senior Foreign Exchange Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 19, 2019","3.0"
"Diverse with room to grow."," this bank Financial services has a diverse work culture with a frequently changing environment. It strongly encourages work balance with personal and professional. My management was very active in growth and enrichment.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 19, 2019","5.0"
"Work Place Culture"," this bank is a great company that places a large emphasis on employee satisfaction and customer service. Management is constantly identifying ways to improve employee engagement.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Pasadena, CA","March 19, 2019","5.0"
"decent company","not bad to work for, and work life balance is nice. The biggest problem with this bank is the slow salaries that are offered to employees and the location move from center city to eastwick pa,","TAX ANALYST","Current Employee","Eastwick, PA","March 19, 2019","4.0"
"High expectations and fair","Good environment if you are an achiever. Heavy emphasis on sales performance. Goal always go higher, which given the limited territory, can continue annually.","Public Fincance","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","March 19, 2019","4.0"
"To many Chiefs","I truly enjoyed the customer's that I worked with at this bank, However the Management that I worked under were less than great. Manger's hardly ever in branch and when they were they were unapproachable. Everything I learned was either through research on company intranet, Branch support hotline or through coworker's who have been there a long time. Manger's would say something to your face and turn and talk to someone else and bad mouth you. Then you had employee's who would try to take charge of something when they had no idea what was going on.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Somerset, PA","March 19, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Cares"," this bank is a company that truly cares about its employees and customers. The pay is competitive and that is always room to advance in whatever area of the bank that you choose.","Client Solutions Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 18, 2019","5.0"
"Big Brother","Everything is monitored. phone calls, computer activity, email activity, every minute detail. Understandable to a point - but daunting none-the-less...","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 17, 2019","4.0"
"Working with this bank","It is a nice experience and I am glad to work there but I feel like I need a change in pace. A typical day is trying to get your number of files done to make sure your not behind.","Underwriter Analyst","VOI Specialist","Rocky Mount, NC 27804","March 17, 2019","3.0"
"Work life balance has been rapidly declining","The job description does not line up with the job requirements. this bank went through a career development change a few years back. The title of the new position was company created, and does not line up with a normal work title. This makes it difficult to apply for jobs outside of the company. There has been significant reduction of staff lately. Mostly in small amounts with no communication to keep employees in the dark with what is occurring. The company promotes work life balance, however has been slowly removing flex work arrangements. Merit increase remain extremely low around a 1% cap rate.","Business Analyst II","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 17, 2019","2.0"
"Culture"," this bank for many employee levels allows flexiblw work arrangements. This is swapped for the need to have to work most nights due to many meeting during working hours for the 1LOD risk areas. However, the culture is casual and collaborative so the extra work is usually worth the effort.","Sr. Risk Specialist - Asset Management Operations","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 17, 2019","3.0"
"Flexible work arrangement benefits rescinded","Some departments have taken away and/or limited flexible work arrangement benefits that has lead to a mass exit of longtime employees which has severely affected morale","Business Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 16, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work","If I had not had a car wreck and had to leave I would still be workimg for this bank. Great training, great perks. Caring supervisors, great chances for advancement.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Wadwsboro, Nc. And Florence, Sc.","March 16, 2019","5.0"
"Great Experience with the Experiential team","Absolutely loved this job had lots of awesome perks and benefits. Management was absolutely amazing very helpful. got to go to a lot of exciting environments and test out my skills as a salesperson also learned a lot about marketing.","Experiential Sales Ambassador","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 15, 2019","5.0"
"Review","I have been loyal to this bank since March 2005. this bank has been a good place to work, however they make it very hard to cross over into some of the desired departments such as Human Resources.","Client Solution Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2019","3.0"
"Good place to work","We had a meeting in the am to discuses work for the day, Once the day got started the management had a few meetings and offered little help...………………..","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2019","4.0"
"IT appears to be a nice org to work in within this bank","We get to do hackathons and other interesting things and the company is evolving to match current tech. Not sure what other orgs or customer-facing roles are like.","Product Owner","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2019","5.0"
"Beware","Company makes you bug customers to death on the teller line and will threaten to fire you if you don't click buttons and disposition to every client sales. If you make a mistake like I did not knowing you made a mistake they are not behind you as an employer and will fire you so they don't have to deal with it. Management do nothing but hang in their office all day and play on their phones and computers.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 14, 2019","3.0"
"Productive"," this bank is a great place to work. I'll recommend this company to anyone. They are family oriented and flexible. Over time and shift premiums are offered","Participant Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2019","5.0"
"Do not work for this company","I was recently let go for something stupid. The management is awful and very unprofessional. You are not allowed to go to the bathroom and they watch your every move. You are just another body in a seat. The goals they have for calls are very hard to accomplish. A lot of calls I received were elderly customers and you practically had to push them off the phone while being nice. Not to mention being called names by angry customers on a constant basis. Management does not care if you have any sort of sickness. Training was a nightmare and we sat in a classroom for 3 weeks. One of the most important things you learn at the last minute. Also the material you learn in the classroom doesn't even get used while you're on the call or are told that it is incorrect. They do not reimburse you if you work from home. Management would also pick favorites as well.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 14, 2019","3.0"
"Review"," this bank is a grind. Up to 300 calls a day with only a minimal break. The management there is a joke and they will be quick to replace you............................","Core Services Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 14, 2019","3.0"
"worse place I have ever worked at","folks were not very pleasant to be around and not helpful at all. Not somewhere I would recommend anyone to work. They micromanage all their employees from bottom to top.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","March 14, 2019","1.0"
"Production","Good Company to work for and very good people to work with. Management could be better with monitoring staff assignments. I enjoyed working there too.","Mortgage Loan Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 14, 2019","4.0"
"productive and team work","Its a great company to work for and a knowledgable place to learn from. this bank company give free training lessons to its employees to teach them how to provide a well being financial services.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","March 13, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Teller","8:15-5:30pm is a typical work day schedule with an hour lunch. You learn something new every single day, great customers and co workers. Can be very fast paced and sometimes challenging. Part time has a more flexible schedule, but managers are very understanding and try to have a good work-life balance.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Springfield, OH 45504","March 13, 2019","4.0"
"Busy","Great company, but the structure of the company is constantly changing. The policies and procedures change with each loan. The management team is easy to work with & the staff is very pleasant.","MORTGAGE LOAN CLOSER","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 13, 2019","4.0"
"Collborative Work Environment","Friendly yet professional work environment. Everyone is willing to help and willingly communicated. Wasn't there long but got the impression that there isn't much opportunity for advancement.","International Trade","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 12, 2019","4.0"
"great place to work"," this bank is a great to work, pay is not competitive but the work equals the pay. not too diverse, has great core values that I love but was loosely followed by everybody including management.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 12, 2019","4.0"
"na"," this bank is a great company to work for and provides a lot of opportunity for those who seek it. The compensation could've been better but overall I had a great experience working and growing with this bank.","Teller Support Coordinator","Former Employee","Carolina, PR","March 12, 2019","5.0"
"Super competitive","Super competitive environment - lots of goals that are very hard to reach in current living area; mandated team meetings and difficult to build camaraderie when forced.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Selma, AL","March 12, 2019","5.0"
"Cashier","The company is a good place to work. People are friendly and are willing to help for the most part. There is room to grow if you put the time in. Peers are friendly depending on branch.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","March 12, 2019","4.0"
"great work place","Very relax business environment , dress code. very supportive mangers and team. upper managements surprise visits to motivate employees . Great benefits.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Ashburn, VA","March 12, 2019","3.0"
"Not bad. Doesn't count where it matters though.","They did not fully describe benefits and did not fully pay out bonuses and such that were due me. This ruined the other good things there were about the place.","Call Center Core Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 11, 2019","2.0"
"Always room for change and growth"," this bank is a good place to work. Start in an entry level position and move up. A lot of different opportunities in the company to move around if you don't enjoy your role. Management in my area is good. Limited on branches in the Florida market","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Florida","March 11, 2019","4.0"
"very friendly working place","in my two years working experience I had a wonderful time. my manager was one of the best person I ever worked for. this was home for me. every day I looked forward to work at this bank.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lansdale, PA","March 11, 2019","5.0"
"Ok company","Good place to work, promotion is who you know not what you know. All federal holidays off and good vacation and sick leave. Navigating management can be tricky","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newport News, VA","March 11, 2019","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good place to work. The management on the Mortgage side is very responsive and helpful. They provide all the support you need to be successful.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","March 11, 2019","4.0"
"Typical Day","Every morning starts with a quick start to leverage what we plan to achieve. From the moment we open the branch, clients are ready for us to process their transactions and provide them with solutions for their every day money management needs.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Edgewater, MD","March 10, 2019","4.0"
"Plenty of Learning Opportunities - Limited Advancement","Daily Tasks are often so plentiful that you can't keep up with the pace. Between 20+ File Prep Assignments, 2 new closing files per day, as well as a processing pipeline to manage. If you can't multi task, then this position is not for you.","Universal Agent","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 10, 2019","3.0"
"It was a pleasant place to work.","It was a pleasant place to work from what I can remember. I learn a lot about the banking industry and wouldn't mind working there or in the industry again.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","March 9, 2019","4.0"
"Not A Healthy Work Enviroment","I was a personal banker for this bank full time. The sales goals are impossible, with even the top performers in my branch struggling to even come close to their numbers. The training is very minimal and management is reluctant to help, even though banking is a highly regulated industry. I was verbally abused by my manager on several occasions but was just told that that's how she was and to just deal with it. On a typically week, you would be making around 60 cold calls to try and get people to make an appointment to come into the branch. Investments was a big focus for the company but we struggled to find referrals for an FA who would not even speak to the ones we could refer over. I would not recommend starting your banking career with this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Mentor, OH","March 8, 2019","1.0"
"Solid employer. Various locations available across United States.","Is a solid employer. Various locations available across United States. Continual learning environment. Pursues continual process improvement techniques. Great benefits.","ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT - CAPITAL ADVISORS","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 8, 2019","3.0"
"Entry level career starter","Banking industry was fun to work for with incredible benefits and job opportunities. Management was incredible and level of responsibilities was appropriate.","Personal Banking Representative III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 8, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to build a career","You have an opportunity to work with some very smart and driven people, it is an overall collaborative environment with great culture surrounding each position","AVP - Counterparty Credit Risk","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2019","4.0"
"Very rude and unprofessional management","First day there supvervisor immediately was very rude, ignorant and very unprofessional. The atmosphere was noticeably tense when she was around, the other supvervisor there was very pleasant and professional. The pay was good. I cant say much about the benefits since i was only there for a few days before leaving. This was the job i wanted but I refused to work in such a hostile environment. Wouldn't mind going back if the management was different.","data entry","Former Employee",".moorestown, nj","March 7, 2019","1.0"
"Good opportunities but pay is lacking"," this bank is a great place to start a career but you may have to leave and come back to get paid fairly. While they like to promote from within, it's more to save on paying market value for the job then waiting to put the right person in the right position.","Technology and Innovation","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 6, 2019","3.0"
"It was fun at times with all the activites","We were open inside supermarkets. So the bank was open 364 days a year. the hardest part of the job was the hours. Customer interaction was great. Activities with customers such as trivia contests, birthdays, give away days","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 6, 2019","4.0"
"Decent"," this bank is a decent bank to work for they are growing more and they have lots of room for advancement , the way could be better but over all a good company that moving forward","Retail Learning Facilitator","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","March 6, 2019","5.0"
"My this bank Operations Experience","I worked third shift it was good for my schedule at the time. Very team oriented, always something fun to do. My manager was great as a person and management skills. the pay is good and overtime is always available to pick up. must be consistent with your work and hit your marks","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 6, 2019","5.0"
"Laid back work environment with consistent busy days"," this bank is a nice place to work. As a teller you're able to relax a little in between customers while not having too much down time that things get boring.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","March 5, 2019","4.0"
"Very agressive sale goals","A very agressive sales centered culture. The bank however, does value and stresses a well balanced job work/life balance. While the pay is average if you are able to meet your sales goals the incentive pay is very attractuve. This bank too, values good customer service inspite of their agreesive sales goals.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bradenton, FL","March 4, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Loss Mitigation","The company is a great company, however in the department I was in, there was not much support in career development and job/life balance was non-existent.","Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 4, 2019","4.0"
"Raises are non existant.","Promotions are not available because the managers that are there, stay- they've not moved on in 18 years, which means there is no way for you to move up because they've not moved out.","Accounts Receivable Research Analyst","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 4, 2019","1.0"
"Would come back","Great experience and culture. Provided strong training experience and provide the why behind everything. Was equipped within months. Customer experience being top priority.","Personal Banker","Universal model","Batavia, IL","March 4, 2019","5.0"
"Unattainable Goals","Goals are set where at 100% production you still aren't able to hit goal. Asked to where the hat of many other roles. Virtually no support or training. Tons of micro management.","Business Banking","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 3, 2019","1.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work. I feel like management actually cares about me. They are open to and willing to help me accomplish my career goals. It is not overly stressful, but fast paced.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2019","5.0"
"Fun place to work","A typical day at this bank is sitting in front of your computer in your cubicle taking calls from an automated call queue. The management is great and really cares for their employees. The workplace culture is professional and about their business. The hardest part of the job is learning how their systems work and learning what their products has to offer. The most enjoyable part of the job is successfully helping a customer and making sure they are wiser when it comes to their financial situations.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","March 3, 2019","5.0"
"don't work here","I would not recommend my worse enemy to work here. Let me tell you if you work for a call center before and think this will be different because its a bank your wrong. this bank ask for some high standards from there employee's but the walk in the door salary is a joke. You will slave out and maybe see $33,000 after your first 2 years if your lucky. They don't care about you as a employee just there customers, they grade your calls on 3 calls month with calls being being the best. Now let me tell every set rep has there own way of scoring calls even know they have a guide they have to go by. They all hear calls differently so good luck with that. Also the adherence standard for my dept was 94% with half hour lunches. so if you want a job with low pay short lunches and customer yelling at you because this bank is a horrible bank. You are given 6 mins to resolve these issues and god forbid you need help.. smh don't work here","Loan Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 2, 2019","1.0"
"Literally the best job I have ever had!","Pay is more than generous. Benefits and discounts are amazing. Management is laid back but stern as well. Opportunities to grow and move up. Tuition reimbursement","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 1, 2019","5.0"
"Be prepared for chaos","The branch I was located in was a very busy branch. Expect to be on your feet almost all day and deal with all sorts of customers. The biggest problems I have faced within the branch is poor management and time management skills. Many people have come and gone from the branch that we will be short staffed on many occasions in which we have to take on extra hours. Also, if there is a difference in anyone's cash drawer, everyone working that day have to stay until the mystery of the missing or extra cash has been resolved. There were plenty of times we had fun and weren't too stressed but those times are rare. The branch I was in was very busy so serious yet smiling faces had to always be present. Sales are very important there, if you're not meeting goals then you will be terminated before your year is up.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","March 1, 2019","3.0"
"No security","The first two months I had a great manager that always took care of his employees and had a fair schedule for everybody. After that manager left the bank had at least 5 different managers for like a year. I got paid as a part time teller but, doing tasks of a teller supervisor. Security is awful. Regional management is unaware of a lot. HR does is not help.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 1, 2019","2.0"
"Nice people.","I hadn't worked there in many years, but from personal experience and the type of position I held, I did enjoy the work and the people/managers I had around me.","Wire Transfer Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 27, 2019","4.0"
"Great Place To Work","I really enjoy working for this bank. They have always worked with my schedule as much as possible. I am very Active outside of this bank and will need a Saturday off and they will accommodate when they can.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Merchantville, NJ","February 27, 2019","4.0"
"The stress not worth the money","I was very eager to start at this bank. It claimed to be a great place to work and cared about their employees. Reality is my manager is rude, condescending and inexperienced. The culture is people smile in your face and stab you in the back every chance they get. Lack of integrity is rampant among employees and management. Worst job experience I have ever had.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","NJ","February 26, 2019","1.0"
" this bank is ok"," this bank as a company is great, but the management in the regional I worked in was horrible. Great people were being ley go for things that could have been coaching opportunities and kept employees that were committing acts that they should have been fired over and keeping them way too long.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Hatboro, PA","February 26, 2019","3.0"
"okay","Have been working here for a while now and they are not wiling to work with my hours to attend school because my branch is 'short staffed'. It would be amazing if they would be a bit more flexible even if you are a full-time employee","Teller","Current Employee","Cicero, IL","February 25, 2019","1.0"
" this bank is a great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work, It has pretty good work life balance and the pay is pretty competitive for someone coming from the outside. I do with they did more for those who are part-time.","Notary Public","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2019","4.0"
"My initial reception by current team members was not so great but it improved greatly cause management took action improve a","I enjoy working as a branch Associate because I like helping people and me and my customers connected pretty well. That was confirmed even when my new manger came, customers would declined being service at times in my absence per her when I return from my short leave. My initial reception by current team members was not so great but it improved greatly because management took action.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 25, 2019","4.0"
"It was a good start in order to get my foot in the door","They don't allow employees to grow within the company unless you've been there for at least two years, no matter how well you exceed in the position you were currently in.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","February 24, 2019","4.0"
"Always short staffed","Universal banker =teller work all day, yet expects you to make calls and achive goals. Always short staffed, mortgage department always short. Terrible training yet expects for you to know policies and procedures.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","South atlanta, ga","February 23, 2019","1.0"
"Fun place to work","Very stressful, but has good advancement opportunities and the managers are truly their to help in that advancement. Have great benefits and have great training to prepare you for the job you are training for","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 21, 2019","3.0"
"Productive and fun place","Responsible for maintaining proper cash limits, cashing checks, accepting deposits, issuing cashier's checks, money orders, and traveler's checks, cash advances, wire transfers, transfer of funds, and paying / receiving large amounts of currency / coin. • Duties included accepting credit card and loan applications, opening and closing accounts, cross-selling and consultative sales of financial products, and maintaining up-to-date knowledge of banking services and products.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","February 21, 2019","5.0"
"work/life balance is good. Salaries flat","I have been very fortunate to have a terrific work/life balance, due in part to my ability to work remotely. However, my salary hasn't budged since joining the company 6 years ago. I joined near the top of my salary grade, and unfortunately the scale has not moved during my time here. Bonuses have decreased annually while health care costs have risen, resulting in net pay decreases or flat salary annually.","Application Developer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2019","3.0"
" this bank Work Day","Start the morning off by checking voicemails and emails and then pull reports to balance the day and tackle the most important jobs for the day, return all calls and verify loan information to customers.","Sr Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 20, 2019","3.0"
"Good pay and hours","This was a great paying job with great hours. I had an 10 minute commute on foot. Conveniently located in the business center of Wilmington. I would reccomend","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Wonderful Job","Working for this bank was an great opportunity it helped me learn the banking field and work with wonderful people that showed you different parts of the business.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 20, 2019","4.0"
"Productive and relaxed work environment","I enjoyed the work environment at this bank. You self managed most of your day, give or take a meeting. The most enjoyable part of the job was my coworkers and the fast paced environment. I enjoy a fast paced environment to keep busy.","Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Productive Fun Place to work","Ensures goals and objectives of department are met. Provides accurate and timely completion of assignments and inquiry responses. Ensures that all tasks and duties completed are accomplished within the firm's set guidelines and policies.","Head Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","NJ","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work.","Great employees, Loved working there. Very challenging and advancement is what you make of it. Enjoyed learning new procedures and talking with the customers. I retired 18 years ago, but I still bank there and am a happy customer.","Account Reconciliation Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 20, 2019","5.0"
"Development of compliance reporting.","Federal fdic compliance reporting as a result of new legislation. Oracle data warehouse development and external tools ssrs, etc. Good stable workplace with employees that care and engaging","SQL Developer Consultant","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","February 19, 2019","4.0"
"No matter what, never go to HR about any issue","The environment is difficult. this bank is not known for training, so you have to learn as you go. If you go to HR about any issue with management, be certain that you will be included in the next round of layoffs. And there will always be a next round of layoffs.","MORTGAGE LOAN PROCESSOR","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 19, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place To Work","It was a good place to work. Unfortunately I had to resign due to family issues. The were not willing to accommodate a different shift in a timely manner for me to keep my employment there.","Customer Support Associate II","Former Employee","Lynchburg, VA","February 19, 2019","3.0"
"Living the Dream","Being employed by this bank was the best experience ever, and I often said, it was a dream job. I enjoyed everything about it. I did not want to retire.","Work from Home","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 18, 2019","5.0"
"Relaxed work environment","If you value work/life balance this bank is a great place to work. Compensation levels are below industry norm, but they overcompensate by providing a slow-paced, easy to balance workload.","Asset Management Group Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 17, 2019","4.0"
"Ok company","The compensation is lower compared to other companies, especially if you're being promoted within the company. Lots of times people get promotions without any pay increase.","Senior Product Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible experience!","A typical day at work you sign in, start taking clients, balance and close at the end of the day. I learned to have a lot of patience when dealing with rude and overbearing people. I also learned that the team that works here is definitely flawed and I wished I had taken my learning experience at a different branch/bank. Management was not good at all, and careless. The culture of the workplace just not good either, the hardest part of the job, everything it was stressful, and most enjoyed getting to go home.","Teller","Former Employee","Lyndhurst, OH","February 15, 2019","1.0"
"Great company to work for","Great company to work for Provides work life balance and flexible hours. Provides career growth and learning experience. Worked as branch sales and service rep and part time teller","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","February 15, 2019","5.0"
"good people there","Operations Officer on the Enterprise Crisis Management Team. Relationship manager for 9 Regional Territories. Develops and maintain reporting solution; analyze data to drive process improvement. Coordinate efforts with technology partners (MIS, CIM, Cyber Operations) and external agencies ISO event management and risk mitigation strategies. Support Regional Alignment initiatives and manage Regional Presidents engagement for events. Manage assigned tools, application, and/or third party relationships","Business Continuity","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 15, 2019","3.0"
"came off as a good culture but it was fake"," this bank had a good face game but behinds the scene the management did not care about their employees as much as they showed. You were always under a microscope and they monitored your phone calls and what you did on your computer.","Customer Service and Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15212","February 14, 2019","4.0"
"Good Job, poor management, underpaid per industry standard","If you're looking for higher pay within banking then I'd stray away from this bank. I know other people with the same job title as mine in other banks that make 10-20k more and that's when they first started.","Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 14, 2019","3.0"
"great bank","Love the products so it was easy to sell. Aggressive goals but achievable. Bonus structure was not great for a smaller branch. Plenty of training. Nice atmosphere.","Branch Sales Manager","Former Employee","Fair Haven, NJ","February 14, 2019","4.0"
"Remote employee","I really enjoyed working for this bank. They are good about keeping you up to date on industry training. Managers were great. Team support. Not so good with internal training. I would still be there had it not been for layoffs.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 13, 2019","4.0"
"Good Leadership"," this bank is a well run company with good leadership at the helm. Typical day is intense and fast paced with a more conservative culture, but people make it enjoyable.","SVP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","Over all a good company to work for. They could learn from employees coming from other banking institutions or work fields and do a better job in training products and company software applications. Some management were absolutely amazing and I was fortunate to have two excellent managers my last few months with this bank, however some managers were very lackluster and either did not care if they performed their job well or played favorites and did not assist in the advancement of other employees within their branch. The benefits and paid time off were wonderful and I would recommend this bank to other for career opportunities.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Dublin, OH","February 13, 2019","4.0"
"A Good Place to Work","Enjoyed working for this bank Mortgage. There was opportunity for growth in the company. I feel that they where very diversified and the workplace culture.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2019","4.0"
"I loved working for this bank","Love working in the call center and now that the Columbus call center is virtual I believe it will increase the talent they attract. Management was awesome and the opportunity to move up was always available.","customer service tra","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 11, 2019","5.0"
"I worked from home yet I was still stressed.","Might as well not ask questions to your manager because they won't get back to you with a response. I would constantly message my manager when I was having issues and I was ignored all day. When I got sick and missed a few days from work I would call in to let them know about my absence. I later received a letter in the mail that they assumed I 'voluntarily resigned.' Mind you, I had 15 days to use..... for myself.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","February 11, 2019","1.0"
"No Review","Daily activities included business banking, managing sales team, coaching, mentoring, compliance and service. At this bank we used technology to help customers save money, increase efficiency, and become more profitable.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Rockford, MI","February 11, 2019","5.0"
"Greatly supportive culture with flexible managers"," this bank was extremely transparent with it's mission as well as it's goal. There were many opportunities to learn and grow within the company. Although it was monotonous at times there are various ways to make changes from within.","Senior Financial Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 11, 2019","4.0"
"Had a great working enviornment","The company environment was fun to work for. Great activities withing the community like grow up great were performed. We celebrated success and coached around opportunities","Private Client Group","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","February 11, 2019","5.0"
"Productive work place"," this bank is a wonderful company to work for. They have the greatest working environment they i have ever worked for in my life. No day is the same, you never know what to expect , or what type of customer your going to get on the phone, sometimes human beings can rude especially when it comes to their money. Its very enjoyable making a customer day. such as helping them save money, make money, find money.","Multi-Channel Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great company. Toxic coworkers."," this bank is a great company to work for. It's difficult to get a job there, because they expect greatness. They offer great benefit options. My management team was great, however, one of my coworkers caused a toxic, very threatening work environment. HR was unable to come to a resolution where I would feel safe coming to work everyday. So, I was forced to resign.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Fairfield, OH","February 10, 2019","4.0"
"Terrible place to work"," this bank has to of been the worst company that I had ever worked for. When it comes to sales they are worse than Wells Fargo! They will find other ways to push you out if you do not meet your monthly numbers. If you like being treated like nothing more than a number that this is the place for you! When it comes to personal issues, no matter how urgent or serious the issue is, if it does not fit business needs you will not be excused. Take caution when accepting a job within this company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Dover, DE","February 10, 2019","1.0"
"ok place to work","it pays the bills but it gets mundane and management( depending on who you get) can be lousy. your taking class from people who know they don't have n=money or know they did wrong all day. People are screaming and cursing a lot.","Loan Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 8, 2019","3.0"
"Anywhere but this bank Wealth Managent/Hawthorn","Does not practice what it preaches. Management by intimidation. Hawthorn senior leadership inexperienced and therefore created an environment where there was 100% turnover in one group. Despite protestations of 'culture', at the end of the day the leaders are only interested in own career. Do not think that if you work for a woman, as a woman you will be treated fairly. Women leadership are the most in fear of other strong, smart women.","Senior Trust Advisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 7, 2019","1.0"
" this bank","it was okay, I didn't really like how much we were micromanaged or underpaid for all of the work they expected us to do. it was truly unfair considering we couldn't even go to the bathroom without permission.","Project Leader Gains","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 7, 2019","5.0"
" this bank Wealth Management","Good work culture and the people are nice. A lot of politics to get to where you want to be due to the size of the company. Pay could be better. Seems to value outside prospects more than internal employees","AMG Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 7, 2019","3.0"
"Great place to work with balance for life/work schedules","There are great teams within the organization striving to succeed with the same goals: Provide the highest level of customer services across the organization and external customers.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 7, 2019","4.0"
"Overall a great company to work for","Amazing people and very flexible with home life and company life. Positive work environment and helpful in achieving goals overall. Would still work there if I didn't have to move away from the footprint.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Palm City, FL 34990","February 7, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work"," this bank is a good place to work. The office I work for are smaller than other offices in our network so career advancement is almost nil. The opportunities here are driven by the employee and how much you want to grow. For senior level positions though you would have to be open to relocating.","Operations Work Lead","Current Employee","College Park, GA","February 7, 2019","4.0"
"Overall very good experience","Got opportunity to learn a lot at my branch under managers guidance. Lot my procedures and policies reviewed which as a customer i didn't know. Had fun learning.","Teller","Current Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Professional work environment"," this bank/Mortgage Department is a great place to work. There are great co-workers and plenty of team spirit. Management creates a pleasant work environment.","Mortgage Sales Fulfillment Coordinator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 6, 2019","5.0"
"Flexible Scheduling: Ideal for stay at home mom w/ school-aged children","All employees start at a minimum of $15/hr. Paid on-site training. Opportunity to work from home. Option to have a split shift. Pays shift differential for shifts beginning after 11am. There is a transition phase where you are limited on time off, overtime, shift preferences, etc. After transition, 15 vacation days+ 1 personal /yr. but is pro-rated first year depending on hire date. Option to purchase additional vacation after 2 yrs. Opportunity to earn up to $850 in performance based incentives monthly. Plenty of opportunity for overtime. Must meet minimum quality assurance metrics. The job is very fast paced. Managers/support is not always available immediately which directly affects your AHT. Managers are required to do 'live listening' where they tap into your call without your knowledge to listen in and basically 'judge' or critique your call. This is in addition to 3 quality evaluations. Required to remain in your position for 1 yr before eligible to move to a new role/department. Customers can be abusive. Interactions with other departments can be stressful. There is a LOT of misinformation between departments and roles.","Customer Care Center Representative","Current Employee","Virtual - Work at home","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Solid Job","Great pay, solid hours and a very understanding work environment (in regards to your coworkers) all mixes together to create a wonderfully progressive and diverse work space.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Culture","I have a manger that is very helpful if there are any questions. Each day is usually very busy, there is always some work to be done. The company makes changes often which must be paid attention to and can make it more difficult to do your job day to day.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Louisvile, KY","February 6, 2019","3.0"
"Extremely Stressful","I started in June 2017 in the Whitehall call center before everyone started working from home. I had a really cool training class though. Boy, the management sure does know how to get the newbies hyped up for foolishness. The last day of training, people started to leave. this bank is a stressful place to work indeed. From the time you log in to CATCH and turn on Spirit, the calls will be back-to-back with calls regarding disputes, transactions, etc. This bank has some terrible fees was well. There's a saying in the company regarding 'Overdraft Tuesdays' when customers would notice a positive balance in their accounts from Friday thru Monday, then Tuesday the funds are gone. The customer is under the impression that their balance wasn't negative over the weekend. This is just one of many issues that this bank needs to update and fix. Too many bogus expectations there as well. You can have a whole week of good calls, but the audit team will find your worst call and grade you on that, so they won't give you your deserved bonus. The team leads have their teams working like busy-bees so that their 'manager's' numbers can look good. One thing that I did like was the small cafe and the self-service store in the building. Besides that, it was ratchet.","Support Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 6, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to work other than the branch closing","Great place to work, great benefits, current branch will be closing in April of this year. I enjoy the work and the customers, on the job training could have been better. Traveled to Columbus for training but was taught the very basics.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Zanesville, OH","February 6, 2019","5.0"
"Quality Company - Employee Centered","The company has an excellent work-life balance, culture, benefits, and growth opportunities for its employees. The working environment is goal oriented across the organization with a friendly/family collaborative touch to achieve its objectives.","Managing Director","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 6, 2019","4.0"
"Call center is not worth it","I worked in the call center so this is probably a biased review. Very stressful working conditions. Incredibly fast paced with little wiggle room for scheduling.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 5, 2019","2.0"
"not Bad While It Lasted","worked 8 years as a service partner then 5 as an actual employee, unfortunately I was displaced and had to start over again at 55 yrs old :( vacation amounts are good especially with the 10 annual bank holidays added in","Mail Clerk","Former Employee","Erie, PA","February 5, 2019","3.0"
"Depends on Location","My particular branch allowed full timers to play on their phones and goof off when there were customers present, but punished part timers. Part timers had their jobs threatened for needing to stay home or leave work due to illness, full timers were kindly told to go home and feel better soon. Management was super nice until I was on my own and then became nasty and degrading, twisted everything I said into something I wasn't saying. Didn't invest any time into training me or making sure I was doing well or understood what was going on. Maybe other branches are better?","Teller","Former Employee","N/A","February 4, 2019","2.0"
"good","acquires and deepens the branch customer base through a variety of proactive sales and service activities. Manages the customer experience by identifying opportunities to improve the customer's financial wellbeing. Collaborates with ecosystem partners to grow customer's share of wallet. Positions this bank solutions to drive new revenue and customer loyalty.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 4, 2019","4.0"
"Experience","I currently work for the Equipment Finance sector of the company. We were acquired by this bank, April 2017. My negative experience is purely with the original ECN Capital management team. this bank has been a pleasure to work with and they truly appreciate their employees. I count it a blessing to be employed with this bank.","Portfolio Manager","Current Employee","Horsham, PA","February 2, 2019","3.0"
"Great place","Easy work place. Great environment. Easy to move up. Great employees. Cars about employees. Clean environment. Fast pace. Great for opportunities. Family oriented","Multichannel Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 2, 2019","5.0"
"Ok","It was OK. Not bad not great. Could be better. Pay is OK. Compensation was OK, but made it harder and harder. Work life balance was good though. That has been figured out.","Senior Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 1, 2019","3.0"
"No comment","A typical day at work: Review and respond to urgent emails, regarding loan application status, process etc. Attend team meeting. Work on loan files to obtain approvals for mid or final review.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 1, 2019","3.0"
"Manager who respected you and your ideas","Flexible job hours, able to work from home. Ideas to streamline were taken seriously to add morale and increase productivity and when reviewed, were implemented.","Assistant to Economic Capital Director","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 1, 2019","3.0"
