"management","Not very impressed with management or how they treat there employees. well over worked and not paid fairly. when reported to upper management nothing gets done!","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 12, 2017","1.0"
"Typical collections shop","This is a decent place to work. There is a cafeteria on site. They have a lot of extra activities and giveaways. it is a typical collections shop. They try to create an open environment.","Administrative Analyst","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 11, 2017","3.0"
"It was cool","wasn't a horrible experience. Just a bit based off of favoritism in the call center in regards to advancement. Also, it is really stressful, you literally take your day home with you.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 11, 2017","4.0"
" this bank excellent company","what ive learned from this bank is how to respect others and their opinions. this bank diverse work place and was fair to all the hardest part of the job was keeping up with the demand of work.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2017","5.0"
"crazy day and crazy night","Inbound and outbound calls to customers to verify credit an debit card activity. fast paced with the hardest part being that a customer don't understand the process.","Investigation Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2017","3.0"
"Hep","Closed loans for Home Equity products. Worked with loan officers and underwriters throughout the process. Very fast paced position and very challenging","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2017","3.0"
"Decent place to work","Management and compensation could improve within this company. The work life balance isn't too bad except during our busy season when we work 6-7 days a week.","TAX ANALYST","Current Employee","Eastwick, PA","October 10, 2017","5.0"
"Stressful!!","I literally had panic attacks every morning before I walked into work. They want you to SELL SELL SELL! It did not matter that there weren't any opportunities to sell a credit card, mortgage or etc. They practically harassed me every day about sales. I miss my customers SO MUCH that was the only perk of working there. The 'raise' was an insult.","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","October 10, 2017","1.0"
"Very competitive","I really like the people there. I worked in a call center where I met a lot of cool people. It was a very competitive environment because there was big bonuses given every month.","NFSC","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work","I was with this bank for over 5 years and still would be if family issue didn't force me to relocate to another state. The company made it very easy to advance and provided great benefits including generous paid time off.","Risk Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2017","4.0"
"Efficient workplace.","It's a great place to work because of the interaction and there are great employees that care about the job and most importantly, the customer. this bank has a great staff and continues to grow more than any other bank.","Teller","Current Employee","Trenton, NJ","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"Excellent","I think the over all company is great and the people are even better. Their was plenty room for advancement. The knowledge was vary helpful for my position and role I was placed to do.","Credit Card Consultant","Former Employee","COLUMBUS OHIO","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"teller","I like the hours that I was working Monday to Friday 9-5. very professional, office was nice environment, I was able to work in other branches learning more","Sales","Former Employee","Washington, DC","October 9, 2017","4.0"
"Lack of communication, poor management and no sense of direction.","This place is a sink or swim type of job. There is NO training that actually teaches anyone how to do their job. Because everything is so numbers driven, co-workers can't/won't make time to help new people out, and those who do are punished with poor performance ratings. Suggestions for improvement are ignored. Upper management is too busy having meetings about the meetings they have to actually take time to talk to their 'minions' to find out what is happening in the office and how they can help make the workplace a better environment. Quarterly financials talk about how much the bank is making, but at year end review they can't afford to give their employees raises. Employees feel like they are just numbers and not truly appreciated. The occasional lunch and snacks do not make up for all of the negativity in the division.","Mortgage Division","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 9, 2017","2.0"
"Great Environment","I was only a part time teller, needed full time work. The atmosphere was great and I loved my co-workers. I would not have left if it was a full time position","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Norwalk, OH","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"the people at this company are fun to work with","okay place to work. The company has room for advancement but make it very hard to do. The employees made it fun to work for the company. I learned a lot from my supervisor and manager.","Senior Bank Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 9, 2017","3.0"
"Low starting wage","Hiring freeze created more work for employees who remained. Nice work culture. Decrease in monthly bonus opportunity. Monthly bonus incentive was based on the entire team's performance.","Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 9, 2017","3.0"
"fun","typical day at work was very busy. i was pulled to different departments to assist. management was very nice. workplace was like a family. there was no hard part of the job. the most enjoyable was with coworkers we were a great team","Services Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 9, 2017","5.0"
"customer engagement activities","everyday banking operations. risk management. customer engagement with activities to draw their attention to bank's products ad how to improve their financial well-being","Columbia","Current Employee","Ellicott City, MD","October 7, 2017","5.0"
"Great Company","I was only part time so I did not get the benefits most got, this was a great company to work for. There is good training before you take the position and advancement opportunity if desired.","Teller","Former Employee","Uniontown, PA","October 7, 2017","4.0"
"Awseome Plave to Work","Great place to work, the culture is very calm and professional. The management is great they work with the work/life balance concept well. Great benefits and the hours are great!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","October 7, 2017","5.0"
"Great environment","Great people, management is always helpful but compensation could be a little higher.Very fast-paced environment which requires a very tolerable personality. Overall not bad but compensation could be higher","Business Banking Service Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2017","3.0"
"Ok place","Consistent work place, chances to advance. High turnover rates. Does require some weekends and nights. Somewhat micromanaged. Overall good place to work.","Account Manager - Consumer Default Specialist","Former Employee","oSHTEMO MI","October 5, 2017","4.0"
"nice place to work with good work/life balance","typical bank hours and the people are great. in charge of opening and closing branch, learned a lot about the financial industry, coming into it completely new; the management was very patient and willing to teach everything to me. I am very grateful.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Current Employee","Ridgefield, NJ","October 5, 2017","4.0"
"8 out of 10"," this bank is a good place to work with very generous benefits. A typical day at work would consist of working a couple of loans. The most difficult part of the job is when production is down....makes for along day. My current manager works with me and is very understanding. I get along with my co-workers","Universal Agent","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 4, 2017","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good place to work but the pay is bad. Beyond that the benefits are good, the management is good, and the Job Work/Life Balance is alright.","Retail Banking Associate","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","October 4, 2017","3.0"
"Good place that rewards long-term commitment","You'll get skills here and have opportunities to add value in your position as a BSA. New opportunities popping up as the company moves to Agile/Scrum for PM and software development. Hard to get ahead - they'll give you a title, but it doesn't come with much of a commensurate raise in salary. But it's stable - one of the largest employers where I live - and people tend to stick around overall. The benefits are above average.","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA, USA","October 4, 2017","4.0"
"Poor Management","Not a horrible company, just very bad management. Worked in several branches and not all of them were bad, but my home branch was horrible. They pick and choose when they want to follow to the rules when its convenient for them.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","October 3, 2017","2.0"
"Great place to work","I come in and pick up my mail, sort it and put it on sharepoint. I have learned different functions and different areas of the bank.We receive quality coaching.Teamwork and always serving the customer.","loan support","Current Employee","Brecksville","October 3, 2017","4.0"
"Stressful, super micro managed environment","Management is right on top of your every move, documented reasons for why decisions are made. daily phone conferences more of who wants to know progress than actually out making progress. direct manager team calls skip level manager team calls, daily, sometimes twice a day. Horrible place to work and would never recommend anyone from my industry to work there.","Territory Sales Manager","Former Employee","Essex County, NJ","October 3, 2017","2.0"
"Fast paced","For the most part, it was enjoyable working at this bank. The people I worked with & the customers were great. The only reason I left was for a better opportunity.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2017","4.0"
"Professional Work Setting"," this bank has been a wonderful place to start my career. In a short time I was able to learn, grow and move up in the company. There are many opportunities for growth and to develop your career.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Michigan","October 2, 2017","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank was great place to work. Employees are always given the opportunity to learn and grow with the company. I had a fantastic experience with this bank. The continued training and knowledge to expand in your role was always at your fingertips. The company was committed to making sure each employee had the tools and resources they needed to be the best they could be in their role.","Vice President - Banking Center Manager (MLO)","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 2, 2017","5.0"
"Management changed often","You never knew from one month to the next what the strategy was and can only be described as a series of 'charge' and then 'retreat commands'. Working hours were rough because the branches were never fully staffed and we were constantly measured against Gallup polls that we could never do well on due to staffing. Also we were measured against goals that did not take into account staffing, market changes, and dishonest employees.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Warrington, PA","October 2, 2017","2.0"
"fun, stressful","I worked at the bank in the trust department for years then went into operations department which dealt with the day to day duties. I posted the daily transactions.","TRUST CLERK","Former Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","October 2, 2017","4.0"
"Great place for family oriented","Really good on separating work from home life. 3 weeks paid vacation with additional week you can purchase. Also offer 4 weeks paid maternity leave for fathers.","Officer","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 2, 2017","4.0"
"Will never work in banking again","One of the worse experiences in my life. Very toxic environment. Mentally and physically exhausted. Robbed four times. Only one raise during whole time there. Management didn't have your back at all.","Customer Service Associate - Sales and Service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 2, 2017","1.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work. The job is simple and fast paced. They are very strict with monthly referrals and if they are not met you are required to stay after work to complete.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Corry, PA","September 30, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company","competitive. great people fast paced. very large sometimes very difficult to get cross functional collaboration. provided work life balance. lots of community volunteer work available"," this bank Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2017","4.0"
"Bank on it","Working in the corporate office for the Spanish language team was definitely a great time. Great people and work environment. Enjoyed my time there. Could definitely do with a higher starting wage, but a great job for someone who doesn't want to be a teller but still wants to have the ability to grow within a financial company.","Bilingual Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 29, 2017","3.0"
"very nice place to work","It was well managed and atmosphere was good. wish I would have stayed and looked for more advancement in jobs. Management was good and was fair. I would go back in a hearbeat.","Loss Analysis Auditor II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 29, 2017","5.0"
"Competitive Company","Great company that is always evolving to stay ahead of the competition. Clients constantly state that this bank delivers an experience unlike any other financial institutions.","Business Banking Sales Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 29, 2017","4.0"
"GReat workers, terrible regional sales managers","Sales pressure from regional managers.They will make sure to trigger a sale out of you no matter if what the proper guidelines when applying for a product for the customer.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Bensalem, PA","September 28, 2017","3.0"
"It's okay","It's okay. The culture was real cliquey. It was laid back and fun. Turn over would be high because it was hard to advance into other departments. I had good times, but bad times too.","Final Document Review Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2017","4.0"
"Easy work that require attention to detail","Probably one of the best ways to make good money if you are willing to put in the time. Biggest skill required is willing to follow instructions. Processing or keying for a full work day.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 28, 2017","4.0"
"Mortgage Finance HQ ILLINOIS","Headquartered out of Warrenville, IL it was beautiful to have the entire team with main office based out of Pittsburgh, PA. There was no room within Illinois to move up.","Finance Controller Central Division","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","September 28, 2017","3.0"
"Could be better","The company preaches customer service first which is great; Employees were taught to take a care of the customers, and most did, but I feel that the company could have done a better job of taking care of the employees. The pay is very low compared to most retail banking companies so sales associates try to make up for the compensation through commission. However, the company is doing more and more to push customers to bank on their own as opposed to in the branch, which in turn makes it more difficult for employees to hit the sales numbers in order to earn a decent commission. this bank is constantly looking for employees--that's good for some, bad for others.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 28, 2017","2.0"
"Fun place to work at","I loved working at the State and Huron branch. The management was great and fair and the work environment was fast paced. I would love to go back and work for this company.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Chicago, Illinois","September 27, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","I loved worked at this bank and had many roles while there. great opportunity to grow. I had my first management role at this job. they supported their workers and I would not have left except for the layoff.","Training Administrator and Office Manager","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 27, 2017","5.0"
"Made some wonderful, long term relationships","Typical day involved reporting, communicating with team members, assembling information and presenting to senior management along with explanations to variances as applicable.","Direct Marketing","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","September 27, 2017","5.0"
"Fast Pace Stressful","It is a good job for people who work hard. Can be stressful and some managers are better than others. If you don't put in the work you wont make much.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Schaumburg, IL","September 27, 2017","4.0"
"Good Company","good company to work for. room for advancement. good environment. Flexible with good benefits. training is very thorough and effective. obtainable goals.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","September 27, 2017","5.0"
"Not for me","Not enough money for all the work they pile on you and management is terrible no room for advancement favoritism no variety same work everyday negative work environment","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","PGH, PA","September 27, 2017","3.0"
"Business Development","Built a portfolio of nonprofit organizations with foundations and investment management accounts for financial management within one of the country's more respected banking institutions was rewarding.","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 27, 2017","4.0"
"Stressful","Very stressful job, regional manager requires us to force sales upon customers daily, always short staffed, huge turn over because people don't want to work in the stress.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Huntsville, AL","September 26, 2017","1.0"
"Great Culture","Great place to work with great tools and an opportunity for advancement if you work hard as long as you have a good manager. They are making great advances with technology.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Greater New Jersey Area","September 26, 2017","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","Working at this bank Health Benefit Department processing health benefit was a job love doing it gave me benefit to learning how hospital claims that need to process into the Anydoc System.It gave me the opporunity to learn medical codes , we had to process so many claims within the hour , with out many errors , Workplace was ok you had your owe cubical that was personal space , communcation with employee and supervisor was not the best .every so often they change work status never a consistency ,The most enjoyable part of job is learning new job functions and very quit enviroment.","Electronic Health Benefits","Former Employee","Highland Hts, OH","September 26, 2017","5.0"
"Okay","Typical corporate setting, including cubicles and offices. Good entry-level position with opportunity for advancement. Work culture can vary dependind on the team.","Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 26, 2017","4.0"
"Highly Completitive","Organization is in flux, due to a number of reorganization and cost cutting measures. Thus, workers are trying to figure out the new structure and goals. As such, people are 'looking over their shoulders' and not focusing on conduct business.","Vendor Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 25, 2017","1.0"
"Review"," this bank was an overall good experience, however i did not like the commission structure and felt i can make more money elsewhere with my work ethic. Compensation was worth the amount of work","Merchant Account Executive","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","September 25, 2017","3.0"
" this bank is okay"," this bank is a great company. Their pay depends on how they feel when you enter. I came in requesting a certain amount and come to find out a teller was given a higher salary than me. Mind you I had experience and management experience under my belt. The hardest thing would have to be the different policies and procedures everyday. One person says one thing and the next a different. Nothing is set in stone so it puts you at risk. I love working here because it is fast paced. They do recognize you but not as much as you would like. I love my clients at work.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 25, 2017","3.0"
"Na","It's a good company to work for however the hours in the department makes it's difficult to balance your personal life. Some weeks are 8 day straight without a break.","Detect and investigation analyst SR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","September 25, 2017","4.0"
"Nice place to work"," this bank is a fast paced financial institution. Work life balance is ok. Management seems to care and will help you to advance in the company. Goals were attainable and you are rewarded for reaching your sales goals.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Naperville, IL","September 25, 2017","4.0"
"riview","Good working place and nice environment. Encouraging management and staff. Overall job security and liberal in paid leaves and working hours. I suggest its a nice company.","IOS SENIOR DEVELOPER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 24, 2017","4.0"
"mixed feelings","it's a great place to work. i feel respected, and the management (overall) is great, but the benefits suck. they do not want to pay people what they're worth. if you get an 'exceeds expectations' rating on your review, you MAYBE get a 1% raise.... if you're lucky.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Strip District, PA","September 24, 2017","4.0"
"Can be a stressful nightmare","A typical day begins short staffed with MANY client complaints coming from neighboring branches. Branches don't work uniformly as company policy dictates and creates chaos. Computer and printing equipment constantly fails in the middle of account maintenance. HR is difficult to reach or deal with. Management is ok, ish. My personal manager is great but at times you can find no one to go to if someone has an issue above your pay grade. Security is good, if you have a trainable team. Biggest upside is vacation time, however work life balance is difficult otherwise. Typically day begins at 8:00am and many days we stay until at least 6:30pm. Sometimes we get a 30 minute break, a lot of times it's disrupted with a client issue. Many co workers are unmotivated and require daily training.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Illinois","September 24, 2017","2.0"
"Awesome company to work for"," this bank is awesome ! Pension, 401k, Stocks etc. Pay increase as long as you do your job veryyyy well and take care of your customers. If you like numbers, you should apply to this bank.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 23, 2017","5.0"
"stressful","worst place to work stressful environment not worth the headache management is horrible nobody knows their job horrible training does not care about employees number driven","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2017","1.0"
"great work culture","Working with this bank I was encouraged to learn as much as possible. they cultivate talent and as long as you qualify and are a motivated person who is willing to move in different positions they will train and encourage you to move forward. Work days typical start at 8:30 and end at 5:15 unless for extenuating circumstances. upper management is good minimal micro management. hardest part of the job would be the customers at times and the employees on other occasions. I Assisted clients with achieving their financial goals or coming up with a plan of action to get to that goal. Maintaining the internal goals for the branch and the individuals is high priority, rallying the team is a must and keeping everyone motivated is key","Universal Branch Manager","Former Employee","marshalls creek/newfoundland/north scranton, pa","September 23, 2017","4.0"
"overall","great place to work not paid enough. I enjoyed working with the team, everyone was friendly. management was understanding when came down to my hard pregnancy.","PT FLOATING TELLER","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 22, 2017","5.0"
"Great Entry Level Job","I enjoyed my time there. I had a great flexible boss-that always helps. I had to relocate due to my husband's job, but I would have stayed a while. Great place that will advance you.","Commercial Portfolio Analyst","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 21, 2017","4.0"
"Diverse company with great teams of people getting the job done"," this bank is a wonderful company. The pros of working there are great people and you have a greater than average chance to advance. The cons are just like every other company, some people are easier to work with than others and some of the practices need to change.","An Employee","Current Employee","Anywhere","September 21, 2017","5.0"
"Worked as a consultant so I cannot answer this","NA I worked as a consultant and do not have an opinion My time there was fine. I was treated well and enjoyed the people on the team I worked with and the people at the site I worked at were friendly.","Emergency and Crisis Planning","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 21, 2017","4.0"
"Above Average","It was a Good internship experience. The work life balance was great and the people were very understanding of any issues you had. The pay for the internship was also very good","Institutional Banking Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 21, 2017","3.0"
"Productive","Management was fantastic, training was informative. Hours worked around your schedule. Opportunity for advancement was significant and available. Benefits were great.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Yardley, PA","September 21, 2017","5.0"
" this bank","Management does not support their employees to keep producing for the team. There are income gaps and lack of stretch opportunities offered to employees.","Compliance Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 21, 2017","1.0"
"Overall Great Place to Work","Overall a great place to work. Great people. Depending on your role, the environment can be fast-paced and can make you feel pressured at times. Work-Life balance is great with very good benefits especially Paid time off policies. You can tell the company values its people.","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 20, 2017","4.0"
"fast paced and productive work place with little down time","a typical day is a busy day at this bank, your schedule should be full from start to finish. A lot of sales to be had which you get paid on quarterly. Friendly work environment, room for growth","Senior Banker","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 20, 2017","3.0"
"ok","Good place to work and good balance with family life. The pay is decent and the management group is awesome. I would love to work here again if a position opens.","Closer","Former Employee","Monroe, LA","September 20, 2017","4.0"
"A day at this bank","As a Teller you are totally underpaid for the amount of work you do, while waiting on customers and putting your life on the line. Don't settle for the low rate of pay. It's not worth it.","Head Teller","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","September 20, 2017","3.0"
"Working at this bank","Working at this bank isn't so bad. Working a typical 8 hour day and 5 days a week is great. Also the benefits are amazing! The only thing is if you like tracking and getting micro managed by upper management then you should go for it. Other than that, helping out the customers can be very rewarding not only for yourself but also for your paycheck. Quite honestly, I don't have to much to say that would be negative to work at the branch level.","Branch Service Sales Representative","Current Employee","Saint Charles, IL","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"I enjoyed my time at this bank","Great company; needs structural management review, My first manager was wonderful; but he left in my first week for another bank. The area manager took over....he offered no encouragement....that was a real lost opportunity","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Everett, WA","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"Management is Horrible","If I could give management less than a 1 Star, I would! I have never had a manager treat me so poorly and unfair as this place did. When I turned in my two weeks notice that I was leaving- the Branch manager told me I was making a mistake, judged the financial institution I was going to be working at, and proceeded to inform me how I should handle my finances and what I need to spend my money on. When I started at the company , they had 4 employees (including the branch manger, assistant manager and loan officer.) During my short amount of time at the company they lost and rehired the entire staff twice (aside from the branch manger.) Work somewhere else, anywhere else....","Customer Service","Former Employee","Springfield, OH","September 19, 2017","2.0"
"Decent","Not the worst place to be but definitely not ideal. Lots of selling and operational work but a very drab environment. Not advanced yet and not high energy either.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 19, 2017","3.0"
"Productive Day","Great customers make the day go by fast. There are days that it is very busy in the branch that I work in and then there are days that there are no customers.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Macungie, PA","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"Working enjoyable","It is a competitive place to work. Sometime there was a lot to juggle and to do on certain days and others not much excitement. I enjoyed working with the customers and co workers. It was a lot of knowledge to learn at first but then became an easy update here and there for training. It is a great place to work and advance.","Teller II","Former Employee","Coshocton, OH","September 19, 2017","5.0"
"It's okay","Pay is decent considering you really aren't doing much work. If you can do the same thing all day every day - count other peoples money and try to sell them services without gaining a sales record - its for you.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","September 18, 2017","5.0"
" this bank, Consumer Loan Center","I took calls and payments from people who had loans with this bank. fast paced environment. worst part was the angry clients who got transferred around. there was a hugh amout of turnover","Consumer Support Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2017","4.0"
"Policy and procedures","Policy and procedure driven. Company does provide training to ensure compliance. A system is in place to ensure training is completed. HR systems are user friendly.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Urbana, MD","September 18, 2017","3.0"
"I had Great Experiences","I Loved every single manager I has at this bank. But it is a corporation so you have to keep that in mind. Lots of lays offs, no advancements. You went no where really fast there I was board with my job and felt I had learned all I could learn. I do not want to max out at 60k after putting in 30 years. That just was not for me. Some love it , but I needed more. Great benefits and management, and a okay company. But just not for me","Mortgage Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","September 18, 2017","4.0"
"The company stock was sold and company folded","I enjoyed working for this part of this bank as i worked with loan officers within the company. I also helped the reverse mortgage team as well with many aspects. I was disappointed when the company was sold as there wasn't a position for me to take.","Branch Sales Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2017","4.0"
"sweat shop, no care for the employee","The company lacked training and had very few managers that knew the products well enough to assist. They pushed a very heavy work load on their employees. The goals were very out of reach that very few people reached them. They kept increasing the hours. They would have us go in on Saturday too to work more and during the winter they shut of the heat. It got to the point where they were having their employees push in a code every time they left their desk such as making a copy, faxing, taking a loan to a manager, taking a file to u/w etc. It was crazy. They also wanted us to call our customer every day if we had an update or not. It got to the point our underwriters were to work 10 hours then take their computers home to work and also work the weekends. They eventually got up in droves and left 20 at a time. We had no one to underwriter our files and we were still held accountable for closing the loan. It made no sense.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2017","2.0"
"Engaging place to work","Very active culture, looking for ways to improve things, it is just slow because it's a large bank. They do confront challenges when necessary, and people are willing to discuss issues openly.","Program Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2017","4.0"
"Nice work place to work at","It was overall a nice place to work at if your into saying to someone No all the time. Its nothing wrong with that at all you have to sturn and really just understand the job material.","Customer Service Rep and Support","Former Employee","Columbus, OH 43223","September 16, 2017","5.0"
"hard work but many opportunities to move around","Good place to work ok benefits. Make sure you negotiate well when coming in hard to get a raise. Many opportunities to move around and a lot of EBERGS to get involved with.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 15, 2017","4.0"
"mundane","work was boring, training was minimal, boring atmosphere, good co workers, good hours, pto was nice, nothing exciting, benefits were good, little advancement","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place but no career advancement option","It's nice to work there and great team work but healthcare options sucks. 5000 deductible and then pay is way low that any other sector. having good education does not benefit you, high school graduate get same as MBA there.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","September 14, 2017","4.0"
"questionable career move","Very slow pace environment with high pressure to produce sales. Expectations are high with limited resources and equipment that does not work. Also a lot of training irrelevant to job functions.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 14, 2017","2.0"
"I loved it!","I loved every minute of working at this bank. My teller supervisor was the best and kept me happy in my position. My team was truly exceptional-we supported each other every day. We all learned together and when one of us couldn't quite get it, another teammate was there to educate. Training for me was pretty good-no complaints there. The hardest part of this position was learning the ATM and the easiest part was coming to work every day.","Drive In Teller","Former Employee","Nags Head Island, NC","September 14, 2017","5.0"
"It's employment.","Artificially stressful work environment. Weird corporate culture. After orientation it's all downhill from there. There really isn't much to say besides that.","BSSA","Current Employee","Georgia, AL","September 14, 2017","1.0"
"Great company if you work in the right area","Worked for this bank in 2 different markets. The experience was night and day. In one area, there was an excellent support and development network and plenty of opportunity to move into different areas of the bank depending on individual skills and preferences. There was at minimum weekly interaction with specialty team members that handled investments, mortgages, wealth management, etc. to assist in serving the client's needs and identifying clients who would benefit from a targeted conversation with a specialist. It was possible to develop mutually beneficial relationships with the team members assigned to your branch and effectively meet client needs and generate revenue for the bank. In the other area, there was little to no support from senior leadership, inexperienced management in the branches, lack of clear communication, and no plans for expansion in a market where branches are over 2 hours from the nearest branch. The lack of branches means that each day becomes an exercise in handling complaints or cashing checks for non-customers with very little opportunity to focus on growing business. Interaction with specialty team members was non-existent. Conversations about investments, mortgages, estate planning, and more are routed through call centers and handled by indifferent team members who never meet the clients and rarely close on business. Clients would often become frustrated because there was no local investment adviser or mortgage representative to meet with and would walk out and take their business elsewhere. Overall, my experience in the Mid-Atlantic states, - more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","South Carolina","September 14, 2017","3.0"
"very flexible in work location","good flexibility at work place. too many meeting in a day .very counter intuitive to work.way too many managers..thinning needs to happen.. low skilled workers are too many. good place to grow at your own pace","Lead Application Developer","Former Employee","programmer","September 14, 2017","4.0"
"inbound and outbound calls","collected on mortgages from 15-120 days delinquency. base of policies of this bank I offered various alternatives to resolve the delinquent accounts. On the escalation help desk, I would take calls from customer heard out their concerns, following this bank policies and procedures to deescalate the calls.","Escalation Desk Collector","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 13, 2017","3.0"
"Quality people to work with.","Very fast paced environment, with multiple goals to achieve. We worked as a team, supporting each other along the way, but wanting to achieve our goals.","VP - Small Business Banking","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 13, 2017","4.0"
"Relaxed, but no place for advancement","the training is poor. no major place for advancement unless brown noser. too faced, drama. pay rate is low. required to take training classes that are a waste of time","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 12, 2017","3.0"
"Stressful"," this bank is a good place to start out in the financial career. Unfortunately, there is no career advancement opportunity. It is a minimal paying salary job.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Lee, NJ","September 12, 2017","3.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","Productive workplace with very good management. Stressful at times, but the management makes sure that you are trained properly and if you need help they are more than happy to step in and help.","Teller","Former Employee","Montgomery, AL","September 12, 2017","4.0"
"friendly Enviorment","hours are pretty good if branch is fully staffed. gained valuable information on banking industry. increased my knowledge of banking to implement into furthering my career in the field.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Solomons, MD","September 12, 2017","3.0"
"Good Atmosphere","At this bank you knew your position and what was expected of you. There was opportunity to grow as you wanted. Management acknowledged your success and couched you in your struggles. Everyone was a team and worked together to better one another. Over all a really great place to work!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","September 12, 2017","5.0"
"the job itself was awesome the managers weren't so much","there was no work life balance at all , I loved that job but the managers were very rude they helped who they liked the push up who they like so it felt like they didn't care about nothing but there numbers, they preach very hard about work life balance and there wasn't any, but I really love that job and what it could have been for me","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"Working at this bank","Just conduting basic banking transactions. deposits, withdrawals, cashing checks, making money orders and bank checks, answering phones and have the best customer service. Lobby engagement as well.","Teller","part time","Marshalls Creek, PA","September 11, 2017","2.0"
"Horrible place to work","My experience with this bank was terrible. There was a high employee turnover rate, the training that I received was horrible (made us do a bunch of web training), the pay was extremely low","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","September 11, 2017","1.0"
"productive, busy, energetic environment","a typical day at work: organized, busy-sometimes running against the clock. what you learned: basic job skills in my direct position title/job summary, and eventually picked up additional job-related skills; in regards to how to become a better & more efficient tester and learn more about the QA department. management: started off strong and passionate (management that I felt compelled to work hard for and we had each other's back). workplace culture: relaxed, up-beat at times, but also laid-back and comfortable-smaller group in my direction state of location. the hardest part of the job: can be demanding at times, due to the needs of the client & more support could have been helpful and eager to myself. the most enjoyable part of the job: the friendships that were formed","Healthcare Ops Admin","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"job","This job was so different then any other people they did have people that had there clicks, and told on other people so save there self on what ever they did bad did not like this job had to leave. they have people that help only the people they like and not new customers much at all, have to be in the click to get good service.","Allied Barton Security Officer","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 11, 2017","1.0"
" this bank","Working at this bank is very laid back, the only thing is the salary is not enough. I get my work done in a timely manner and my peers are awwesome.Clients are friendly and everyone is very respectful.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Coconut Creek, FL","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"Culture started to shift","The environment started to become convoluted. There was a change in management structure, and it was not geared toward customer relations. However, over the years that I spent being employed by this bank, I built strong knowledge in many areas and engaged in top client relations.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Lawrenceville, NJ","September 11, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to work with.","Productive and always a busy branch. Employees are great to work with. Training and meetings are mandatory. Mileage and meetings are paid. Vacations and days off are scheduled in advance.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Belvidere, IL","September 11, 2017","3.0"
"good company treats employees fairly","Sales calls, meeting with clients team meeting. Partner with corporate banking team to establish and deepen relationships with new and existing clients.","Business Development Officer - Vice President","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 10, 2017","4.0"
"Poor Management","Poor management and lack of training left much to be desired in the branch level. Benefits including health care, dental, vision, and vacation leave were great.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","September 8, 2017","2.0"
"Processor","Did not like the job. I was clueless on a lot of things there. I wish i could have not applied foe the job. Great people to work with awesome hours. Good days","Investor Services Specialist","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","September 8, 2017","4.0"
"Great company to work for!","Human Sigma environment. Highly recommend working for this company. Leadership is always looking to promote the talent from within. Healthy work environment!","Sales Manager","Former Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","September 8, 2017","5.0"
"Performance Driven","Review performance metrics to determine if adjustments need made for the current day's work performance. Monitor live performance for Inbound and outbound calling to ensure production is on track. Handle Esclated customer calls. Attend daily meetings to make sure target goals are being met. Particpate in Strategic meetings to ensure the production targets are being met","Vice President Operations Manager Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2017","4.0"
"Not a great place to work, primarily due to poor management.","Typical bank, poor systems, lack of training and poor managers. They expect everyone to clean up after all the poor transacions that had been put on the books by uncontrolled sales staff in the field, at least as it purtained to the filed sales staff.","ART Asset Resolution Manager","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 8, 2017","3.0"
"Very Nice place to work with nice people","I was working as a teller and customer service representative. It was place to learn and fun. Worked at the front side most of the time. I was enjoying talking all the clients and always happy to explain them the benefits. I was very happy to see them leaving satisfied and happy with my service.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","East Boulevard","September 8, 2017","5.0"
"Una excelente experiencia","Una excelente experiencia, mi último trabajo en Estados Unidos. Crecí y aprendí mucho en el banco.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Twin Rivers, NJ","September 7, 2017","5.0"
"Fast paced and busy.","Although some branches can differ from the one I work at, my branch is always busy and can get a little bit overwhelming. Hours are good but can be changed at a moments notice. Overtime happens a lot. The crew I work with is great and I like doing what I do but Its not a place I want to retire from. I got a degree in art and would like to do something regarding my degree.","Teller I","Current Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"horrible","Business banking was a joke could not get loans approved goals for community bankers were the same as metro bankers the lack of local knowledge was a tremendous handicap","Vice President Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Owensboro, KY","September 7, 2017","1.0"
"Worse bank in USA","The entire culture is based on metro banking unwilling or unwilling to understand community banking entire drive is for accounts not quality a lot like the Wells Fargo system","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Bowling Green, KY","September 7, 2017","2.0"
"Good Bank to work for","Supervision and management of the teller line, along with daily customer transactions in strengthening each relationship. Gathering customer demographics for recommending bank products in fortifying the customer's overall financial position within the bank. Accountable for daily cash management and ATM settlement of branch while in accordance with cash variances and auditory limits/regulations within branch operations. Responsible for teller transactions, referrals, sales, scheduling, and coaching upon an increase in banking products as well as customer engagement with each teller. Teaching/reviewing key concepts with branch employees of loss prevention, branch limits, and fraud detection for a better understanding of policies in place for security and retention","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"good place to work","I happened to luck out and my immediate manager was great but I think a lot of if you like this bank or not depends on this. It is a sales position so you have to like talking to people. this bank takes work/life balance very seriously and makes sure you have the time available to you.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"day shift hours","It is a great job but you have to be able to sell accounts and credit cards everyday and if u don't you get lectured. Your job just isn't about banking its about being a sales person.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","DuBois, PA","September 7, 2017","3.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for"," this bank is an incredible company with immense benefits and competitive salaries. There is no lack towards investing into technology as well as their employees. I would recommend this company to anyone.","SENIOR INFRASTRUCTURE LEAD ENGINEER","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"Great People to work with","In hindsight I truly enjoyed my time at this bank. I would go back there knowing what I know now. I believe the company was fair with their employees and gave back as what was expected.","Madison Branch Manager","Former Employee","Madison, NJ","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"Productive work / life balance","Great Management , great place to work, senior management was top notch. The culture at this bank was incredible, I learned great sales processes, how to take a client from the beginning to end in he sales cycle.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","September 7, 2017","4.0"
"Not a good place for loan officers","Worked in the Home Lending Center and it ended up being a nightmare. Volume was down significantly, resulting in the majority of LOs not hitting tier targets, thus leading to not making any money. There is likely going to be any change to the compensation plan to accurately reflect how much each loan officer is funding. It is hard to make a decent living off a low salary and very low commission. The leads are now stale, with internal customers being called up several times every other month. Processors on the backend are very inexperienced for the most part, and a lot of underwriters will poorly review files and not know product guidelines for the loan they are underwriting. The loan officers are dependent on them to make any, and it's frustrating when they perform poorly as your pay is somewhat dependent on them. Turn over is extremely high, with a good majority of new hires not lasting one year. They will train you without experience, and being a large company have excellent benefits.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 6, 2017","1.0"
"Horrible management not in touch with current expectations","This bank does not promote from within. Departments are supposed to be managed similarly however some departments can approve OT without being monitored. Many departments hire men over women with same work experience.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2017","1.0"
" this bank Cares about their Employees","Unlike other companies where only the customer comes first, this bank differs. As an employee for over 2 years in different positions at this banks I have come to realize that this bank equally cares about making their employees happy as much as their customers.","Reporting Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 5, 2017","5.0"
"Great People","Fast paced and a constantly changing environment. Allows work from home opportunities. The people are fantastic and they really do care about the happiness of their employees.","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 4, 2017","4.0"
"customer service","• Encouraged and engaged customers with financial opportunities, such as creating accounts, managing checks, verification, and debit card usage Recognized for handling money, accounts, and managing currency-counting machine accurately Entrusted staff and bank members with handling sensitive documents and professional cash handling.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Orange, NJ","September 4, 2017","3.0"
"fun workplace","cash handling accurately process costumer cash, check, transfer and statement transactions, with a balanced or reconciled drawer. electronic founds transfers process","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 4, 2017","3.0"
"Great place","Enjoyed my job here, and my co workers. And my managers. Customers were also Great, I so enjoyed coming to work for this company, should of never left Michigan.","Teller","Former Employee","Flushing, MI","September 3, 2017","5.0"
"IT Information Security","Verifying that staff has the access needed to perform their job duties, no more and no less. Verification of managerial approval for access requested. Provided security and access for projects, production issues, and integrations within the bank. Provided department training on Mainframe OS, TSO/ISPF, VSAM, File-Aid, and Syncsort.","Data Security Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2017","4.0"
"Productive worked place","Productive worked a typical day will be making deposit, loan payment, withdraw money from checking or saving, issuing cashier check, cash advance taking phone call and reviewing customer account when they have a concern or an unauthorized transaction, solving customer account issues and referring other products.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Wesley Chapel, FL","September 3, 2017","5.0"
"Great","Great Company and people. They have an amazing work life balance and take pride in their diversity. They are all about hiring within so that you can move up in the company.","Customer Service - Credit Card","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 2, 2017","5.0"
"productive fast paced upbeat workplace","a typical work day was full of interesting phone calls meeting customers from all over the world. everyday you leaned something new. management was exceptional they cared about you as a person and an employee the hardest part of the job was meeting daily goals. the most enjoyable part of the job was making lasting impressions on the customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2017","4.0"
"Its okay i guess","Must be able to endure stressful environments as well as you must be able to take constant critisism but not in a bad way this bank is always about your growth and development as a person and employee","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 1, 2017","4.0"
"team work culture and getting results","probably my most enjoyable job experience as I was at this bank for the longest stint in my career - 8 years. An rewarding job experience - though my salary was low - I was able to get good incentive bonus pay in bringing new business into the firm.","VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","September 1, 2017","4.0"
"Large company","A lot of opportunity for growth with the most opportunity in their headquarters. They provide flexibility in working from home depending on the department you work in. They promote an inclusive environment.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 1, 2017","3.0"
"Fun place to work","They're very pushy with sales . It's like you're almost begging the customer to sign up for a credit card and etc. I loved my customers and my job. The only thing that was stressful was sells. Your job depended on it.","Teller","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","August 31, 2017","3.0"
"It was a summer internship","With the internship, it was meant to be a ten week interview on both sides and after spending my time there I did not enjoy being there. I never saw my boss, the work was almost non existent. I waited weeks for software and I had to figure out how to work for the company on my own. this bank has a lot of positive going for them but the experience I had there was unbelievably unproductive.","Intern Application Developer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 31, 2017","1.0"
"Review","There was quite a lot of opportunity to advance and learn skills on the job. Good benefits. I met a lot of very good people working there and have since kept some as my friends after leaving this bank. I loved that this bank allows their employees to volunteer during work hours. I also took the opportunity many times volunteering during working hours and still was paid for the hours I was away from work. I like their Grow up Great program.","Employee Relations Info Center Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2017","5.0"
"No room for internals","I applied for multiple positions and was never offered a permanent position even though I never did any wrong as a temporary. They have a tendency to look at outside applicants more than internals.","Teller","Former Employee","Delaware","August 31, 2017","1.0"
"Good Work Life Balance","Low pay but if you are a strong seller you can make great incentive quarterly and for great customer service. A typical day includes outbound calling clients and setting appointments. Upper management always wants more from you without giving you the 'title' you might deserve and still wants you to complete your own goals. If you don't like sells stay away.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Viera, FL","August 30, 2017","3.0"
"Fast Past","Fast Past, Competative all the time. Expectations were very high with no real rewards. Loved meeting all my clients. Had many managers while I was employed by this bank. No real leadership that you could connect with and push you along.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Englewood, NJ","August 30, 2017","4.0"
"Horrible place to work","Horrible place to work. No respect, everyone's replaceable attitude. No advancement opportunities or promotions given. Not one team building activity in over 3 years.","NA - Senior Loan Closing Analyst - Commercial","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 30, 2017","1.0"
"very poor management","instead of offering more traing or allowing you to switch to a new manager while in training knowing there were issues between you and the managre they just let you go and then they black ball you from applying for 6 months and other people wont give you the time of day in an interview because your reseaning for being let go is its just not gonna work...","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2017","3.0"
"Best Company","I enjoyed my time working for this company. Being able to work at a fast pace and talking and engaging with customers. While helping them with their finances.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","August 29, 2017","5.0"
"Very stressful place to work","Very micro-management place. Little advance not much to choose from and a load of work from the moment you step in to the door until your finish. Not team work.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Washington, DC","August 29, 2017","1.0"
"poor management","rude co workers, poor management, no parking, long hours only 1 day a week off, poor hr and response hr team, will never work there again, do not recommend","Personal Banker","Former Employee","London, OH","August 29, 2017","1.0"
"Computer Skills","This job helped me inhance my computer skils and strengthen my typing abilities. The environment is ok and the peers are great and helpful. Everyone des their best to maintain.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 29, 2017","3.0"
"Energetic and fast paced environment"," this bank was an exceptional place to work. Putting our customer needs to the fore front during the day was self rewarding. Knowing that I meet and exceeded my customers need reflected in my reviews, however every day came with a new challenge which caused me to dig deeper to rectify our clients problems. Of course the paid vacation days and paid floating holidays made my job less stressful knowing I had the time to spend with family and take care of personal business.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Newtown Square, PA","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"Great place to learn"," this bank's a great place to start your career and to get exposure to different lines of businesses (verticals) within the bank. The culture is very relaxed and managers are very understanding.","Analyst - Portfolio Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"Summary","Company overall is a great company to work for. Good work-life balance, culture, and i have learned a lot about networking with individuals. Love working at this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Fairview Heights, IL 62208","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"Amazing place to work"," this bank was a amazing place to work. from the account holders, to the managers and also peers!! it was very fun and they also showed appreciation to the people who work for them","Account Service Representative - Tier II","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 29, 2017","5.0"
"productive work place","Very fast paced at times. I learned all areas of the check incoding department. Management could be poor at times. The hardest part of the job was when it was slow and learning to deal with different people as a team. The most enjoyable part of the job was the job became like a second family.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","August 29, 2017","2.0"
"Balanced work-life","There was always a great work-life balanace and the company was always sending out things to be involved in on a large scale for community involvement for the employees it was fantastic. You really felt like you had a family at work.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Springboro, OH","August 29, 2017","5.0"
"Banking","Great bank with great products for customers. Incentive based pay so it does not work in small town settings. Management is solid. Daily grind to generate new business.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","LaGrange, GA","August 29, 2017","4.0"
"just work- ( Receivables Management)","Very high in discrimination, poor management style specially among supervisors hiding their inefficiencies by coercing employees who are knowledgeable of the job, very poor in giving training, and follow-up; supports/patronizes harassment/bullying on the floor. No advancement. Supervisors themselves do not follow the company policies with regards to processing of customers accounts-HIPAA violations.","Employee","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","August 28, 2017","1.0"
"Fast paced and fun at times","Very fast paced in the morning, slowed down in the afternoon to evening. Not a lot of busy work to do if you were not assisting clients. Management was come and go, lots of different managers came in and out of the branch making it difficult to adapt at times.","CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Noblesville, IN","August 28, 2017","4.0"
"Great Place to work","I enjoyed coming to work. My co workers were awesome people. I had fun and i would go back. The contracted ended with was sad but other than i enjoyed my time there and made some long time friends","Seasonal Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Herndon, VA","August 28, 2017","5.0"
"I enjoyed working with the people at this bank."," this bank was a pleasant place to work. A god team environment with strong team managers for leadership. When my position was terminated the company was very supportive in helping me find a new job.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Town and Country, MO","August 28, 2017","3.0"
"It was fun working in the this bank","It was fun working in the this bank. Got an opportunity to learned new technics. It was my part time job. Hours are flexible. Colleagues are very friendly.","Teller","Former Employee","Edison, NJ","August 28, 2017","5.0"
"Poor Career choice","Poor advancement opportunities, under appreciated, lack of managerial support, micro-managed, no sense of loyalty nor guidance, very negative environment","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 28, 2017","1.0"
"co-workers really helped one another","The people in Pittsburgh were not nice at all. They were very blunt and acted as if we were nobody. When they acquired RBC they sent 2 people down here to train our department for about 2 weeks and that was it. When you contact them about a problem it was never a consistent answer. Therefore depend on who was questioning you about a situation it was right or wrong. We all got along in our department & helped one another out","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 27, 2017","2.0"
"Worked for over 10 years - Good Experience","Great place to work, very good policies, very good help desk and back office for complicated transactions. Good manger in a challenging environment, good opportunity to learn and help others","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Florham Park, NJ","August 27, 2017","5.0"
"N/a","Mass confusion. A Manager that was untruthful with the public and employees. The hardest part of the job was working with customers who had been told something by management and then expected you to make it happen.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Perryville, KY","August 27, 2017","1.0"
"Very enjoyable","I love meeting no people and helping them with there financial needs. The only reason I ended up leaving was because my daughter ended up getting a brain aneurysm and I moved far away.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Wauconda, IL","August 26, 2017","5.0"
"heavy layoffs","They have heavy layoffs and don't tell you to allow you to prepare for the layoff. I wouldn't recommend this job if i was to be asked. The pay is OK for the industry","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 26, 2017","3.0"
"finantial needs and aid to our customers"," this bank was an exceptional place to work. Putting our customer needs to the fore front during the day was self rewarding. Knowing that I meet and exceeded my customers need reflected in my reviews, however every day came with a new challenge which caused me to dig deeper to rectify our clients problems. Of course the paid vacation days and paid floating holidays made my job less stressful knowing I had the time to spend with family and take care of personal business.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2017","5.0"
"Wonderful place","Wonderful training provided!! The training was very helpful while put in to actual work. Helpful colleagues and Managers. Moderate work load and great work experience achieved!","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Lombard, IL","August 25, 2017","5.0"
"It's fun working there. Salary isn't what I need","I love working there. It's a great place to work. The salary is not what I would like. I can do better at other employment. They do offer vacation time and sick days","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Xenia, OH","August 24, 2017","5.0"
" this bank is a great work environment. Compensation is not competitive.","I love this bank culture and the people I work with. Pay is not adequate, we lose too many quality people as a result. It's unfortunate you have to leave the company in order to get a pay increase.","Business Service Center Assistant Manager","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","August 24, 2017","5.0"
"Low Pay","Enjoy my manager and co workers but pay is awful, very low. Good benefits, time off. The company has very unrealistic goals for desk folks and expect way too much for the compensation they provide.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","August 24, 2017","4.0"
"Greatful","Greatful for a company that invest so much time and energy into its staff. training is consistent. tools and recourses work magic. things within the branch need to change not the company.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Emerson, NJ","August 24, 2017","5.0"
"Productive and challenging always","Truly a very challenging and fast pass work environment. If you are young and energetic this is the place for you. They teach constantly to keep you abreast of chances in the industry.","Senior Trade Service Consultant","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","August 23, 2017","4.0"
"N/a","The day to day work is fine, however this bank is a very conservative bank, which makes it difficult for individuals to meet sales goals and receive their commissions. Salary is also very low in comparison to other banks","Regional Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Greater Washington Region","August 23, 2017","3.0"
"Energetic, high-paced environment."," this bank is a solid, well-managed organization with excellent benefits. Great environment for a self-motivated individual with aspirations to excel. Supporting management team led by visionary leadership team.","VP Credit Community Development","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 23, 2017","5.0"
"Excellect Employee","she was employee of the month a times, always met or exceeded goals, prompt, always customer aware, product knowledge with client, always trying to make the sale","Clerk","Former Employee","Hilliard, OH","August 22, 2017","4.0"
"great place to work for single people","if you have a family, do not work in a call center. once you pick a shift, you have to stick with it and they will barely even consider changing your hours","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 22, 2017","3.0"
"Great work enviorment","Great work environment but the pay is not great. It is hard to get a raise because it depends on your customer surveys and your sells goal, but they say you have no goals to meet. Internal promotion pay is not good.","Teller","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","August 22, 2017","3.0"
"Company that was bought out","In the 90s the culture was awesome. In 2000 priorities changed to financial numbers focus and less on taking care of the customer couldn't keep up with the industry during the financial crisis and was acquired by this bank. Didn't work after the conversion.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 21, 2017","3.0"
"Good Company"," this bank has been great to work for over the last several years. Although avoid management it really takes away from the value of what the company builds their values on i.e. Work life balance.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 21, 2017","4.0"
"aa","I work at this bank. I work at this bank. Then I worked at this bank. I have worked at this bank for eight years and the people I work with are nice but people leave jobs because of management.","AVP - Underwriter","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","August 21, 2017","3.0"
"Would be better in a traditional branch"," this bank is a great company if it weren't for the in store branches. Those are where you work as a teller and platform but get paid less than a platform in a traditional branch. You also work 11-7 weekdays as well as Sundays which stinks. The benefits are great I must say and training was very informative. But another con is feeling like product pushers when the company says that isn't what they are about. The company does seem to have a large turnover though. I would recommend traditional branches but not in store!!!","Personal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","August 20, 2017","3.0"
"Very professional environment !","Very professional environment! Nice management! Nice people! Good place for advancement! Very flexible! Was very happy working there 20 years ago! I would recommend this bank!!!","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 20, 2017","4.0"
"Solid focus on helping customers not pushing products","There is too much staff turnover, in banking in general, this bank was no exception. Initially it was enjoyable, but as the branch model changed from traditional teller/banker assistance, to an en suite approach, I felt it was the wrong way to go, customers go to the bank for reliable, traditional assistance, not to be interviewed at every visit.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cottleville, MO","August 20, 2017","3.0"
"won't hire people to replace those who resigned or retired","we have multiple people retiring but no one is hiring anyone. The work that was performed by retired people gets distributed between remaining employees.Because of this, my duties and responsibilities were changed drastically WITHOUT MY CONSENT.","Finance Analyst","Former Employee","Cincinnati, IN","August 19, 2017","3.0"
"Great vacation benefits"," this bank now gives you 3 weeks of paid vacations and floating holidays. My manager happens to be one of the best managers I've ever had. He loves to motivate you and show you ways on earning more money!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","August 18, 2017","4.0"
"Blah","The company is good with benfits but with growth advandment no such thing but I would def go back I thibnk this bank for everything thank you so much my first real job","Bilingual Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 17, 2017","5.0"
"horrible place to work","its the blind leading the blind- you are better off at any other bank. they have the worst underwriting processes. the goals are double what other banks are so only 10% actually hit bonus which is a joke","Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 17, 2017","1.0"
