50,"Descent job, work hard to meet goal","It's was a great company to work. You really have to perform in order to be considered for a promotion. There is a lot of training courses you can take to develop skills","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 1, 2022","4.0"
51,"Over the last few years this bank has gone political","When I joined this bank it was a rock solid company, not sure what happened but every year they have lost focus. We do not promote internal employees and if promoted internally you do not get a raise for up to two years after the promotion.","Vice President Treasury Management Systems","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","April 30, 2022","2.0"
52,"I enjoyed assisting customers and my colleagues but pay is horrible and hours are long.","A great place to help customers, stable job security. You will enjoy 3 weeks of vacation and paid federal holidays, The pay is horrible and you can expect to work 6 days a week. You. Can look forward to working 9 hours day with a 30 minute lunch if you want a day off during the week. The Goals are not realistic. If you are lucky enough to meet your goals your compensation not worth all the hard work. Please review your paystub and make sure you receive the base pay negotiated because there's no work like balance in this position. ","Branch Banking Relationship Officer","Former Employee","Owings Mills, MD","April 29, 2022","2.0"
53,"Productive and fun place to work ","Very dynamic working place. One of the best place to work. Advancement opportunities there if you want. Co-workers are very co-operative. Overall a good bank to work. ","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 29, 2022","5.0"
54,"Best Company I ever worked for!","Best company I have ever worked for! We even have career counseling to help you decide what direction to go and moving up is extremely easy if that is your goal.","Detection and Investigation Analyst St","Current Employee","Remote","April 28, 2022","5.0"
55,"Great managers","I appreciate the team I worked with. Everyone within the organization that I had the pleasure to work with were helpful. We had great managers who genuinely wanted you to succeed. ","Senior Training Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","April 26, 2022","5.0"
56,"I worked on the southside location Bronzeville","I guess I got lucky my location my branch manager was the best she was really cool and good to work with our regional or district manager was a guy and he was pretty laid-back they definitely expect you to do your job and expect 100% from you but what job doesn't it was a really good work environment never had any complaints I got lucky","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 26, 2022","4.0"
57,"Micromanagement","Management is not supportive and leans toward micromanaging. The environment is not supportive and I don't feel as if I have learned all that I can. Branch operations is not the way to go.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Michigan","April 25, 2022","1.0"
58,"Not bad...","I worked at a downtown location so I had weekends off. This was nice and gave me a sense of work life balance. My branch manage and his boss seemed to care more about delegating work than doing any himself... The assistant branch manager is what made working there worth it.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 25, 2022","4.0"
59,"this bank Leadership is Male Dominated","If you are a woman working at this bank, you'll have less opportunity than your male peers in many groups. Leadership often took credit for subordinate's work. Leadership watched the clock and if you needed to leave 'early', even if you had worked 9-10 hours, it was frowned upon.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 22, 2022","3.0"
60,"Productive and inclusive","Great coworkers, management is struggling but getting better every day. Training has been an issue but management is really trying to make it better since some senior people have been moving to other teams.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 22, 2022","5.0"
61,"Experience ","Working at this bank is a great experience but management is poor. My Colleagues are very helpful.Training no s excellent, pressure to achieve your goals are consistent.","Branch banker","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","April 22, 2022","3.0"
62,"Pretty good salary and benefits ","Salary is higher than most customer service jobs. Benefits are good however they cannot pay me enough to deal with such rude people. The trainings could have been so much better but i feel as though we were rushed through everything to get us on the phones. There's a huge lack of communication amongst the mentors. Some say to do a job one way then others will tell you something else. You are very micromanaged ","Lending Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 22, 2022","2.0"
63,"Disappointed "," this bank wants you to believe that they truly value you as an employee... Management could use a dose of reality checks your general well-being is never considered. When I first started working for this bank tellers were given incentives for teller referrals, they took that away and didn't compensate appropriately. I'm very disappointed with this company I loved my job in the beginning and at the end I was drained and extremely unhappy. ","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Murphy, NC","April 21, 2022","1.0"
64,"Great Starter Job ","It's a great company to work for if you are going to school for something else or if you want to get your foot in the door with the banking world. You can move up easily but only if you are wanting to stay in the retail banking (customer facing and customer service) roles. The corporate or back office roles might require a different entrance into the company. Otherwise, go for it!","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Ahoskie, NC","April 21, 2022","5.0"
65,"All work no fun and hardly any breaks.","Lacks inclusion. Employees are expected to work 7 hour shifts with only 30 minutes break. They don't care about their employees. We are treated like machines. No set schedule either. My schedule changes every week so you can't make plans. Overall I will not recommend this Bank as it's treats it's employees unfairly.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","April 20, 2022","1.0"
66,"Really exciting and interesting work environment where you learn a lot","Everyone there is so kind and willing to help. This was my first internship experience and everyone is so welcoming and willing to help. I would highly recommend.","Asset Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 20, 2022","5.0"
67,"You can move up within the company, management and support is horrible","The call volume is really high, management is horrible, the call flow is so high that you can't take a breather, and when you try to reach out to support it was hard, no one wanted to take the call. I had to leave.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Ohio","April 20, 2022","3.0"
68,"No Work life balance and horrible pay","Does not pay well at all. Long work hours post pandemic. Incompetent managers. Very cheap company. The pay does not match the work demanded. Benefits are nice but that's it.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Washington, DC","April 19, 2022","1.0"
69,"Good pay","The expectations are very high. It is a stressful environment. Customers can be very brutal. They expect a lot from you immediately. If you have tough skin, you could work here. I personally just am too sensitive.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2022","3.0"
70,"Great Culture","Good Company with great benefits. They offer competitive healthcare, and both 401K & Pension. However they are little conservative on the base pay scale, as competitors offer more. Because their base pay is low, their incentive program is really great, as top producers can earn a lot. The drawback to that is that you loose a lot of new employees to competitors because it usually take a while to get your self establish and start performing at a high level to get the big incentives. ","Business Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","Charleston, SC","April 18, 2022","4.0"
71,"An Alright Job","The only benefit that I should say that this company has is that the benefits are pretty decent. The pay could be better. Management is ridiculous and feel like you get no help from anyone. All about sales and numbers, not about employees.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 18, 2022","2.0"
72,"Working remotely was very convenient with decent pay ","Customer support training was minimal. Worked with customers and didn't feel like I had learned enough basic information. Management support and management that focused on job performance we're separate and this was frustrating. ","Customer Service","Former Employee","Remote","April 17, 2022","4.0"
73,"Training is clearly non-existent overall","Starting out, I thought it may be a decent place. I quickly learned that there is zero training overall in all departments. You call for assistance for things, get 4 different answers, no consistency at all within the company. Sick time is plentiful but when I had employees that called in for a week at a time, there was nothing I could really do aside from also do their job on top of mine, so I had to work from home most days. No breaks at all, could hardly use the restroom. Work here if you want to work yourself to death.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","April 16, 2022","1.0"
74,"Great Benefits but so much cold calling","I really enjoy working for my branch! My coworkers and I respect one another. I enjoy working with our customers even with the occasional rude client here and there. However, they push cold calls a lot and some of the sales goals just don't seem attainable. They offer great benefits and I do feel like I am paid adequately. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Avon, IN","April 13, 2022","4.0"
75,"Overall pretty stable job","Too much waterfall like project and not following agile methodology. Also career advanced seems difficult. Based on the market, recently they have made a change to increase salary of workers a lot more than the past and hope they can keep this up","QA Software Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","April 13, 2022","4.0"
76,"Employee at this bank","Unless you were a favorite in that branch or if you have kids you are treated differently people who have kids are allowed to call in whenever they want to or leave whenever they want to. Also some people are allowed to break policy over others again if your favorite you get away with it","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Logansport, IN","April 12, 2022","1.0"
77,"Supportive work place with growth opportunities and amazing work life balance ","Always feel appreciated in my work. However the pay does not fairly reflect job responsibility and requirements. Great vacation and PTO incentives. Benefits could be better, but they seem to be competitive across corporations. ","Retail Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 12, 2022","5.0"
78,"A lot depends on your own mental attitude","Day in the Life, taking calls from regular consumers about ckg and savings, debit cards, overdrafts. Online banking calls: unlock, explain to people what a browser is or how to close a window. Time goes fast, calls are varied. Worst part is daily reports about how you take too long by so-many-seconds on average, per call. You just have to enjoy helping people and realize you're doing just fine. Sometimes that's harder than others. ","Customer Service Rep II","Former Employee","Illinois","April 11, 2022","4.0"
79,"I used to love this job, but things have gotten tough.","I started at this bank a few years ago and moved up pretty quickly after snagging a few promotions. I used to love this job, but find it getting harder everyday to get up and do my best. I feel like since the merger in 2021, we've been on a very difficult path to recovery and not much is being done to help the front line staff answering customer questions and complaints. We went from being busy (1-2 minute call wait times) to exceptionally busy (customers are waiting 30 minutes to an hour before an agent is able to help). Since the turn of the year, this has not been getting better. this bank has tried to help some of these people by raising the minimum wage company-wide. While that did help some newer people, a lot of us got stuck with little to nothing in terms of a rate increase. While it MAY get back to normal in the next few months it has been pretty terrible from October 2021 to the current date. I am getting very demotivated and am seeking other opportunities outside the company. Other jobs are out there that pay more for this type of work.","Financial Services Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","April 11, 2022","3.0"
80,"Good place to work.","Great place to learn new things.Supportive in learning new technologies.Lots of free online training.Good payUnrealistic goals sometimes.Management wants to be agile but still hard dates for deliveries.Overall its aged company though. ","QA Architect","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2022","4.0"
81,"Productive and exciting workplace ","This job has been a great position during the pandemic to work at and I had a good time with my staff and managers. I support anyone that wants to work here","Teller","Former Employee","Normal, IL","April 11, 2022","5.0"
82,"Fast-paced, poor work/life balance but good people","Days are fast paced with too much time fixing problems resulting from poor leadership communication. Co-workers are wonderful but can only maintain positivity so long. ","Project Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2022","3.0"
83,"Good place to work, bad pay","They need better training and pay. They seem to pay less the more I worked there. Their transition from bank B was not easy and I feel like they could have communicated better to employees but especially the clients.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","April 8, 2022","4.0"
84,"Good Life/work Balance "," this bank is a good company to work for. They care about life/work balance and allow flexible start times. Employee Engagement is also important to the company.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2022","4.0"
85,"Great job especially after the new raise for tellers! ","Great place to get your foot in the door especially after graduating highschool. It offers all the office type work experience needed to excel in any other type of office job setting with good pay for all entry level positions. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Saginaw, MI","April 6, 2022","3.0"
86,"Good Company Culture","Lots of room for growth, however internal candidates are only given the opportunity for 10% raises. The compensation leaves much to be desired: I've actually heard a number of people I'm different lines of business leave the organization for better pay and then return to this bank using their current salary with the other organization as leverage. ","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Remote","April 6, 2022","4.0"
87,"Do not recommend ","Training is not clear, once on the floor, what was said in training is now completely different from what you'll actually be doing.QA also rigid- dinged for items that you were told were the correct way/steps when in training.","Hazard Insurance Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 5, 2022","1.0"
88,"Nice place to work","It is a very good place to work to start up and have a start up career. Also a good college student job because of pay and hours. Customers can be iffy","Teller","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 5, 2022","5.0"
89,"Decent place to work but lower on salaries"," this bank is an all right place to work. They heavily focus on technology. Some managers were terrible and straight up rude to employees. Compensation is okay.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2022","3.0"
90,"Productive and fun place to work. Compensation is lacking."," this bank is a great place to work in terms of workload. Not so much at first but getting better now. Coworkers are great but the work can get a bit boring and repetitive.","Compliance Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 30, 2022","4.0"
91,"Great benefits but...","They need better training and pay. They seem to pay less the more I worked there. Their transition from bank B was not easy and I feel like they could have communicated better to employees but especially the clients. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","March 30, 2022","3.0"
92,"Good pay redundant paperwork","The pay is good. It is hard to get some days off due to the only one person out of the branch policy. A lot of having to input the same info into different systems to receive proper credit. A lot is expected from you in a day but there never seems to be enough time to get it done. ","Teller","Current Employee","Pensacola, FL","March 29, 2022","3.0"
93,"The this bank Board needs to reexamine the Leadership!"," this bank has turned management into a team of babysitters that only recognize what the team is doing wrong. Never a 'good job' or 'great progress' and more importantly 'THANK YOU'. Leaders address those who are not performing individually. I am sick of hearing how the team failed when I meet all of my goals! The majority of people are working long hours, training is practically non-existent or sporadic at best, we are told to reduce errors and take our time and the next day to pick up extra work and get it done faster (while constantly training due to turnover because we have no formal department training program). Can't you manage the company while retaining and keeping your employees semi-happy at their workplace? Also, it is sickening to read what the Executives receive in yearly stock options/bonuses, your yearly salary is already more than my whole department combined! I understand the dynamics and responsibilities on your shoulders but you have turned extremely greedy while watching the staff figure out how they are going to feed their family/or pay for parking on their meager salary. I will obtain my degree in 2 months, I doubt my manager even remembers, and like some others, I am looking for a job that appreciates and rewards me for my work ethic and loyalty as well as my desire to assist others while independently striving to grow myself. Audios!","Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2022","2.0"
94,"Slow paced","Slow Paced, good if you're in one of the lending teams. Less Devs with lot of agile people which is self explanatory as a mid level bank. Low compensation ","Software Developer","Current Employee","Remote","March 28, 2022","3.0"
95,"Could be a great environment with better management","Abysmal management that on morning meanings would tell us 'Sometimes the best work is work we don't get paid for'. Horrid work/life balance, decent pay but not for the amount of stress","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 28, 2022","1.0"
96,"Trading was stressful and triggered my anxiety","I wouldn't recommend this job unless you have previous banking experience. In my training class it seemed the ones with previous banking experience caught on a lot faster. I've worked with a few work from home call centers before and this was the most tedious and stressful one of all. I understand why they offer benefits and free accounts because they know the job is stressful.","Customer Service Representative work from home","Former Employee","Work from home","March 25, 2022","2.0"
97,"It had a great training program but in the branch was very different","Great training program that got you excited for your role. However the real life day to day in branch was not the same. High goals and high pressure even if not putting customer needs first","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","March 23, 2022","4.0"
98,"Internship Experience ","Everyone was nice and encouraging. It is a very relaxed position and you will need to take initiative in taking more tasks. You are on your own most of the time.","Treasury Management Sales Officer","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 23, 2022","3.0"
99,"Good place to work","You really have to take charge in wanting to advance and make sure you are open about it with management. this bank offers the tools and resources to make this possible as well. ","Branch Service Representative","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 22, 2022","4.0"
