"Great place to work for most","I have really enjoyed working here, the only issue is in career advancement. There are some traditional routes that work for some, but anything outside the norm is extremely difficult no matter what level of performance or participation you have.","Branch Sales and Service Associate II","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","March 27, 2019","4.0"
"It's a job","You go in five days a week do what you need to then leave, the employees are jerks, and the manager does nothing to keep them from being one. If the employees were more respectful it would be a decent place to work.","Cook","Current Employee","San Antonio, TX","June 2, 2022","3.0"
"Stressful","Banking as a whole has become an awful industry to work in. Large corporations still using old school tactics to bring in sales. Corporate yuppies don't understand that pounding pavement to attract sales is not an effective sales method. Furthermore, the manager is tied up in meetings all day that get in the way of managing, which leaves little time to get anything done. ","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Florida","June 1, 2022","2.0"
"Micromanaged and very little room for growth","I worked for this bank for about 10 years and every stop was a non existent budget for raises, positions that continue to expand with compensation to match. Find a better company if growth and development are your thing.","Executive Client Relations","Former Employee","OH","June 1, 2022","3.0"
"Stressful environment ","Core service consultant. This place is essentially a phone factory where management offers little assistance and expects associates to take back to back phone calls all day.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 1, 2022","1.0"
"Productive ","It is a good place to work with management who cares to see you succeed. Some banks micro manage but this one doesn't. this bank also really cares about your benefits ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 30, 2022","5.0"
"Every year they cut your pay","Every year they expect you to work 20% harder for 20% less. There is no future of growth for you as an MLO. Management makes poor decisions, but you as the employee shoulder the burden for it. They don't hire the staff when the market is hot, and they then overcompensate by hiring too much, and don't see the market changing. Currently, their idea of fixing the market downturn is for you to call dead end phone numbers of existing customers in their data base. Then the Master Plan is to automate MLOs out of their jobs as much as possible to assure future cuts in MLO pay.","Sr Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 29, 2022","2.0"
"I learned a lot on the job It was a good experience."," Working the evening shift was a plus for me at the time I worked in their corporate office working on various bank documents. This helped me learn more about how the banking business worked, more about how checks and other items were recorded and verified. I learned how the bank process is handled. I had no problem with My manager or supervisor. The workplace was culture. The job was easy nothing was hard about the Job. Working as a team player and keeping busy. ","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","8800 Tinicum Blvd. Phila.PA. 19153","May 28, 2022","4.0"
"I have a lot to say about this company but it's pointless …","poor management and your work like balance is never going to be 'a balance ' but I'm just one person but this bank isn't all bad /amazing benefit are good .","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","May 27, 2022","1.0"
"Worst place to work","No work life balance. Outdated systems. Extreme Micromanaging. They watch you by cameras and then open investigations based on assumptions. You don't have control over your branch and no ability to waive fees for good clients! If you need to step out of the branch and have worked over 40 hours they still make you use your occasional absence! The Regional Manager could not even understand that goes against Florida Law! this bank wants you to just be a micromanaging robot! Clients are just another person and they say they are about relationship building but their actions do not show it! I received a job offer for 20k more with a much better Financial Institution that truly values their employees and clients! ","Sr Branch Manager","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 27, 2022","1.0"
"It'll do, but it kind of sucks","When I started at this bank I was really excited and energized. I had heard a lot about the opportunities this bank offers. That part is true, they have a lot of different departments you can train in and growth opportunities. The downside is you do have to stay an entire year in your current position before you can apply for a different one. So if you hate the area you're working in you better be able to suck it up for 12 months. They do their best to have life/work balance and are big on employees quality of life. However, if you work in a physical branch, you will not be trained. I moved from the care center to the branch and was put in an office for 4 months to train myself. I made countless mistakes every single day due to lack of resources and training. They use outdated software that is extremely hard to navigate and crashes constantly. I got fired for something small, it was my fault, but a writeup may have been a good first step as I had never had a red mark. The people I worked with were great but you could tell how much they hated their jobs. The end of my career with this bank I was extremely burned out and stressed. If you want to be overworked and work 6 days a week twice a month, this bank would be for you. ","Banker","Former Employee","Paw Paw, MI","May 26, 2022","2.0"
"Productive, inclusive but lacks work life balance","Everyone does their share here although some managers believe in micromanaging. You only have to stay in each position for a year and you can move around and apply for a new position as much as you would like. My only 2 complaints are with the pay; while they increased the base pay for all positions, positions like tellers supervisors and people who are both bankers and tellers have sales requirements but receive no sales pay. Also the hours are getting worse it makes work life balance hard for those who have small children. Maternity, 401k, stock options, and tuition reimbursement along with other benefits are great.","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Delaware","May 26, 2022","3.0"
"It was okay. ","Okay place to work at. Seems like all they cared about was sales. It paid the bills. Work life balance was okay. Not a job I was completely thrilled about. ","Service Representative","Former Employee","Gloucester City, NJ","May 26, 2022","3.0"
"Don't work here","I have been with the company for 6 months and been without a manager for 5 months. I have to learn the banks systems by myself with no help from upper management. Don't waste your time with this company. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Asheville, NC","May 26, 2022","1.0"
"Micromanage and demeaning ","Worked here for 3 months as a Sales Rep because that's all I could take. Managers micromanage you. You can't even go to the bathroom. If you do, they'll ask where you were for so long (3-10 mins). I remember during training, someone asked are we allowed to take a break to go to the bathroom. One supervisor said do it on your scheduled break time. Taking calls back to back with people screaming at you and they don't let you take a break to decompress from it. This place is horrible for your mental, physical and emotional health","Sales Associate","Former Employee","Remote","May 25, 2022","1.0"
"Good job. ","Good place to work. Great benefits. Flexible schedules. Great managers. Could offer more opportunities to advance within lines of business. But overall a good place to work. ","Processor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 25, 2022","5.0"
"They 'customer service' their own employees","The pay is nice however the stress is almost not worth it. Half the time you don't even know who your manager is. They are getting so big that they can't properly service their employees and you just get pushed around. I've heard that they will escalate issues too many times and nothing is ever done. ","Customer Care Center Rep","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","May 23, 2022","1.0"
"You are just an underpaid Robot","They expect the world, with repetitive, duplicate documentation using sub standard computer systems that are always crashing. No work/life balance unless you are Management. They feel that they can command your life 24/7. Schedules set, but that is all fake since once you plan on the schedule set for you, they change it at a moment's notice despite anything you may have planned. If you refuse to 'fill in', they lump you as a non-team player. Management commits you to work areas and times they have not asked you ahead of time. Lunches are always interrupted, so if you want to have the time you are allowed, you have to actually leave the premises and turn off your phone.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Maryland","May 23, 2022","1.0"
"Company seems great, but my branch wasn't. ","I had high hopes with this bank. Poor management within my branch contributed to a terrible work environment. Too much gossip about new people. Managers lie because they don't know the answer. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","North Carolina","May 22, 2022","2.0"
"Stressful place to work . Over worked and undervalued ","You are overworked and underpaid and not appreciated at all. Management is terribly and there is always miscommunication between managers. Such a stressful job. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","May 22, 2022","2.0"
"Pay is good ","It a ok company to work for but they are not organized I wish it stayed bank B because once it become this bank they changed a lot but the pay is better I will say that's the only thing that's better than bank B ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","May 22, 2022","3.0"
"No Comment ","Typical Banking profit over people mentality. Better you do the more overwhelmed other areas are and then leads to great worker morale. On top of that the better one does the more incentive one makes but less they have to dole out for next quarterly making it harder to make said goals.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 21, 2022","2.0"
"The bank of the past"," this bank tries so hard to be a bank of the future but has terrible systems in place filled with service issues. Multiple locations have gone cashless yet atm always have service issues, new system still has a lot of bugs to work out and staffing is always a problem due to a high turnover rate. They expect you to drive sales but do not properly train you or give you proper product knowledge. The variety in products/ services is not competitive enough with the market and customer service department is even long wait times for the internal lines. The check in process for clients is completely awful and most customers complain about it yet it is enforced tremendously.Management gets to do whatever they want and regional manager doesn't really care about what's actually going on in the branches. This is a great place to work if you like to be swamped with clients and have a bunch of meaningless tasks to complete you barely have time to do.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","May 19, 2022","2.0"
"Got me through Covid, But still not satisfactory ","I'm grateful to this bank for getting me and my family through covid, and the benefits ( HSA, PARENTAL LEAVE, VACATION ) are nice, but ultimately due to some poor changes in incentives, branch hours, staffing and pay, i wouldn't call this bank a great company to work for. ","Branch Banker and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 18, 2022","2.0"
"Good Start to banking career, burned out quickly ","Great place to learn and start your bank career. Lots of support from team members if you needed it. Downside was politics and playing favorites which I feel is most bank culture at the branch level. Really depends on management and there willingness to mentor you ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Georgia","May 18, 2022","3.0"
"Branch Manager ","1) Overworked, expected to work 6 days a week, work life balance is a joke in retail banking. 2) Sales quota doesn't reflect branch location and traffic. this bank approval criteria for lending services is extremely rigid, that doesn't work in a low to meditate income area. In addition managers have to drive small business in addition to other duties. 3) operations is outdated! Complete waste of productivity. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 17, 2022","1.0"
"Productive, great learning experience, enjoyable job","I really enjoyed my time with this bank Financial Institution. I had an outstanding manager that I learned a lot from! A great place to work, with great compensation and benefits!","Bank Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Willard, OH","May 17, 2022","5.0"
"Poor management ","Regional manger hires his friends from previous competitors and makes them managers. They are lazy, incompetent and arrogant. Turnover is high, training is horrible","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia County, PA","May 17, 2022","2.0"
"Overall a good company","This company has plenty of opportunities for advancement. It's just getting past the managers that have a chip on their shoulders. The micromanaging and the attitudes were overwhelming. ","Business Banking Specialty","Former Employee","Remote","May 16, 2022","4.0"
"Great company, poor senior managers"," this bank (mortgage) is an all right company to work for. I love that they promote working remotely, and so far all of my direct managers have been great! However, my senior managers have not been. They only care about reports and numbers, and not the actual employee. If you're blessed to work here & have a great frontline a manger then you'll be fine. Oh yea, getting hired on is like you're working for the FBI. The hiring process is strenuous and doesn't even align with the job and environment of the company.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Remo","May 16, 2022","3.0"
"The hardest part of the job is keeping up with the change in policy and procedures it can get to be a little tricky","The hardest part of the job is keeping up with the change in policy and procedures it can get to be a little tricky. When there is an issue with the employee especially one that has given years of service to this bank they should have More of a voice than what they have when it come to Disciplinary action","Senior Teller","Former Employee","Montezuma, GA","May 16, 2022","1.0"
"Good place to work ","If you can self manage while working from home, you can be very successful. However, if you can't, then you will fail rather quickly. Management is great, except for one person, however minimal interaction with them makes this job very satisfying.","Manager","Current Employee","Remote","May 14, 2022","4.0"
"Great way to start but limited room for growth","I found my time within the Investor Reporting Department to be full of learning opportunities and really appreciated my coworkers and management in their enthusiastic willingness to teach me as I worked. I would highly recommend you start your career with this bank. ","Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Remote","May 13, 2022","5.0"
"Great place to work if you are hard working","I have been at this bank for only 2 months but I can confidently tell you it's a great place to work. They actively look to promote from within, as well as they are incredibly supportive. It is FAST PACED LEARNING so be prepared for that. If you get overwhelmed, tell your mentors, they are incredible and want you to succeed. I happen to work very late hours and I didn't feel that was significantly expressed to me when I accepted the job, but the pay and benefits outweigh the unfortunate working hours. ","Lending Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","May 13, 2022","5.0"
"Really cool","I liked working here it was fun and got good experience and got paid well enough for the hours and got some really great experience and it was fun lol","Investment Banking Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 12, 2022","5.0"
"Micromanaging, no work life balance","Branch manager role. Micromanagement to the core. Report after report of things you aren't doing correctly. Audits are conducted through the cameras. Absolutely no cell phone tolerance. Branch managers are business bankers- cold calls to prospect businesses and held accountable for achieving business goals alone (no bankers open business accounts) and held accountable for achieving consumer side as well. Incentive pay out only happens when 50% of your bankers achieve their goals, not if the branch is 100% or above or if you achieve the business goal that you are held personally accountable for. under-staffed and no applicants. Expected to conduct weekly meetings with every employee to touch base their goals - with no staff. Depending on branch size, bankers expected to call 800+ calls to consumers and branch managers expected to conduct consumer and business calls to be at target. this bank is in the middle of switching programs to make it 'easier' - it's not. Expected to have 5 star customer service, write monthly action plans, and call surveys conducted on the branch for feedback and now additional calls to bad surveys to be invited back to be surveyed again. Phones must be answered on 3rd ring, even in front of clients at your station, expected to deliver offers to the client in the same interaction while delivering exceptional customer service, within a 'timely' (2 minute) manner. Corporate drives through your branches drive thru's and times their wait time while surprise visiting your branch. Anyway, good benefits. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Merchantville, NJ","May 11, 2022","2.0"
"Great coworkers, fair pay","As long as you have a good manager, this is a great place to work. Everyone is super helpful and fun to work with. We do have goals to meet each month which gives me a challenge but I enjoy that. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Millersburg, OH","May 11, 2022","4.0"
"Great company but horrible upper management","great company to work for but everyone is competing against each other....sometimes management told you one thing and then damned if you do and don't. its a country club place... mickey mouse house club.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 10, 2022","3.0"
"Great Work Culture ","I love work at this bank they hold strong core value and actually follow them. They are big on employee development and a innovative company. They take customer and employee feedback and in corporate it into there procedure. The pay is great as well. I love this bank ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","May 10, 2022","5.0"
"Terrible","Horrible place to work. Awful management and even more awful culture. Truly a miserable experience. Just enough pay to make other places less appealing not enough pay to make for a decent life. All around demoralizing and inhumane work environment. ","Consumer Loans Recovery Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 9, 2022","1.0"
"Poor Retail Lending leadership has led to a mass exodus of top talent. No signs of improvement. ","Since the current leadership in the Retail Lending business has taken over the business environment has suffered greatly. The majority of the experienced product management talent have all left over the last year as a result of poor leadership and recent leadership decisions have made thing worse, especially in the card business. If you're considering a role in retail/card proceed with caution. Average pay, a difficult management team and low morale make this a challenging place to work. ","Senior Product Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 9, 2022","2.0"
"Do not take FA job at the branch","Bankers and tellers are forced to provide you with so call referrals. 99% are bad, so they can get management off their backs. The book you are given has been picked by all the old time advisors and you are left with the lower level clients. Compensation is also poor if you can not meet your goals. ","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Eatontown, NJ","May 9, 2022","1.0"
"Management is super toxic.No confidentiality, hard to get vacation requested. ","Sales pressure. Goals are unrealistic.Pressured to sale credit cards is insane.Constantly driving to Milwaukee for meetings that could be done virtually.Can't sit down. You get to work 8 + hours on your feet. ","Service Associate","Former Employee","West Bend, WI","May 8, 2022","2.0"
"Not a good place to work. Goals are way to high and pay is very low compared to other banks. "," Not a good place to work. Goals are way to high and pay is very low compared to other banks. However the benefits are somewhat good. But management looks everything that you do and criticizes your work. I would not consider this place if you are thinking about going into the banking industry.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","May 7, 2022","1.0"
"Lots of contact with home office in PA and everyone was super to work with!","Loved working here and would still be there if they had not moved their offices back to Pittsburgh. Now they have come back to Texas!!! Management was terrific. What we was needed to do the job was provided.","Staff Assistant to Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 6, 2022","5.0"
"Good company","If you do your part they will definitely take care of you. They do offer a lot of advancement if you put enough effort into you job. Was very happy while employed with them ","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Lancaster, OH","May 4, 2022","3.0"
"Great Company because of Trainers & Management","The Trainers, and the training scheduled classes were really informative and live real day to day experiences.The only thing is when you were asked to get work done(overtime) and were not paid for it.","Mortgage Loan Processor Remote","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 4, 2022","4.0"
"Used to be decent, now a total nightmare ","Managers do not care about you, they treat you as a number. Compensation for goals were taken away yet you are still demanded to meet those goals. Corporate is a joke, they could care less about the little people. Expect to leave late and work every weekend since they barely hire people. Good job if you want to put a paycheck before your mental and physical health.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Troy, MI","May 3, 2022","1.0"
"Retail Lending business environment continues to suffer under current leadership team (Especially in Card) ","Over the past 3-4 years the work environment in this bank's retail lending world has suffered greatly due to it's ineffective leadership team. As a result the work environment has become toxic, especially in card for both the product team and business partners. Lack of leadership experience, poor strategic vision and the careless approach to managing employee relations and growth has lead to a mass exodus of much of the top talent. As a result of an weak and inexperienced leadership team it is nearly impossible to accomplish the goals that are set and it has begun to negatively impact business in a major way. Under current leadership, especially in card, not a great environment to work in. ","Product Manager","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 3, 2022","2.0"
"Descent job, work hard to meet goal","It's was a great company to work. You really have to perform in order to be considered for a promotion. There is a lot of training courses you can take to develop skills","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","New Jersey","May 1, 2022","4.0"
"Over the last few years this bank has gone political","When I joined this bank it was a rock solid company, not sure what happened but every year they have lost focus. We do not promote internal employees and if promoted internally you do not get a raise for up to two years after the promotion.","Vice President Treasury Management Systems","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","April 30, 2022","2.0"
"I enjoyed assisting customers and my colleagues but pay is horrible and hours are long.","A great place to help customers, stable job security. You will enjoy 3 weeks of vacation and paid federal holidays, The pay is horrible and you can expect to work 6 days a week. You. Can look forward to working 9 hours day with a 30 minute lunch if you want a day off during the week. The Goals are not realistic. If you are lucky enough to meet your goals your compensation not worth all the hard work. Please review your paystub and make sure you receive the base pay negotiated because there's no work like balance in this position. ","Branch Banking Relationship Officer","Former Employee","Owings Mills, MD","April 29, 2022","2.0"
"Productive and fun place to work ","Very dynamic working place. One of the best place to work. Advancement opportunities there if you want. Co-workers are very co-operative. Overall a good bank to work. ","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 29, 2022","5.0"
"Best Company I ever worked for!","Best company I have ever worked for! We even have career counseling to help you decide what direction to go and moving up is extremely easy if that is your goal.","Detection and Investigation Analyst St","Current Employee","Remote","April 28, 2022","5.0"
"Great managers","I appreciate the team I worked with. Everyone within the organization that I had the pleasure to work with were helpful. We had great managers who genuinely wanted you to succeed. ","Senior Training Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","April 26, 2022","5.0"
"I worked on the southside location Bronzeville","I guess I got lucky my location my branch manager was the best she was really cool and good to work with our regional or district manager was a guy and he was pretty laid-back they definitely expect you to do your job and expect 100% from you but what job doesn't it was a really good work environment never had any complaints I got lucky","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 26, 2022","4.0"
"Micromanagement","Management is not supportive and leans toward micromanaging. The environment is not supportive and I don't feel as if I have learned all that I can. Branch operations is not the way to go.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Michigan","April 25, 2022","1.0"
"Not bad...","I worked at a downtown location so I had weekends off. This was nice and gave me a sense of work life balance. My branch manage and his boss seemed to care more about delegating work than doing any himself... The assistant branch manager is what made working there worth it.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 25, 2022","4.0"
" this bank Leadership is Male Dominated","If you are a woman working at this bank, you'll have less opportunity than your male peers in many groups. Leadership often took credit for subordinate's work. Leadership watched the clock and if you needed to leave 'early', even if you had worked 9-10 hours, it was frowned upon.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 22, 2022","3.0"
"Productive and inclusive","Great coworkers, management is struggling but getting better every day. Training has been an issue but management is really trying to make it better since some senior people have been moving to other teams.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 22, 2022","5.0"
"Experience ","Working at this bank is a great experience but management is poor. My Colleagues are very helpful.Training no s excellent, pressure to achieve your goals are consistent.","Branch banker","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","April 22, 2022","3.0"
"Pretty good salary and benefits ","Salary is higher than most customer service jobs. Benefits are good however they cannot pay me enough to deal with such rude people. The trainings could have been so much better but i feel as though we were rushed through everything to get us on the phones. There's a huge lack of communication amongst the mentors. Some say to do a job one way then others will tell you something else. You are very micromanaged ","Lending Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 22, 2022","2.0"
"Disappointed "," this bank wants you to believe that they truly value you as an employee... Management could use a dose of reality checks your general well-being is never considered. When I first started working for this bank tellers were given incentives for teller referrals, they took that away and didn't compensate appropriately. I'm very disappointed with this company I loved my job in the beginning and at the end I was drained and extremely unhappy. ","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Murphy, NC","April 21, 2022","1.0"
"Great Starter Job ","It's a great company to work for if you are going to school for something else or if you want to get your foot in the door with the banking world. You can move up easily but only if you are wanting to stay in the retail banking (customer facing and customer service) roles. The corporate or back office roles might require a different entrance into the company. Otherwise, go for it!","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Ahoskie, NC","April 21, 2022","5.0"
"All work no fun and hardly any breaks.","Lacks inclusion. Employees are expected to work 7 hour shifts with only 30 minutes break. They don't care about their employees. We are treated like machines. No set schedule either. My schedule changes every week so you can't make plans. Overall I will not recommend this Bank as it's treats it's employees unfairly.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","April 20, 2022","1.0"
"Really exciting and interesting work environment where you learn a lot","Everyone there is so kind and willing to help. This was my first internship experience and everyone is so welcoming and willing to help. I would highly recommend.","Asset Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 20, 2022","5.0"
"You can move up within the company, management and support is horrible","The call volume is really high, management is horrible, the call flow is so high that you can't take a breather, and when you try to reach out to support it was hard, no one wanted to take the call. I had to leave.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Ohio","April 20, 2022","3.0"
"No Work life balance and horrible pay","Does not pay well at all. Long work hours post pandemic. Incompetent managers. Very cheap company. The pay does not match the work demanded. Benefits are nice but that's it.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Washington, DC","April 19, 2022","1.0"
"Good pay","The expectations are very high. It is a stressful environment. Customers can be very brutal. They expect a lot from you immediately. If you have tough skin, you could work here. I personally just am too sensitive.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2022","3.0"
"Great Culture","Good Company with great benefits. They offer competitive healthcare, and both 401K & Pension. However they are little conservative on the base pay scale, as competitors offer more. Because their base pay is low, their incentive program is really great, as top producers can earn a lot. The drawback to that is that you loose a lot of new employees to competitors because it usually take a while to get your self establish and start performing at a high level to get the big incentives. ","Business Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","Charleston, SC","April 18, 2022","4.0"
"An Alright Job","The only benefit that I should say that this company has is that the benefits are pretty decent. The pay could be better. Management is ridiculous and feel like you get no help from anyone. All about sales and numbers, not about employees.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 18, 2022","2.0"
"Working remotely was very convenient with decent pay ","Customer support training was minimal. Worked with customers and didn't feel like I had learned enough basic information. Management support and management that focused on job performance we're separate and this was frustrating. ","Customer Service","Former Employee","Remote","April 17, 2022","4.0"
"Training is clearly non-existent overall","Starting out, I thought it may be a decent place. I quickly learned that there is zero training overall in all departments. You call for assistance for things, get 4 different answers, no consistency at all within the company. Sick time is plentiful but when I had employees that called in for a week at a time, there was nothing I could really do aside from also do their job on top of mine, so I had to work from home most days. No breaks at all, could hardly use the restroom. Work here if you want to work yourself to death.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","April 16, 2022","1.0"
"Great Benefits but so much cold calling","I really enjoy working for my branch! My coworkers and I respect one another. I enjoy working with our customers even with the occasional rude client here and there. However, they push cold calls a lot and some of the sales goals just don't seem attainable. They offer great benefits and I do feel like I am paid adequately. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Avon, IN","April 13, 2022","4.0"
"Overall pretty stable job","Too much waterfall like project and not following agile methodology. Also career advanced seems difficult. Based on the market, recently they have made a change to increase salary of workers a lot more than the past and hope they can keep this up","QA Software Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","April 13, 2022","4.0"
"Employee at this bank","Unless you were a favorite in that branch or if you have kids you are treated differently people who have kids are allowed to call in whenever they want to or leave whenever they want to. Also some people are allowed to break policy over others again if your favorite you get away with it","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Logansport, IN","April 12, 2022","1.0"
"Supportive work place with growth opportunities and amazing work life balance ","Always feel appreciated in my work. However the pay does not fairly reflect job responsibility and requirements. Great vacation and PTO incentives. Benefits could be better, but they seem to be competitive across corporations. ","Retail Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 12, 2022","5.0"
"A lot depends on your own mental attitude","Day in the Life, taking calls from regular consumers about ckg and savings, debit cards, overdrafts. Online banking calls: unlock, explain to people what a browser is or how to close a window. Time goes fast, calls are varied. Worst part is daily reports about how you take too long by so-many-seconds on average, per call. You just have to enjoy helping people and realize you're doing just fine. Sometimes that's harder than others. ","Customer Service Rep II","Former Employee","Illinois","April 11, 2022","4.0"
"I used to love this job, but things have gotten tough.","I started at this bank a few years ago and moved up pretty quickly after snagging a few promotions. I used to love this job, but find it getting harder everyday to get up and do my best. I feel like since the merger in 2021, we've been on a very difficult path to recovery and not much is being done to help the front line staff answering customer questions and complaints. We went from being busy (1-2 minute call wait times) to exceptionally busy (customers are waiting 30 minutes to an hour before an agent is able to help). Since the turn of the year, this has not been getting better. this bank has tried to help some of these people by raising the minimum wage company-wide. While that did help some newer people, a lot of us got stuck with little to nothing in terms of a rate increase. While it MAY get back to normal in the next few months it has been pretty terrible from October 2021 to the current date. I am getting very demotivated and am seeking other opportunities outside the company. Other jobs are out there that pay more for this type of work.","Financial Services Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","April 11, 2022","3.0"
"Good place to work.","Great place to learn new things.Supportive in learning new technologies.Lots of free online training.Good payUnrealistic goals sometimes.Management wants to be agile but still hard dates for deliveries.Overall its aged company though. ","QA Architect","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 11, 2022","4.0"
"Productive and exciting workplace ","This job has been a great position during the pandemic to work at and I had a good time with my staff and managers. I support anyone that wants to work here","Teller","Former Employee","Normal, IL","April 11, 2022","5.0"
"Fast-paced, poor work/life balance but good people","Days are fast paced with too much time fixing problems resulting from poor leadership communication. Co-workers are wonderful but can only maintain positivity so long. ","Project Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 10, 2022","3.0"
"Good place to work, bad pay","They need better training and pay. They seem to pay less the more I worked there. Their transition from bank B was not easy and I feel like they could have communicated better to employees but especially the clients.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","April 8, 2022","4.0"
"Good Life/work Balance "," this bank is a good company to work for. They care about life/work balance and allow flexible start times. Employee Engagement is also important to the company.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2022","4.0"
"Great job especially after the new raise for tellers! ","Great place to get your foot in the door especially after graduating highschool. It offers all the office type work experience needed to excel in any other type of office job setting with good pay for all entry level positions. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Saginaw, MI","April 6, 2022","3.0"
"Good Company Culture","Lots of room for growth, however internal candidates are only given the opportunity for 10% raises. The compensation leaves much to be desired: I've actually heard a number of people I'm different lines of business leave the organization for better pay and then return to this bank using their current salary with the other organization as leverage. ","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Remote","April 6, 2022","4.0"
"Do not recommend ","Training is not clear, once on the floor, what was said in training is now completely different from what you'll actually be doing.QA also rigid- dinged for items that you were told were the correct way/steps when in training.","Hazard Insurance Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 5, 2022","1.0"
"Nice place to work","It is a very good place to work to start up and have a start up career. Also a good college student job because of pay and hours. Customers can be iffy","Teller","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","April 5, 2022","5.0"
"Decent place to work but lower on salaries"," this bank is an all right place to work. They heavily focus on technology. Some managers were terrible and straight up rude to employees. Compensation is okay.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2022","3.0"
"Productive and fun place to work. Compensation is lacking."," this bank is a great place to work in terms of workload. Not so much at first but getting better now. Coworkers are great but the work can get a bit boring and repetitive.","Compliance Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 30, 2022","4.0"
"Great benefits but...","They need better training and pay. They seem to pay less the more I worked there. Their transition from bank B was not easy and I feel like they could have communicated better to employees but especially the clients. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","March 30, 2022","3.0"
"Good pay redundant paperwork","The pay is good. It is hard to get some days off due to the only one person out of the branch policy. A lot of having to input the same info into different systems to receive proper credit. A lot is expected from you in a day but there never seems to be enough time to get it done. ","Teller","Current Employee","Pensacola, FL","March 29, 2022","3.0"
"The this bank Board needs to reexamine the Leadership!"," this bank has turned management into a team of babysitters that only recognize what the team is doing wrong. Never a 'good job' or 'great progress' and more importantly 'THANK YOU'. Leaders address those who are not performing individually. I am sick of hearing how the team failed when I meet all of my goals! The majority of people are working long hours, training is practically non-existent or sporadic at best, we are told to reduce errors and take our time and the next day to pick up extra work and get it done faster (while constantly training due to turnover because we have no formal department training program). Can't you manage the company while retaining and keeping your employees semi-happy at their workplace? Also, it is sickening to read what the Executives receive in yearly stock options/bonuses, your yearly salary is already more than my whole department combined! I understand the dynamics and responsibilities on your shoulders but you have turned extremely greedy while watching the staff figure out how they are going to feed their family/or pay for parking on their meager salary. I will obtain my degree in 2 months, I doubt my manager even remembers, and like some others, I am looking for a job that appreciates and rewards me for my work ethic and loyalty as well as my desire to assist others while independently striving to grow myself. Audios!","Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2022","2.0"
"Slow paced","Slow Paced, good if you're in one of the lending teams. Less Devs with lot of agile people which is self explanatory as a mid level bank. Low compensation ","Software Developer","Current Employee","Remote","March 28, 2022","3.0"
"Could be a great environment with better management","Abysmal management that on morning meanings would tell us 'Sometimes the best work is work we don't get paid for'. Horrid work/life balance, decent pay but not for the amount of stress","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 28, 2022","1.0"
"too much work accountability for the pay range","As a Manager you need to work 45 hours weekly and overwhelming amount of job responsibility unrealistic task to complete . The compensation for management is not equitable for the responsibility.","Senior Branch Manager","Current Employee","Wil","March 26, 2022","3.0"
"Trading was stressful and triggered my anxiety","I wouldn't recommend this job unless you have previous banking experience. In my training class it seemed the ones with previous banking experience caught on a lot faster. I've worked with a few work from home call centers before and this was the most tedious and stressful one of all. I understand why they offer benefits and free accounts because they know the job is stressful.","Customer Service Representative work from home","Former Employee","Work from home","March 25, 2022","2.0"
"It had a great training program but in the branch was very different","Great training program that got you excited for your role. However the real life day to day in branch was not the same. High goals and high pressure even if not putting customer needs first","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","March 23, 2022","4.0"
"Internship Experience ","Everyone was nice and encouraging. It is a very relaxed position and you will need to take initiative in taking more tasks. You are on your own most of the time.","Treasury Management Sales Officer","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 23, 2022","3.0"
"Good place to work","You really have to take charge in wanting to advance and make sure you are open about it with management. this bank offers the tools and resources to make this possible as well. ","Branch Service Representative","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 22, 2022","4.0"
"No complaints ","Haven't been here too long. Just started a few months ago but no complaints so far! Good environment and 6wk training before you are moved on to banking floor. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Maryland","March 21, 2022","4.0"
"Not professional no work ethics ","They go by referrals for me which makes it unfair. They teach those whom they only like so no room for advancement. Feels like you're in a marketplace than in a workplace even managers yell across the room & being sarcastic. They said they have the volume but management only holding their work to show they have the volume. Look somewhere else this is a marketplace!","Lockbox Clerk","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","March 18, 2022","1.0"
"Remote Loans /Customer Service","I did not like the fact that new employees coming on got a better shift while new employees are stuck with there shift and not offered bids etc. This company also likes to up-train for different departments and not offer pay increases. I also noticed new employees got offered what employees whom had been with the company for a couple years were getting. All right company to work for.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 17, 2022","3.0"
"Decent place to work ","Call centers are call centers. I just hate back to back calls. Nonetheless the benefits were well. I liked being able to have a free checking account. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 15, 2022","4.0"
"All about departments ","Great place if you are in the right one, it really depends on the people in your department and the department it self. Work is what you make it take pride in your work.","Account Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2022","3.0"
"It's descent ","They want you to do more work without the added compensation. You'll work 2 Saturdays a month at least. Staffing is usually an issue. A bunch of pointless things ","Banker","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","March 13, 2022","4.0"
"High paced sales organization with ever-changing methods","Aggressive goal set for management that seems to only increase with time. Goals are built off prior year's accomplishments, so if you blow it out of the water, be prepared to have increased goals for years to come.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","March 13, 2022","3.0"
"Disorganized and not taking talent seriously","I've been at this bank for half a decade and have held more than one role at a mid-senior level. Each year I have seen more than 40% of teams turning over and spent a significant amount of work time recruiting for open roles. However once we get people hired, often we don't have work for them to do or they end up with busy work that isn't challenging. this bank isn't a culture where business results are prioritized enough, doing work tasks and having meetings is and the result is that they're falling behind in offering modern customer experiences. I am really disappointed in my experience, I expected to learn and grow and what I found is that management doesn't take the talent they have seriously.","Senior Strategy Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 12, 2022","2.0"
"Fast paced but monotonous ","My role as a teller is fast paced, the branch is very busy. Management feels out of touch with teller needs. The schedule changes daily and you're frequently stuck working beyond your scheduled shift time but even when you give advanced notice that you need a day off management makes you feel like it's a big deal and doesn't seem to want to work with you. Customers are super mean to new employees who are trying to follow policy for protecting customer accounts. The pay is higher than anywhere else in the area, and they do offer benefits, vacation time, sick time, etc. I would say this bank is a good company, there's plenty opportunities for growth, but I don't believe in my current branch that I have the tools I need to be successful and I don't want to stay long term. Turnover rate is high for a reason.","Teller","Current Employee","North Carolina","March 11, 2022","3.0"
"Great benefits ","The company is great and the benefits are even better. The hours are long and it's hard to balance work and home life. The workload is stressful and the pay is not enough for the amount of work and stress that is put on you. ","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 9, 2022","4.0"
"Conversion Nightmare","As a former bank B employee of 10+ years, I was very happy. When this bank bought out bank B I was hesitant but excited for something new. This conversion has been the most poorly constructed business plan I have ever witnessed. The training was insufficient and left thousands of employees clueless as to how to perform their jobs efficiently. I lost benefits that were important to me, including paid time off. The job roles we were placed into did not align with prior roles and responsibilities. The stress level is unreal. Multiple employees have broken into tears weekly from the stress. Imagine starting a new job as a banker. You've been a banker before so you have a general idea of responsibilities and expectations but it's still only your first day and you've not had any hands on experience with new systems, polices and procedures Now imagine everyone around you is in the same boat. Not one person knows these new systems and it's time to open the doors on a Monday. You have a line of customers with questions that you don't have the answers to. That want to service accounts but you don't know how. That truly need you to help them but you can't. That is what this process is like. My advice, stay away until they figure out. 5 months in and there are still so many issues to resolve. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Georgetown, TX","March 8, 2022","1.0"
"Decent company, compliance is a joke.","The compliance officers make it extremely hard to do your job. It's one thing to be thorough and another to nitpick and pass the buck, which they like doing.","Advisor Direct Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 7, 2022","3.0"
"Micromanaging ","Your are just a number with this company. The company is still getting on their feet after a big merge. However, the pressure on accomplishing sales goals is ridiculous. You are constantly being watched and babied. There is no peace of mind at this job. Management is terrible.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 7, 2022","2.0"
"Sourcing Loans and investments","Team approach, once the goals in my area were completed I was able to work with other areas and mentor train younger less experienced officers. We all worked toward the same goals","Commercial Banking Relationship Manager","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 5, 2022","5.0"
"A great WFH start","An amazing first wfh position to get used to structure. Calls are back to back, no bonuses. Amazing team leads. Room from growth within the company and a great career coaching program","Choice Banking Rep","Current Employee","Remote","March 4, 2022","3.0"
"stagnant and stressful","Very stressful. Have to deal with horrible customers and unable to disconnect line for disrespectful customers. Doesn't help those who have a life outside of work. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 4, 2022","1.0"
"Strong focus on diversity and inclusion. ","Overall this bank is a great company to work for depending on your department or location. They offer great benefits and wonderful PTO. Their focus on diversity and inclusion is inspiring and refreshing. There are many departments and areas for opportunity to branch out within the company. Staying away from the Retail Banking side in the Detroit Area may be a good idea. This area is full of unrealistic demands and no appreciation for effort or work completed even if it is/ was above and beyond. Pay could be better.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Michigan","March 4, 2022","2.0"
"Quick advancement","They seem to care about your future with them and offer advancement to other departments. Pay is not great for all the knowledge you need. Most the advancements are lateral with no advance in pay. ","Loan Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2022","4.0"
"Fun place to work","when i started we didn't have a manger so new employees were trying new employees. And then when we got a manger he didn't hold he accountable for their actions ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 3, 2022","4.0"
"Terrible Onboarding/Training experience ","Minimal training provided in a group virtual setting. The people in my group were hired for business banking and they definitely didn't seem qualified. Most didn't pay attention and were super disrespectful to the trainer. They couldn't grasp most of it and only 2 weeks of training they put you on the phone all but yourself before you even know how to use the systems and tell you to figure it out. Their 'in the moment support' requires you to wait long periods of time for someone to get to you which leaves the customer on hold forever and creates a terrible customer and agent experience. In the moment they have no time to explain what they tell you to do and you can't stop taking calls to ask. The calls are back to back with no break to document or look around. As soon as the client hangs another is in your ear. Craziest experience I've ever had. I've always been a top agent working virtually in customer service and NEVER seen anything like this. I was left no choice but to quit. Please protect your peace and don't put yourself through this.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2022","1.0"
"nice","all depends on coworkers they can make or break the day. small teams helped motivate staff. team activities and challenges helped keep the day interesting ","Business and Consumer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","February 28, 2022","4.0"
"Lots of changes ","Lots of changes happening with the acquisition of bank B. Feels very messy with everything going on. Seems like a fire drill consistently. Will be good in 3-5 years. ","Banker","Current Employee","Phoenix, AZ","February 27, 2022","3.0"
" this bank ","Just horrible. It's stressful. Management is under-appreciated. Everyone points fingers. No one makes any money. I never got a raise. Customers are mean…. this bank just wants you to push credit cards on people as old as 100 years old. Horrible. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 26, 2022","2.0"
"Positive work environment","Good training and support team. pay was certainly fair. stressful job in general, but that goes for most call centers, I would think. management and coworkers care about you","Credit Card Customer Service","Former Employee","Portag","February 26, 2022","4.0"
"Probably the worst banking job I've ever had","While I worked there, I was part of a small bank they had acquired, and they kept the same salary I had. Great, but when my performance review came, I was denied an increase since I had already reached the 75% percentile, and regardless of my job performance I was already earning the maximum allowed. Their salary was not competitive at all.They also ended up closing a lot of offices in the area within a few years of the acquisition. Even though they always referred to it as a 'merger,' it was quite evident that it was a hostile takeover.","Financial Sales Associate III","Former Employee","Somerville, NJ","February 26, 2022","2.0"
"Trained for one job but ended up doing a different job","This company literally set me up for failure. I was supposed be crossed trained on multiple jobs but was only allowed to be a teller, so I never was allowed to put the training in to use, therefore the rare times I was allowed to do my actual job, I had no hands on experience. The company puts great emphasis on selling products to get commissions, which caused an environment that was overly competitive and coworkers who were supposed to train me on jobs that relied heavily on commission would not let me train because they did not want me to get the commission and/or credit for the 'sale'. The environment was hostile, especially at certain offices. (I was a floater) I was there for 2 years and was very unhappy for the most part. The teller training was great, but there was a lot of overnight travel, usually for a week at a time, but the hotels were nice so if you like that kind of traveling it's nice. All in all it was a terrible experience and 2 years of my life that i consider wasted. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Bay City, Frankenmuth, Mt Pleasant, Essexville, Saginaw.","February 25, 2022","1.0"
"Productive job","Inbound calls back to back. Stayed busy throughout the day. Managers were very helpful along with my coworkers. Room to move up if you choose to. Left due to the location","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 24, 2022","5.0"
" this bank is the worse bank I have ever worked for!! Its horrible pay and management I would never ever ever return to this bank. "," this bank is horrible worse job a huge waste of my time. I didn't feel supported by management or upper management. The pay was low and the moral was even lower. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Belleville, MI","February 23, 2022","1.0"
"Great Training and Development Programs"," this bank's ACCEL program was a great opportunity to learn about retail banking. Felt supported by my managers and received great training. However, the branches themselves were often under-staffed resulting in long hours.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Wisconsin","February 23, 2022","3.0"
"Horrible place to work ","Working in the credit card customer service area of this company is a joke. Absolutely zero 'work life balance.' Because of the pandemic we work from home. Any time you need a new keyboard, mouse, headset or any other equipment they provide replaced, they do not pay you and they blame your internet service provider. The team leads and group leads are also a joke. They do not help when you need assistance with anything. They do not report that you have Covid or have been in contact with someone who has it, as that is their JOB. They do not follow any company policies. The most helpful people that work for them would be the HR investigating team. ","Credit Card Customer Service","Current Employee","Remote","February 22, 2022","1.0"
"Strong work/life balance culture","My experience as a software developer lead working here is pleasant, most of the people in the company are helpful and friendly. It is recommended to give it a chance if you are looking for a software developer role.","Software Developer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 20, 2022","4.0"
"Sales, sales & sales ","Management needs improvement. Company focus is sales, they use the word relationships, but it's sales and you are reminded everyday, each teller is expected to provide 3 leads per day, sometimes I only had 3 customers the entire day. I did not like having to offer older more vulnerable senior adults products that were not good for them or not needed.","Teller","Former Employee","North Carolina","February 19, 2022","3.0"
"Cool People but stressful","I enjoy the people at this bank, made some lifelong relationships, but the environment is stressful a lot of the time and you often have to follow strict work schedules due to schedule adherence rules.","Retail escalations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2022","4.0"
"Did remote work as an intern, wasn't given too much work to do so it was mostly chill.","Did remote work as an intern, wasn't given too much work to do so it was mostly chill. I was apart of the development program where I worked on a team with other interns and we did various projects for the team that were not too difficult. The skills learned for the job were decent but specialized to the work this bank needed done.","Technology Intern","Former Employee","Remote","February 19, 2022","3.0"
"Great place to enhance and learn new skills","Typical day involves managing and resolving tickets, working on projects, communicating with customers and internal partners, attending scheduled/unscheduled meetings.A lot of repetitive tasks as well as unusual issues to resolve daily","Platform Support Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 18, 2022","4.0"
"Standard bank ","This job was a standard bank job. Worked as a customer service Rep in one of the branches. The branch was not that busy so difficult to meet the goals they wanted. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Acworth, GA","February 17, 2022","3.0"
"Would not recommend ","Very stressful and high quotas expected. They listen to all calls and you have to be perfect and they will fire you for nothing and at the drop of a hat.","Credit Card Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 16, 2022","1.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank has great benefits and work life balance- overall a great place to start your career with growth opportunities. Management is very easy to communicate with. ","Branch Banker III","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 14, 2022","5.0"
"Stressful, stressful, and stressful. "," Constantly nagging managers, harassing clients to invest and opening credit cards they don't want or need, and making cold calls to clients everyday","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Spring Lake Heights, NJ","February 14, 2022","2.0"
"Regular Bank Teller Job ","I liked working in my community but management sucked. Advancements are solely based on favoritism and it's quite blatant. Managers are always on you about meeting goals but stand around and don't help you unless they absolutely have to. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hazleton, PA","February 13, 2022","3.0"
"Ok work environment. Slowly starting to implement telemarketing and these calls are just a step above cold calling for appointments,","If you work in a shopping center like I do, you are a teller and a telemarketing salesperson. In spite of the heavy teller traffic, you are judged strictly on sales goals and telemarketing numbers. The calling pressure is so great it tempts people to fudge numbers and report successes that are not really there which of course allows management to justify continuing high-volume calls. 50 per cent of the job is telemarketing, 40 per cent teller work and 10 per cent opening new accounts.If you do not mind working until 730 at night (starting at 1030am) and don't have an issue making 150 cold calls a month this job might be right for you. If not, stay away!!!","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 12, 2022","3.0"
"Great employees ","Great employees enjoyed working with fellow peers. The hours were long and thd business day became very stressful. Management was minimal to none. They do have great benefits. ","Teller","Former Employee","North Carolina","February 11, 2022","3.0"
"It's okay ","Good pay. The bad thing is they want the whole branch to be universal tellers which then can cause conflict when it comes to goals. Everyone's fighting for the same customer","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Dallas, TX","February 11, 2022","4.0"
"Decent benefits and pay","Decent benefits and pay, flexible schedule, high volume of work, very fast paced environment, roles and responsibilities between departments not clearly defined","Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 10, 2022","2.0"
"Supportive Inclusive work place with good work life balance","The company has pretty good paid time off/benefits 401k matching etc, and great coworkers and management. I have worked in branches and in call centers and I felt supported by my managers in both. I also feel there is room for mobility and advancement as long as your work hard and and make your intentions clear. The only downside is the pay could be better but i think the pay is pretty standard for the industry as well.","Call Center Representative","Current Employee","Maryland","February 10, 2022","4.0"
"Many opportunities for advancement","Great place to work with many opportunities for advancement within the organization. The company seems committed to diversity and inclusion programs and community involvement.","Banker Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","February 9, 2022","4.0"
"Tellers are great","Tellers were great to work with upper management seemed to be out of touch with reality and expectations. Manager would throw employees under the bus so to speak over ridiculous policies. ","Teller","Former Employee","Wintersville, OH","February 8, 2022","4.0"
"Productive, great work environment.","Great environment to work,big on TEAM WORK.Easy career advancement and training was fun.You learn a lot everyday as long as you stay focus&productive.","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Pasadena, MD","February 5, 2022","5.0"
"Not a bad place to work, but definitely room for improvement.","Not a horrible place to work, but they're driven by stats & analytics. Not the actual person. I personally hated getting company performance emails that showed quarterly profits in the billions, yet there would be pay freezes or lateral moves in pay for what should have been a promotion. ","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 3, 2022","3.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for. ","The salary is low compared to other banks, but the work life balance is excellent. this bank culture is top tier. It is a positive work environment and the upper management really care about you.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Camp Hill","February 1, 2022","5.0"
"N/a","Company was under-staffed. The transfer into digital branches was a terrible idea that only angered customers and upset employees. Lack of advancement ","RRT","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 30, 2022","3.0"
"Fun workplace, limited room to grow"," this bank is a banking service and mortgage provider. It offers its borrowers perks like interest rate discounts, cashback rewards and more. While it doesn't operate in every state, this bank lets you manage your mortgage payments online. It does have credit score requirements for some of its loan products","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Niles, IL","January 27, 2022","5.0"
"not bad","pay needs to be more, needs more room for growth, more family time is needed, overall something different everyday and not bad to work for. good benefits","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Illinois","January 27, 2022","4.0"
"Burnt out, they just extended my branch hours. ","While some companies are decreasing their branch hours for more of a work life balance this bank decides to increase the hours. My branch is now open a hour longer instead of 5 we close at 6 weekdays. And we added weekend hours! I are already burnt out with short staffing issues as well as overworked so this just makes it worse. There is no work life balance and I dread coming into work each day. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Colorado","January 26, 2022","1.0"
"Increased min wage","Management was unreliable around holidays, constant short staffing in branches (but good for the people that grew professionally and into different roles), company support at the beginning of COVID was great but decreased over time.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","January 26, 2022","3.0"
"Good company","overall good company but very stressful job, done with one call and next automatically comes in no down time to notate previous calls-overall good co ","Consultant","Former Employee","Delaware, OH","January 26, 2022","4.0"
"Most exhausting, depressing job ever. Not sure if it was my location, or this bank as a company. In my experience, this was the worst job I've ever had. ","Horrible & lazy management. Throws NEW employees in without correct training. Hypocritical management, not understanding of anything. Manager & ABM sit around doing nothing while putting entire workload on new staff & disagrees to help. Would never recommend this place for anyone. Mental health was not considered when talked about. Going into work I physically felt sick everyday knowing I had to deal with the stress. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Salisbury, MD","January 25, 2022","1.0"
"A good place for a new developer to blend in","If the job title is Software Dev Associate, beware that it's really a QA analyst role. This company hires contractors to do the real development work. It's very hard/impossible to move up from this role, forcing you to leave the company. Other than that, it's a good place to work with friendly people and good benefits. You'll have access to support and learning materials.","Software Developer Associate","Current Employee","Remote","January 25, 2022","3.0"
"Cool place to work","Cool place to work. Glad I had the experience and would recommend it to anyone whose just starting in their career path. I have nothing bad to say about working for the place","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","District of Columbia","January 24, 2022","5.0"
"This company is very fair when it comes to compensation and performance expectations. Management is great and empowers you to achieve your goals.","Great job, however, you must have a great attention to detail and good confidence when it comes to speaking. Goals are clearly set, and you depend on yourself to get them done. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","January 23, 2022","5.0"
"Good company to work for; one of the better-managed top banks; on a careful growth track","Management supportive, not intrusive; good, ethical and competent co-workers; the culture was a 'can-do' type of attitude; relaxed, non-hierarchical structure and tone; everything is based on problem-solving. You must care for your clients/customers. ","VP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 22, 2022","5.0"
"Stressful working in Brecksville, Operations Unit. Heavy workload, low pay rate. ","It's important to know your worth. You must be self-motivated and confident in your abilities. Be willing to walk away from employment with this bank as soon as you realize opportunities for advancement are not as great for you as they are for others. this bank's Brecksville unit of operations treats employees as though they are children and not professionals, by the way, they micromanage employees. A meaningful plus to employment with this bank is having an opportunity to participate in the community outreach volunteer programs when you join their Employee Business Resource Groups (EBRG). ","Loan Support Specialist II","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 22, 2022","3.0"
"Fast Paced Environment With Supportive Staff","Fast paced job in retail banking. Many physical branches closed so traffic is high with people that still prefer in person banking. Job entailed running withdraws, deposits, and accepting payments. Always needed to offer a financial product to customers with every transaction. A monthly quota had to be met. ","Teller","Former Employee","Marion, OH","January 21, 2022","4.0"
"Great culture fun place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank. The people, environment and culture were all wonderful. However, compensation is mediocre at best and raises never exceed 2% regardless of performance.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 20, 2022","4.0"
"Love working from home ","It's a good company to work for benefits are good and they promote work life balance. Not happy with the hours but that's just due to me having smaller children but the work is fun and enjoyable","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 19, 2022","5.0"
"Excellent bank with an incredible work life balance","I've worked for this bank since Summer of 2020 and they have adapted to the virtual environment with a desire to satisfy their employees just as much as their consumers. ","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2022","5.0"
"Relaxed, very good time off with pay, and most departments have a team atmosphere. ","I just wish they paid more. It doesn't feel like there is much incentive for being a dedicated employee. There is not much monetary reward. The raises are minimal, even with great reviews from your manager. ","Processor","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2022","4.0"
"Terrible management. ","Maybe it was my location, but working at this bank was bad. Manager never wanted to help or teach me new skills. They basically throw you into the water and expect you to know everything day 1. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 18, 2022","2.0"
"A great job to get your foot in the door but there is no progression!","Being a Universal Banker for this bank was my first official job as an adult and I must say it is a great starting point so that you can truly understand what you need from your employers in the future. I learned so much about the importance of financial well-being and received extensive practice on how to handle all type of customer interactions which is a bonus for my future career path. The negatives of the job would be the compensation, the in-store branch hours provide no work/life balance and lastly, the constant changes in protocol and technology made it extremely difficult to keep up with proper procedures when it comes to helping customers. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","January 17, 2022","3.0"
"I have always enjoyed to work in this bank. Nice people ","Nice people, good benefits and a lot of opportunities to learn something new.I have always found help my colleges. And there is a great company culture.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Green Spring, VA","January 17, 2022","5.0"
"Not for the weak ","Calls are non stop. Metrics are high. Pay and benefits are great, but the stress will make you burn out. Managers are nice and helpful, but there will be some situations where you will not know what to do to help the customer. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 17, 2022","3.0"
"Nice company to work for. When I was there the incentive pay was really good. "," this bank Is a good company to work for. They are very adamant about theirs employees learning the consultative conversation. The incentive pay was good when I was there. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","January 16, 2022","5.0"
"No no and no","Call center is extremely busy and there is zero time to breath. They trick you and tell you your getting promoted but with no extra pay but it'll be good for the experience. Don't do it ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","January 15, 2022","3.0"
"Very busy place, no work life balance","It is insanely busy ok if you like being stressed out not very great managers, very stressful! No work life balance. Also clients can be very rude because of staffing issues","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Florida","January 13, 2022","2.0"
"Not a decent place to work for the long term. Theirs no work/life balance. ","The only positive is that it's remote. Other than that, just run. Morale is low. There is no work life balance. Call Volumes are high because of the new bank acquired.","Customer Service Representative CCC","Former Employee","Remote","January 13, 2022","1.0"
"Good company and good work culture ","There is lot of opportunities to learn and grow. Good work life balance and people are knowledgeable of the processes and products. However there is less transparency.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2022","4.0"
"Don't do it","Having to deal with the people that come into the bank is the worst part of the job. They constantly are yelling at you and trying to tear you down. this bank treats you as less of a human being and more a robot who is supposed to come to their every call and do absolutely everything they want no matter what or you're a terrible employee. I once had a family accident where a family member was in a car accident and taken to the hospital, I left 15 minutes early (at the end of the day , no customers were coming in and no work needed to be done) I got written up the next day after they said it was okay for me to leave. ","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","January 6, 2022","1.0"
"Solid","Great work life balance. Good amount of time off and holidays. Other benefits are okay. Advancement can be slow but there are opportunities. Okay pay, after a few years they do pay more pending good reviews","Business Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 4, 2022","5.0"
"Work life balance doesn't exist! ","Management knows and is completely fine with the fact that all employees are overworked. 50-60 hours a week at minimum is not only welcome but expected. Vacation? Yea right your work laptop is with you and you'll still put in a few hours a day. Training did not even slightly prepare you for your job. ","Fraud Detection and Investigation specialist","Former Employee","Ohio","January 3, 2022","1.0"
"Great environment ","Loved this job. Just outgrew the position. Overall a wonderful company to work for. The change to hours of operation is the biggest downfall. The place begins to feel like a family for sure.","Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville, IN","January 3, 2022","5.0"
"Great place","Good place to work but hours need to be changed! Even Saturday need to be rotated for all employees. We have our life outside of the company. Overall great place to work","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","December 29, 2021","5.0"
"The job was not enjoyable. Micromanaging was a major pain point. ","The work is tedious. The account holders are rude. My manager was never available when needed yet somehow micromanaged my every move. Training was insufficient. Tons of info is crammed into 15 min meetings, there's no room for questions lest we go 1 sec over. High expectations with minimal support.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Remote","December 28, 2021","2.0"
"Enjoyed working with this bank, but feeling overworked, overstressed and underpaid is the reason in which I chose to leave this bank.","Enjoyed working with this bank, but feeling overworked, overstressed and underpaid is the reason in which I chose to leave this bank. this bank had a great team environment, great support while in training, but you truly have to be self reliant afterwards and be proactive on your training and information retention.","Escalations Supervisor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 28, 2021","4.0"
"Branch Manager can make job difficult ","It is so unfortunate that my experience resulted in poor taste, as I was diligent throughout the interview process, even when I was chosen as a 2nd option. Which didn't change my enthusiasm-and I was eager to move forward. I was met with quite a bit of resistance from the branch Manager in my new hire training and I found that odd considering the position needed filled. Hopefully, there can be more rigorous checks and balances pertaining to managerial conduct. Otherwise, the customers were mostly pleasant! I also received some great reviews from them. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","December 26, 2021","1.0"
"Ok place to work","Ok place to work . Work life balance is great , however not much room for growth worse if you are part time! I didn't get much benefit so I cannot comment on that aspect","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Castle, PA","December 26, 2021","4.0"
"Never Again!!!","If you have struggle with severe anxiety like me, this is not the job for you. You will be training for a few weeks, learning and doing homework then they throw you on the phone but with little support. Every day I had nothing but people calling in screaming at me, and when you reach out for help from retail support you get nothing but rude responses from fellow COWORKERS. Managers micromanage you and don't give you clear answers on how to improve, they just throw articles in your face so if you are hands on it takes multiple mistakes to learn anything. They have unrealistic goals they want you to meet and they don't care about you as a individual, they only care about numbers. You will be monitored on every single thing you are doing. The only thing that ever made this job worth staying was the money, expensive health insurance. This job made me so extremely unhappy, stressed and anxious every single day. Do yourself a favor and don't work here.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","December 23, 2021","1.0"
"Good pay and incentive pay. Micromanaging is out of hand.","The micromanaging is over the top. It's like you're a child. They like to sit in with you and your customer to watch everything you do even if you are a top performer. This causes a lot of anxiety and stress and is shown to inhibit performance. You've trained me and I've passed all the classes/training/observations. I'll ask for help if I need it. Now leave me alone and I will soar!!","Banker","Current Employee","Florida","December 22, 2021","2.0"
"Can be a great place to work depending on your position.","Worked in multiple positions in this company. As a Teller, I loved what I did. Always felt as though management had my back and wanted to see me succeed. As a customer care consultant, it was the total opposite.","Teller","Former Employee","Chestertown, MD","December 22, 2021","3.0"
"Only cares about money.","The company does not care about you as a person. The only thing they care about is making money off the customers, not for the customers well being. Awful work hours.","Teller","Former Employee","Camby, IN","December 21, 2021","2.0"
"Great place ","Great friendly environment to work in. Lots of regular customers who you learn to see every day and develop relationships. Talked away so it can be hard to promote incentives","Teller","Former Employee","Hackensack, NJ","December 20, 2021","5.0"
"Outdated dinosaur trying to survive.","Limited collateral options, and slowing moving back office. this bank is a dinosaur technology wise internally, and will go the way of the dodo if they don't streamline processes. Solid financial products, and good vision in some areas but lost in the sauce in others. They coach to career growth, but when you ask about advancement you are told to wait.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Florida","December 19, 2021","3.0"
"Great chance to learn and grow","This company was a great start for someone in banking to learn the functions of a bank. You will be thoroughly trained in your role. Great place to work overall the pay is very competitive. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Davie, FL","December 18, 2021","3.0"
"Good and supportive coworkers. Short staff all the time because they keep cutting positions. ","It is not a bad place to start your carrier and to learn about banking but if you want to stay there think about it because you are going to work the whole day almost every day no days off. unrealistic sales goal and it's all about sales. Some Bad and rude manager's even if you give a bad review for those bad managers of course nothing happens they just make you look bad because they get the information so they know who gave them the score and the will come after you to find a reason to write you up or possibly fire you . Forget about being a supervisor because you have to do the job so you basically have just the title more work and less pay . ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rockville, MD","December 17, 2021","2.0"
"Great company, excellent benefits, pay could be a little higher"," this bank is great, lots of opportunities for growth and amazing access to all sorts of different training. Supportive atmosphere. The benefits are impressive: good healthcare plus HSA with employer contribution, fertility assistance, maternity leave paid at 100%, 401k matching, pension, etc. Only downside is the salary is on the lower side. But may be worth it for the decent work life balance.","Software Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2021","5.0"
"Good company ","Opportunity for growth. High bonuses. Great benefits. Nice 401k plan. You will get earn good money, but you'll work extremely hard for every cent. Flexible hours and they offer work at home.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2021","5.0"
"Overall a great place to work, but not necessarily compensated on the higher end. ","Overall a great place to work, but not necessarily compensated on the higher end. Great benefits and great management. Sometimes the constant restructuring can get confusing","Software Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2021","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Great place to work. Managers push metrics and advancement in the company. There is always room for growth. Very diverse environments and lots of peer appreciation. Highly cultured environment. ","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","December 10, 2021","5.0"
"meh ","I like the people but the management had something to be desiredA lot of pressure to perform with little training and short staffing did not help the situation.","A","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 9, 2021","3.0"
"It's ok","Pay isn't great and raises are extremely low. Hard to gain experience to move up in the company. Must be willing to jump around from one department to another to potentially gain experience. Health benefits and retirement benefits are good.","Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2021","3.0"
