6800,"productive fun work place with a great attitude","The hardest part of my day is stopping. I multi-task very well, while staying organized with the tasks that are handed to me. The most enjoyable part of my day is working with co-workers.","Retail","Current Employee","monongahela pennsylvania","July 16, 2012","4.0"
6801,"Fun Place","Loved working for this bank great values, not enough people to cover","WorkPlace Banking Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Palm beach","July 14, 2012","4.0"
6802,"Very unhappy","I did not like going to work. I worked part time as a teller and I felt as if they did not like me. This particular branch, the women were very snobby!!! The manager hardly ever cracked a smile and a lot of two face going on daily. Very unpleasent place to be, even part time. :(","Part time teller","Former Employee","Hagerstown, MD","July 11, 2012","2.0"
6803,"Great, fast and friendly place to work","This is a great and fun place to work. Fast pace and good friends.","Teller","Current Employee","Sandusky, OH","July 11, 2012","5.0"
6804,"A Bank","IT'S AN EXCITING TIME TO BE PART OF this bank,which has been named one of the 25 Great Workplace Award winners by Gallup (2011) and one of the 'Most Admired Companies' by FORTUNE® Magazine (2011). Join our workplace, where success means contributing to growth, enjoying teamwork and being recognized for great work. Choose from a variety of career options, in areas such as asset management, commercial and consumer banking, mortgage lending, technology or other corporate functions.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 11, 2012","5.0"
6805,"Great Company to work for.","I love working with the people in my branch as well as my regional manager! this bank is a very advanced and competitive bank and makes it easy for customers to bank with them because there is so many ways to do your banking.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbia, SC","July 11, 2012","5.0"
6806,"productive and customer friendly enviornment","Branch is a very busy branch where we are customer friendly always. We always make our customers feel special. We are required to cross sell products on a daily basis .Management is always available to coach and help in any issues.We work as a team with all the co workers.Best part of my day is being able to help a customer with any concerns. Hardest part of my job having to be on my feet all day.","Teller Banking Service Representative","Current Employee","Berwyn, IL","July 10, 2012","4.0"
6807,"this bank Wealth Management","A great institution that grew too large too quickly to provide the level of service expected by a top tier Private Bank and Wealth Management firm.","Senior Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2012","3.0"
6808,"In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","A typical day takes its cue from the high energy and fast pace of a supermarket environment. You initiate conversations with shoppers in the aisles, and use these opportunities to build awareness and then sell a variety of this bank products or services. Over time, you also have the opportunity to develop strong relationships through customer profiling and needs-based selling.","In-store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","July 10, 2012","5.0"
6809,"Good comanny","Teller Supervisor: Manage and perform teller transactions in the areas of checking and savings deposits and withdrawals. Schedule, mentor, and train tellers. Execute cash audits for tellers and vault. Order and distribute cash from Federal Reserve Bank. Balance Teller accounts. Conduct credit and fraud analyses; investigate and resolve account/transaction discrepancies, errors, and omissions. Ensure compliance with Federal, Bank, and security policies.• Identified opportunities for cross-selling of value-added bank products and services, and qualified referrals to team members across multiple lines of business.• Consistently attained minimum 4-star Customer Service Excellence ratings every quarter.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Emerson, NJ","July 8, 2012","3.0"
6810,"Great Company","Lots of growth opportunity, good benefits and strong leadership","MB Banking Sales","Former Employee","Plymouth, MN","July 6, 2012","5.0"
6811,"There was alwasys a Challenge","Working at the bank was a constant challenge. Issues would always arise which meant we had to be on top of our games as problem solvers and leaders. This environment really set aside the men from the boys.","System Analyst III - Officer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 5, 2012","4.0"
6812,"respectful atmosphere, and a team environment","I loved going to work, I would start my day by checking on my 8 employees and making sure they have everything they need to start their day. If not, i reconciled these issues. I would start my own responsibilities, and do my individual tasks, but was routinely helping out my team with issues, and even my management when they were overwhelmed! The most enjoyable part of my job, was I was BUSY!!! I love to be busy and I love that I was able to do many jobs, so when someone was out, I could fill in, and my department did not fall behind, The worst part of my job, was when we closed the doors and saying goodbye to people who I became friends with and many whom I respected!","Assistant Customer Service Supervisor","Former Employee","Boston, MA","July 3, 2012","5.0"
6813,"A potentially great company that has grown too quickly to keep up with the big banks and still relies on its antiquated infrastructure and management.","I was originally very excited at the opportunity at this bank. It took quite a while to be onboarded into the company and even longer (6 month) to be assigned my book of business. My team helped me along more than my manager and they are truly the only redeeming quality at this bank. I began really working my book in January and we were told an incentive/structure change would be taking place shortly. It didn't happen until March and completely flipped the way we were incentivized upside down. The most frustrating thing is over a half a year later they still don't have the reporting necessary for us to do our job based on all of the changes they made for 2012. I could go on and on about our systems and all of their issues but I do love helping my clients and making a difference. I have been recognized as a top performer so even though I still don't know where I stand I have been told that I am doing the right thing and doing it well. As far as the company they do things to make you feel proud at times. Their 'Grow Up Great' commitment is wonderful and they really do put thought and innovation into their retail product line. But then the branch systems are prehistoric and nothing is in real time. The branch positions are too closely layered to make sense to the employees let alone the customers. The line of business partnerships are all very one sided or completely non-existent. I really do want to make this bank work for me but I don't think it will ever happen.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","MI","July 2, 2012","3.0"
6814,"Decent THEORY, no practice.."," this bank as a whole is still going through many changes as a company. While they are a heavy-hitter in the Financial sector, they do not top the list for places to work.A typical day at work for a teller: Arrive; process transactions throughout the day accurately; meet quotas for a wide variety of products; balance cash on hand accurately.I learned more than enough Federal Regulations, and working with numbers on a daily basis, you can't help but get better at accounting.My co-workers were all pleasant, the co workers that had had ten or more years of experience were welcoming with loads of advice and stories, the co workers that had been a recent addition were only around for about 4-6 months and either quit or were let go. I had been told by customers, different sections of management and former co workers, that there was a VERY high amount of turn over. And there is.Management in this company varies. Upper level management is cordial, but they are running a business of numbers. Branch-level management is tricky-hidden agendas are prevalent, petty egos, not all of the managers in charge are qualified, some of them should have retired when the love went out of the job. Applicant beware if you like your 40 hours drama free.I won't go into details about my personal experience, but my manager looked the other way for customers on many occasions, including when they were ABUSIVE to the staff and was VERY bias about refunding fees. In my branch, my co-workers and I had a difficult time figuring out what was expected of us as employees because it constantly changed.You COULD end - more...","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","July 2, 2012","3.0"
6815,"Good corporate values, but difficulty advancing","Fair benefits/compensation but mixed direction for advancement.Contradictory statements from management about career path.Does not see value in higher education.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 1, 2012","4.0"
6816,"nice coworkers","I loved working for this company, benefits were good, co workers were nice, and a quiet place to work in. I would work for this company again. The only think I wasn't used when I started with this company was that since it was a call center. how much security there was. and everything you did was tracked with your computer and ID cards. It di make you feel like the company didn't trust anyone. But I would still work for them again. I loved my job and the people that I worked with.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2012","4.0"
6817,"Great company to work for. offers good 401K plan, health plan, great help.","This company is one of the top companies to work for in my opinion. They offer a good benefit package even if you are part time. I loved working for the company, I just didn't like the position I was doing.","Sales","Former Employee","clifton, Nj","July 1, 2012","5.0"
6818,"Job details","I was in charge of setting up the phone systems in the morning for receiving incoming calls for wire transfer. Incoming money transfer are called to business and customer when received. I learn to be patience and compassionate with my customer and co workers.The hardest part of my job was making sure the overall work process at the end of the day for outgoing and incoming wires.I enjoyed a challenge and love solving problems","Wire Transfer Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 1, 2012","5.0"
6819,"Productive and fun with great advantages and benefits.","Working for this bank was a great experience to learn the ends and outs about the financial world. The most enjoyable part was meeting and networking with others.","Promotion","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 27, 2012","5.0"
6820,"Productive Mortgage industry","My typical day at work includes submitting bids to the investor for properties that are in default. I learned that work that is outside the investor guidelines has to be submitted for approval in order to insure that we protect this bank's interest in the property. The bank ensures that we met our goals and reach deadlines.","PROPERTY PRESERVATION SPECIALIST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 27, 2012","4.0"
6821,"Terrible company to work for","Try to avoid this company for employment. They are a great bank to have as your bank, but a terrible employer. I worked in a call center, and while I understand there are constant changed in call centers and banking, this bank just overdid it. There was constant change and they expected you to adapt immediately to the changes. Every few months we'd be purchasing another bank yet this bank could not afford to give our call center eating utensils and plates and napkins to eat our food. I worked at home from just under a year and was brought back because of 'performance issues'. I was told I would be able to go back if I improved, however I was never given the coaching time needed to improve my skill set. They don't care about their employees. They recently acquired RBC Bank in the southeast part of the country and since the purchase, our call center is now closing down because it's cheaper to pay those who work in that region. Just an overall terrible company to work for. Absolutely terrible. The managers working there had no clue how to run the place.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","June 26, 2012","1.0"
6822,"Great manager and department to work in","Enjoyed the job and the people I worked with during this time with the company.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","June 26, 2012","4.0"
6823,"get a job somwere else. mc donald would be better.","operations specialist"Former Employee not a nice place to work for. they treat you like you a five year old.. menagement think only of them selfs. they would sell you down the river .just so they could get a head.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol and that does not mean lots of luck","operations specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","June 26, 2012","2.0"
6824,"Great customers and wonderful coworkers","A usual day consists of helping hundreds of customers with day to day banking. Aside from typical banking we assist them with we also have relationships with the customers, know them by first name and can have friendly conversations with them. Working next to coworkers and management is a delight. Probably the most enjoyable part of the job is the friendliness that is exchanged between customers and amongst the coworkers. There are difficult aspects of the job, one of the most difficult is encountering fraud of any kind.","Teller","Current Employee","Beavercreek, OH","June 26, 2012","5.0"
6825,"Learning and fun workplace.","A typical day at work was doing different types of transactions, like deposits, withdrawal, cashiers checks, account maintenance etc.,I learned about being courtesies to all the customers, handling cash properly with full attention so I could settle at the end of the day without any shortage or overage.My co-workers are quite understanding. They used to help me if I have trouble with any particular customer or account.The hardest part of the job was to pay full attention to the cash handling and answer responsibly to the customer's questions.The fun part was meeting lots of new people everyday and interacting with them.","bank teller","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 26, 2012","4.0"
6826,"Overall was a good place to work.","I loved working the second shift. The benefits were good. I enjoyed working with my co-workers in the department in which I worked. There wasn't anything that was hard about the job. Management did provide good training for the positions that I worked. The most enjoyable part of the job was my working hours.","Specialist","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 25, 2012","3.0"
6827,"Concerned with image, not employees","I worked for the call center in their business department. I would get screamed at relentless by customers and scolded by QA for not being more sympathetic. The training was not up to par either. You're trained for a month before you're on the floor, however if you take on any other department functions, you get maybe a few hours.","Business Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 25, 2012","2.0"
6828,"ok place to work","bad hours 3pm to 2 am quiet no talking rule. attendance policy was very strict could not miss any days at all for 1 year.","Medical Claims Processor","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","June 25, 2012","2.0"
6829,"Good place to work for a short term. Not many opportunities for career growth.","A typical day at work would consist of prospecting business customers, by way of computer generated leads, cold calls, and onsites. I have learned many new aspects of business life cycle mgt, business lending (underwriting) and cross sell techniques. Management performance is different from region to region, depends on were you are.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","June 25, 2012","3.0"
6830,"Depending on your position it is an average place to work","While I did enjoy the type of work that I performed I felt that the Management didn't encourage atonomy and lacked consistent communication.","Project Specialist - Lockbox Network Operations","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2012","3.0"
6831,"Productive work enviroment.","Provide customer service to clients. Offer products and services to customers to help them with their banking needs. The hardest part is sales for me.Most enjoyable part of my job, is getting to know our customers.","Teller","Current Employee","Sparta, NJ","June 20, 2012","5.0"
6832,"Dependable work place","Reqired to work under high stress situations and short staffing. I have learned to manage people and keep a balance of happiness and accountability. My co workers are fantastic. The hardest part of the job is the constant change in policy and procedure, though it is not unmanagable. The most enjoyable part of the job is the knowledge of knowing that I am needed and respected for my position.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Grove City, PA","June 20, 2012","3.0"
6833,"horrible place to work"," this bank does not care about it's employees one bit. All they care about is the shareholder and the fat cats in upper mgt","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago","June 20, 2012","1.0"
6834,"Banking Industry","No comment, adding a review will breach company confidentiality agreements.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 19, 2012","3.0"
6835,"Teller","Summer Job, it was a busy day with careful handling of cash and customer service","Teller","Former Employee","Trenton, NJ","June 19, 2012","5.0"
6836,"Unloyal morals","Very good company and corporate relations but fellow staff and management have no problem slandering names and lieing about past employees. Their so called ' branch family' doesn't matter when it comes to speaking up for promotions.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","June 18, 2012","2.0"
6837,"this bank","A great employer. Management is good. The hardest part of the job for me is the limited advancement for this company. the most enjoyable part of the job is interactions that I have everyday.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 17, 2012","4.0"
6838,"Great place to work","Loved working at this bank, great working environment, fun, fast paced, seen lots of customers everyday, had a great superviser and great employees to work with.","Teller","Former Employee","Logan, OH","June 17, 2012","5.0"
6839,"Great company to work for","After a 6 years with the company I have nothing bad to say, they are are great company to work for and offer many employee benefits.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Keyport, NJ","June 17, 2012","4.0"
6840,"Do as you are told and you will advance well."," this bank is a very good company to work for. The benefits are outstanding. There is room for advancement as long as you apply yourself. They are very strict on inherence, talk time, and tardiness. Quality customer service.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 15, 2012","4.0"
6841,"Great Company","A typical day is all the same. You come in do your work and go home. They don't like you to talk so its kept to a minimum. They really don;t care about your personal issues.","OPERATION ANALYST 1","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 14, 2012","3.0"
6842,"productive place","great company and people. work was very fun there and enjoyed working with the customers","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Piscataway, NJ","June 14, 2012","5.0"
6843,"Excellent company to work for - room to grow and move up","Loved working for this bank, as a contractor I worked for this bank for about 10 years. This company is a growing company, caring for not only their employees but also the community. I enjoyed the most is working and interacting with the different departments - the people for the most part are very professional. The are a hard working group. It was a growing experience for me and I learned so much in the processes. The hardest part of the job is losing good acquaintances and co workers as they move on to better positions within the company. this bank strives to continually improve and grow and are real survivors in the midst of all the other banks folding up or getting caught in bank scandals.The downside to this bank at this time is that they have not set up shop in the Southwest part of Florida where I currently moved to. If given the chance, I would definitely love to work for this bank again.Please, Please this bank - COME ON DOWN!!","Bank Security Site Supervisor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","June 14, 2012","5.0"
6844,"Excellent Company to work for","Lots of opportunities to earn commission, Great team of people. Opportunities to learn everything about the company and advance.Provided excellent customer service. Management was very hands on.","Customer Service Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2012","4.0"
6845,"Flexible work schedule, dedicated co-workers","Job is fast paced and fun. The different projects each year are similar but always varied based on information sent in by clients.","Financial Specialist I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2012","4.0"
6846,"Great benefits, few layoffs.","Overall, this bank Mortgage has proved itself to be a very solid company. I have learned a lot while working there.","Call Quality Evaluator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 11, 2012","5.0"
6847,"back up head teller full time teller","Customers were somewhat pleasent got to know many new people learned a lot used it to my advantage but as far as working for this bank, horrible management does not listen to their employees about customer service who handles customers day in and out, they don't understand what the customers really want they go by a gallup to review their employees which is silly they basic the entire branch off of a gallup instead of hard work and customer achievement and word of mouth, always works short staff go through managers like you go through socks, the pay is horrible, they don't treat their employees with respect, management makes the job more stressful the it is, most enjoyable part of job is some of the co workers you grow to care, and everyday customers but this bank really needs to get it together starting with how they treat their employees, so if your looking for just a job with some what ok hours not to good of pay just to kinda of get you by this bank is your job but i would not go full time the job and pay is not worth it part time is ideal for this job. Also they give new rules almost everyday and the head teller and managers change them when they want or use the ones that benefit them as need. And again the pay is a joke. And minorities get less money go figure horrible job. just ask any teller oh yea wanting you to stay later because they are short staffed but then asking you to cut your time because they allow no over crazy want to take your time away from your life and family but don't want to pay you for it cheap cheap cheap, only keep there part timer at 26 hours, no matter if they are going to have help for their full timers or not leaving you by yourself alot of the day to handle customer do the atms and the vault and everything calling customers. Also not holding the employees that are not doing their job well accountable making the entire team suffer for one or two people. I'm just happy Im gone most people who leave pnc move on to bigger and better things and i am one of them. i didnt want to give them any star but the system makes you","backup head teller full time teller","Former Employee","delaware","June 11, 2012","1.0"
6848,"Nice place to start","good experience for customer service40/hr work weekMy most enjoyable part was helping customers with their issues.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stroudsburg, PA","June 10, 2012","5.0"
6849,"Great company, lousy pay","My manager and co-workers are the best I have ever worked with. this bank offers nice benefits and is really good about encouraging a nice work/ life balance. The only downside is that the entry level pay is lower than any of the other banks in my area.","Retail Banker","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","June 8, 2012","4.0"
