650,"Good Stepping stool","Good stepping stool as a teller. If you are not a salesperson, don't bother. The numbers game is very prevalent in this industry. It can become monotonous, unless you have a manager who's humane enough to pay you well and help you grow. ","Teller","Former Employee","Wayne, PA","September 21, 2020","3.0"
651,"Promotes diversity and inclusion"," this bank will give you the opportunity grow your career if you choose. The embrace diversity and encourage involvement in the community . I was employed for 12 years until Covid caused my department to shut down permanently. Opportunities to work at home if that fits your lifestyle.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Saint Petersburg, FL","September 21, 2020","5.0"
652,"Unfair ","My manager was a nightmare Nice then stabs you in backShe was prejudice Company does not stand behind employees Salary doesn't compare to other banks","Teller","Former Employee","Delray Beach, FL","September 19, 2020","1.0"
653,"Consultant ","Was stressful but stable job , it was what you expect from a typical call center job. Stress on top of stress. The company was ok but the job itself wasn't for me.","Consultant","Former Employee","Remote","September 18, 2020","4.0"
654,"Typical call center","Worked in default department collecting on past due credit card accounts. Low hourly pay, back to back calls. Ok for students or someone just needing this temporary to get by. ","Customer Support","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 17, 2020","2.0"
655,"Productive and a very good work environment ","Good benefits and an awesome work place. Had no issues and also learned a lot working there as well. Dealt with a lot of customers who had a lot of problems and I had learned how to solve them in a timely matter, with multitasking as well! ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","September 16, 2020","5.0"
656,"PTSD will get you fired","Had trouble advancing due to being told no continually in taking classes for advancement. Managers who do not follow policies are not reprimanded. Those associates who do not follow policies get advancement opportunities quicker. PTSD or any mental disabilities will get you fired. Human Resources only concerned about accommodations for physical but not mental disabilities. It is only about sales and have you push products such as credit cards even if it is not best for customers. ","Branch Banker Sr","Former Employee","Long Neck, DE","September 15, 2020","1.0"
657,"Managers make the difference","During my almost six years at this bank, I had one phenomenal manager and one horrible manager. The difference drove me to leave the company. The corporate side is much more in tune with employees, their needs and concerns and opinions. The retails side is not. It's all about reaching your numbers.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","South Jersey","September 15, 2020","3.0"
658,"Customer Service Associate","OverallGreat place to work! Great benefits, paid vacation, flexible hours, training is provided accordingly, give you chances to learn and opportunities to grow within the Organization.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","September 15, 2020","5.0"
659,"Changing, and not for the better.","I can only speak for working in the branch. Do not go anywhere near this place if you have prior successful sales experience in banking. The incentive program is a rat race and training is nonexistent.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 15, 2020","1.0"
660,"Wonderful company benefits","Benefits package is unmatched. Only downfall, most branches do not have much opportunity to be promoted. Pay could be better with all the positions entail.","Services Associate Universal","Current Employee","Saint Clairsville, OH","September 12, 2020","4.0"
661,"Branch Services and Sales Associate","Good team atmosphere and this bank is really focused on continuous training and development . Culture is also important here, I worked on a campus so I was able to participate in a lot of students events which was stressful time but really fun at the same time. I would definitely recommend this company.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","September 12, 2020","5.0"
662,"Nice to start out ","It pays a decent amount for you job you do and the benefits for part timers are decent. I wish the company had standard hours for part timers like they can't work more than 30 hours a week. Unfortunately most part timers work just under 40 hours (for example 37-38) hours without reaping full time benefits. That is unfair and misleading.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 10, 2020","3.0"
663,"Its a slave shop. Work the people as much as possible, then cut them."," this bank is a bad work environment, its cronyism at the worst. If you don't know the right people, your life is done. If you are not a yes person, your manager will get revenge.","Release Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 9, 2020","1.0"
664,"Good place to start","Good place to start in the financial / sales industry, pays industry standard for tellers. 401k and benefits available, part time schedules available for those going to college and looking for a part time job with regular hours.A LOT of sales pressure.Less than average compensation for bankers in the industry. Limited opportunity for growth, and when you do prove your worth, your pay bump is barely recognizable. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","West Grove, NJ","September 9, 2020","3.0"
665,"Great place to work"," this bank keeps employees in the know and offers a great work-life balance. The people at this bank are usually very nice and easy to work with, making it easy to come to work each day.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2020","5.0"
666,"Racist Company","A typical day at work here is not easy, the management was not respectful and the CEO didn't seem to care. the best part was co workers and customers they made the day. But overall this company is racist. I failed a charge with the EEOC and they fired me about a week later.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 8, 2020","1.0"
667,"MIS is not stable","Management in MIS practice house cleaning every 6 months regardless of your ability. Positions are eliminated. Go work in Retail. Processes change every 6 months. Agile is not industry standard.","Scrum Master","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2020","3.0"
668,"Horrible Management & Unfair Treatment","Management is absolutely horrendous. The managers are two-faced.I felt like I am not treated equally based on position. The managers have favorites, there is always some sort of drama that they sit in office all day and gossip.The benefits are nice. The managers seem to think treating their employees like animals and brainwashing us into thinking this is normal treatment is OK.The managers fired the two employees that were open about their sexuality and I find that interesting - this bank boasts about their diversity, yet they fired them...our staff consists of only two POC (the rest is entirely white). The new employee that they hired got terminated within a week (she was also a POC, for reference).I learned to stick up for myself, not be taken advantage of (even though it almost got me fired multiple times).I went to the managers to file a complaint against another employee for inappropriate misconduct, yet they turned it into a lesson on how I was wrong for coming to them and it wasn't important enough to be filed on my behalf. I felt like I wasn't heard and I was bashed for bringing the situation to light.The branch manager breaks the dress code consistently. I wore a pair of heels (once) & they did not have a strap on the back. I got called into the office and was demanded to change my shoes. Wearing short dresses, sleeveless shirts/dresses, etc, the dress code doesn't apply to her. Abuse of power & position.The branch manager boldly told the staff, to our faces, with no hesitation, about her breast augmentation, because that is ethical and that is definitely - more...","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","September 5, 2020","1.0"
669,"Poor Management & Leadership","This company does not care about its employees unless you have a Management title. They will overlook complaints and concerns regarding management until a Client complains or reports it.","Small Business Specialist","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 4, 2020","2.0"
670,"Nothing ","upper management does not care about you as an employee. You can tell them you are being bullied by your superiors and they do not care to listen to you. The environment is very toxic ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 3, 2020","1.0"
671,"Stressful","The people you work with and for are fine, but the training isn't the same and many haven't gotten full retraining as they change over the past 20 years. No one seems to be on the same page and the customers can see that. ","Loan Services Representative","Current Employee","Remote","September 3, 2020","3.0"
672,"Former Pgh Employee","● Work-life balanceMy branch had absolutely no work life balance. It was basically like you back to high school in terms of the employees being extremely over-dramatic, refusing to do their jobs, and there was never follow up from management unless it was to punish. Even then, it felt like they didn't want to handle out of control employees. Because of that, I was constantly on call, coming in on my days off and staying late but getting in trouble for the amount of overtime I inevitably accrued.● Pay & benefitsTeller supervisors with this bank are grossly under compensated for their role. We were expected to act as managers with barely an increase in salary from a basic full- or part-time teller.● Job security and advancement this bank always has opportunities for advancement but they will absolutely play favorites on who they allow to progress.● ManagementManagement, from branch to upper management, only care about meeting their sales goals. You are not a valued employee, you are a small part of a large machine. It does not matter if you are sick, overworked, in need of help from your management team, they are not there for you.● CultureIt was like walking back into high school, complete with cliques and double standards. If you want a professional career, avoid banking at the branch level with this bank unless you have the patience of a saint.● OverallOverall, I do not recommend this bank as a place to establish a professional career in banking or otherwise unless you are okay with playing the role of either yes man or scapegoat.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2020","1.0"
673,"The Banker Era is over","The bank industry was already not doing as great but now with COVID-19. The banker era is done. Too much responsibility with low pay. Too much drama!.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 2, 2020","3.0"
674,"Not a Bad Place to Work"," this bank has a lot of potential, overall it is a great company. Personally I just experienced a team that was losing management, resources, support, and respect from partners at the bank. I've noticed the department does a very poor job at re-hiring much needed resources, however I can't speak on behalf of the overall company. ","Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2020","4.0"
675,"Terrible ","Most of the leadership is extremely conservative and republican — they talk a good game but the disrespect is everywhere This outfit operates totally on favoritism and a caste systemI spent over a decade here and am so happy I left Be careful ","Retail branches","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 28, 2020","1.0"
676,"Worked with a great team; HR needs to learn to do thorough investigations","I worked at this bank for 5 years. I had some great co-workers that made working there not so bad. The pay wasn't too bad either. HR doesn't conduct thorough investigations - they call and interview you about an incident, then fire you a couple days later. They don't bother to send somebody to the branch to do a thorough investigation. ","Teller","Former Employee","New Philadelphia, OH","August 28, 2020","1.0"
677,"Your opinion matters. Inclusive work culture","Work environment is very fast and at times grueling. Culture is supportive and inclusive. You don't mind working hard for a company that values you and what you contribute.","Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 28, 2020","5.0"
678,"Don't be fooled....","Poor training, yet, you will be expected to know everything and continuously micromanaged (no room for you to apply what you learned and grow). Harassment, disrespect, undervalued, favoritism from managers - you will not be measured by your work/merit, it will be whether or not a manager 'likes' you. this bank doesn't practice what it preaches. It sure knows how to make itself look good on paper. Managers abuse of their position to invade your privacy (e.g. demanding to use cameras to see inside your home) - and this bank will sit back and let them turn the workplace into a school playground. ","Virtual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 26, 2020","1.0"
679,"It's something new and a great experience ","I really enjoy working at this bank I've learned so much it's just a great experience overall, this bank also have great Benefits for you and your family also. ","Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","August 26, 2020","5.0"
680,"Not at all prepared for surges in volume","They don't seem prepared for fluctuations in work volume. Pay is low for market standards so they have a hard time bringing on staff. Bonus can be lucrative but it's easy to lose","Underwriter","Current Employee","Remote","August 25, 2020","3.0"
681,"Stretches Employees Thin","I was a 'part time' teller who was regularly scheduled 45+ hours a week. But they preach no overtime under any circumstance so I would often be there 6 days a week for 9+ hours a day, with 1-2 hour unpaid lunches where I just sort of sat around and waited to clock back in, all so I could stay under 39.75 hours, or god forbid they'd have to pay me benefits. I was told this was temporary as they were short staffed but this went on for the entire time I worked there. Within a few months of being there I was one of the senior-most tellers because the turnover rate was so high and everyone around me left. Management expects so much of you and it's impossible to meet all quotas and expectations. The customers are allowed to walk all over you and you just have to eat it with a smile. Management expects you to do the job of 3-4 people yet doesn't even pay well enough to cover the job you were hired to do. Worst job I've ever had. I took a $6/hour pay cut to work somewhere else because I was so desperate to get out.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2020","1.0"
682,"Company needs a lot of improvement","Company needs a lot of improvement. I would seriously reconsider working here. Poor management and very stressful. Employees are not valued. There is no room for growth. The system is horrible.","Loan Processor Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 23, 2020","1.0"
683,"Great for entry level","A great place to learn the industry. The benefits are pretty good. Salaries are ok at best. Layoffs should be a concern for anyone not in upper management.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","August 23, 2020","4.0"
684,"Fun but stressful","Bad management but great team. We got paid for training and travel which was nice. Favoritism is huge in the company and as long as they like you they give you anything. If sales are good you get nothing.","Teller 1","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","August 22, 2020","3.0"
685,"Life/Work","You are merely just a number with this bank. Incentive programs have been removed, additional hours during week and Saturdays added to schedule with no notice and overtime is unacceptable. If you're short staffed, plan to work like a dog without a break.Management on all levels is a joke!","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Oak Hall, VA","August 22, 2020","1.0"
686,"Poisoned Environment","Over time it became painfully apparent just how unhealthy the working environment and culture of this bank is. Top persons in management engages in gossipy conversations about you on a daily basis. Employees are put to watch and report on other employees so that they are able to advance to other positions within the company etc. The culture is poisoned and the environment is unhealthy and it gets worse every day.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 22, 2020","1.0"
687,"Great company except no flexibility","● Work-life balanceIt is a salary job so not flexible on hours. That makes it tough if you have kids with doctors appointments.● OverallI have two kids and I'm a single parent. Since this is a salary job you do not have much flexibility. When your kid gets sick then you may not have the ability to stay home with them.","Bank Teller Main Office","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","August 20, 2020","4.0"
688,"development Program ","The development program is an excellent way to break into the company. It puts you on the fast track for promoting from within. Also you really get to learn a lot about your lines of business."," this bank development program analyst","Current Employee","Michigan","August 19, 2020","4.0"
689,"Virtual - Productive and engaging place to work in","During my time working here of a year and two months, I've received three trainings and have tenured my experience in this role . It has enhanced my experience as an individual and as a part of the company .","Virtual Assistant","Current Employee","Remote","August 19, 2020","5.0"
690,"Wouldn't recommend ","Working for a bigger company has its ups and downs. The longer a person has worked there the more they get away with stuff. There are people I've seen who should have been fired between their attitude and breaking the rules. If you're new you get scolded over everything while others do worse or the same and don't get their jobs threatened. I feel like I don't belong at this bank. Too stressful to perform like a rock star all the time. You make a few small mistakes and they don't trust you. You're told you don't belong there even when you go above and beyond. I was happy with this job and now I'm miserable. All the employees are stressed out. A job shouldn't stress you out or make you feel like you don't fit in. It seems they all complain and back stab you.","Unknown","Current Employee","Unknown","August 17, 2020","1.0"
691,"It's low pay with little to no advancement","The care center can be stressful and they recently cut out our incentives. You'll take 70-80 calls a day back-to-back. Advancement in the care center is minimal. If you ever dream to get a position off the phone one day. Keep dreaming. Lastly, I've met my goals for a year straight. Barely any one does and I still haven't been promoted or given a raise.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2020","3.0"
692,"Company has an overall good, productive corporate culture that was not always present locally. ","Company has an overall good, productive corporate culture that was not always present locally. The local management doesn't adhere to the feel of the company culture. ","Vice President","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 13, 2020","4.0"
693,"Not rewarded on merit, just your previous work experience","Rewarded on politics, not ability to actually perform your job or job functions. Surprising that they kept this method of promotion after splitting from the Wells Fargo joint venture, but keeping the same policy. No surprise considering all banks on the banking side and finance side have this same form of self destruction that contributes to a lack of loyalty to and from the employees that actually perform, not the senior managers who are glorified tellers or mortgage processors.","Sales Manager","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","August 12, 2020","2.0"
694,"Run don't walk away from this place. ","Very low pay for all the expectations you are asked to do. There is an employee survey available every year. You're asked about your opinions but if you give negative ones, be prepared for retaliation from management. ","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Warrington, PA","August 12, 2020","1.0"
695,"Good pay. Horrible management. ","The culture is amazing. They are a great company. The management in retail on the other hand is horrible. Selfish. Never team players. Its almost like being in elementary school. The back and forth, he say she say. I expected more from the management team. If my manager was different, I would have stayed. ","Universal Banker Specialist","Former Employee","Brentwood, MO","August 11, 2020","3.0"
696,"Job Has Pro's & Con's","Overall I feel as if it was a good job to gain more customer experience. The pro's to the job is the pay rate (pays really good for a entry level). The job is pretty stressful as well; you have to know how to deal with the constant yelling from customers and the constant changes within the company that you aren't notified of on time enough to explain to customers. You can't advance the way you would like to; you have to work a whole year to get your hours changed and their isn't any pay increase unless you change positions. Management is so so; sometimes they help but most of the time they aren't much help at all. Plus breaks are based off how busy the center is that day; sometimes you were on the phones for 3-4hours before your short break of 15mins. I liked the pay but otherwise it was just to many other problems that continued to happen. It was hard to follow the policy 100% correctly because it was so many constant changes going on plus you didn't have enough chances to correct anything before they'll write you up. I wouldn't recommend this job due to the amount of stress your put through and you don't get enough help from management.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2020","2.0"
697,"Loan analyst"," this bank is a good company however, the pay is very low meaning raises are lack luster. At times the process seems to be sexist. Women make a lot more than men. On top of that if you move up in the company they in a lot of cases give no raise if it's one step up. In addition if you are coming into the company, ask for a lot because they may pay you more than somebody who is getting a promotion. A lot of people join this bank leave for a year or so come back and make way more money than they should. That's what I am working on now leaving the co to perhaps come back.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2020","3.0"
698,"Allowed to work from home","You are allowed to work at times from home. You will put in long hours. Knowledge of Word and excel essential. They do allow ample time to complete exams.","Senior Field Examiner","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 9, 2020","3.0"
699,"Management","Horrible managers and work/life balance. Not a great company to work for especially the branch worked at. Managers never know how to help tellers, favorite line 'I'm not a teller, sorry I can't help.'","Full time Teller","Former Employee","Tenafly, NJ","August 7, 2020","1.0"
