600,"Good for Employees","Not bad place to work for employees. Nice benefits, nice vacation time and paid time off policies. Day to day job not too challenging but can get very monotonous. ","Help Desk Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2020","3.0"
601,"Wish it were busier","Some Branches have very slow traffic while others are always hopping.Great company to work for though. Our leads were old and always the same names, they should also offer more competitive deposit products.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","Maitland, FL","November 4, 2020","4.0"
602,"Horrible place to work","Play favorites!!!!! This company is a JOKE a lot of gossiping, breaking rules HR Doesn't care! Nobody cares about YOU! They closing branches all the time and left ppl without job. ","Teller II","Current Employee","Florida","November 4, 2020","1.0"
603,"Foot in the Door","I wouldn't recommend working for this company at a branch however you would learn a lot for your next career opportunity. I did enjoy my job as a teller however once I moved up I began hating my position and breaking down on my lunch break due to stress. this bank has also taken away many of the benefits I earned when I first started to give more to customers. ","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","November 2, 2020","2.0"
604,"Job security","Always knew what needed to be done. Enjoyed my customers and fellow team members. There are many commercials and print ads for this bank which gives it great name recognition.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Jupiter, FL","November 1, 2020","5.0"
605,"No advancement management has favorites","OverallMy experience working at this bank your just another employeeDo Not work here no room for advancement no training to do new roles the training they have is on a computer that you get on orientation. Blackout dates and rules on how you can use your vacation seniority gets1st picks on vacations if your denied for a date and call-out your written up.You only get 7 call-outs but have to wait a full year to receive them again (call-outs do not renew every January) if you use more than 5 call-outs your placed on a verbal warning. Raises are horrible 5 and 10 cents for doing your best and your manager gets to determine how much of a raise if any you get do not apply here unless you enjoy being taken advantage of and lied too.","Accounts Receivable Lockbox Operations","Current Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","November 1, 2020","1.0"
606,"Being the Lead Teller will drain the life out of you.","Work-life balanceMy personal favorite are all the work conversations to your personal phone on your off time! Everything is personal. Always and forever short staffed.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 29, 2020","3.0"
607,"Worst place I've ever worked ","Their call center is too busy and if you love yourself you won't work there. The management is toxic the pay is trash for the amount of stuff you deal with on the daily with their customers. Look someone else.","Customer Service Representative I Lead","Former Employee","Remote","October 28, 2020","1.0"
608,"Okay job for someone with no experience","Got boring after a few months - nothing new to learn. No advancement in the company. Customers were often rude but you had to take it because 'customers are always right'","Teller","Current Employee","Clever, MO","October 28, 2020","4.0"
609,"Good paying part-time job","The pay was good for a part-time job. For the most part, everyone was fairly nice and willing to help me learn. The company tried to make sure we were as safe as possible during COVID, which was nice. However, there was a lot of pressure on everyone to make sales which made for a tense work environment. Wouldn't go back but overall the job was decent.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 28, 2020","3.0"
610,"Only interested in the RICHEST of the RICH"," this bank often stressed the need to SELL SELL SELL their products. This bank does not want customers with lower or middle class families, they are only interested in wealthy customers whom use this bank credit cards. The management is a joke as it is the same people year to year, they are not management because of any degree of skill, solely because they kiss butt and agree with everything the boss says.","Teller","Former Employee","Cranberry, PA","October 27, 2020","1.0"
611,"High turn over","Ok to work here. They only really care if they can benefit. Very stressful you only advance if you are a favorite. Not cool at all upper management is unfair ","Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 23, 2020","3.0"
612,"Good Place to work Sales"," this bank is a great company to work for if you are looking for a sales position. They truly care about their employees and do all that they can to make sure the work environment is safe and inclusive. The management cares about their employees and their ability to progress in their careers. It is overall a safe bet to grow your career. ","Teller","Current Employee","Hartville, OH","October 22, 2020","5.0"
613,"Lots of work for little pay","I worked inside a giant and they wanted us to hassle the shoppers for credit cards while they shopped. The pay was also bad for the amount of work they wanted you to do. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","October 22, 2020","2.0"
614,"Stable ","benefits are great, management is great they truly care about you. They are not pushy on sales. Excellent work like balance time off and flexible schedule ","Lead Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 20, 2020","5.0"
615,"Great career","Always room to grow. Lots of information and training. Customer and sale focused. Time management can sometimes be hard. Great products and solutions for all ages","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 20, 2020","5.0"
616,"Enjoyable at times, but not always the best.","For the most part it is a good work environment. This position is more for an entry level/stepping stone into other positions within the company. The co-workers are nice to work with. The job itself is nothing special, along with the pay. this bank offers great benefits.","Teller","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","October 20, 2020","4.0"
617,"Wealth Management Intern","Not very respectfulReally didn't attribute any actual tangible workHad to figure out almost everything on my ownBoss was very niceThe internship program had no direction and I did not learn very much good pay","Wealth Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2020","2.0"
618,"Good company going downhill"," this bank was great at first, customer service was the most important goal. Then, almost overnight, sales became the dominating concern. Initially I worked in a branch environment. The sales pressure over time became intolerable, so I decided to apply for and obtain a position in a less stressful environment.In my role as client Solution Specialist, it was a great, very professional atmosphere. Many good people. Unfortunately this is a position you cannot learn with a handful of books, training that consisted of 5 days sitting and watching another rep, and a 'buddy' via Skype, who was mostly tied up with their own jobs to take time to assist. Asking for assistance was frowned upon, and nothing shy of perfection was treated as a disaster, where good performance was rarely addressed. this bank started as a great job, but the sales pressure in the retail side, and the borderline hostile atmosphere of the , it became a nightmare that worsened daily. 2015 this bank was a great company. Throughout 2016 it was mostly downhill. 2017 became absolutely intolerable from a stress standpoint to the degree I resigned before I even had alternative employment lined up. It was that stressful.","Client Solution Specialist Sr","Former Employee","Downtown Ft Lauderdale","October 19, 2020","2.0"
619,"Upper Management "," this bank is a great company for benefits. Other than that, they do not pay well, upper management is lacking proper leadership models and most are not fair and honest with employees. ","Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 16, 2020","2.0"
620,"Great management"," this bank really wants to see all of their employees grow and succeed. Although there are a lot of tasks to complete within a single workday. You are surrounded by a team to help make it happen.","Branch Manager Sr Staff Manager II","Former Employee","Reading, OH","October 15, 2020","4.0"
621,"Terrible","Wasted many years at this job. this bank preaches about inclusiveness and diversity and I didn't experience either of these things working here. Management did not follow any guidelines for the pandemic, no temp checks/masks worn etc. Manager let several employees keep coming into work sick. Lots of racist and prejudice comments made every day. Extremely hostile work environment. You will get bullied until you finally leave if they don't like you or you don't fit in. This didn't only happen to just me at this branch either. Customer surveys reflect how terrible most associates are, I often carried the team to get bonus at end of quarter. I have spent many days physically sick from the stress I have endured from working here. Expect your mental health to plummet. ","Branch Associate","Former Employee","United States","October 15, 2020","1.0"
622,"Good job","I loved the part time position I had. Also they train well but you get a better hang of everything when you actually start to work on the phones and get comfortable speaking with people.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 12, 2020","4.0"
623,"Great place to work introducing clients to banking products.","I enjoyed introducing banking clients to banking products that would help them with their financial issues. Having repeat clients requesting my service was extremely rewarding to me. ","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Bridgeville, PA","October 11, 2020","5.0"
624,"So many sale and referral","I used to work for this bank for the last 16 years, they offered me an early retirement since MarchIt was nice to work there , good benefit but too stressful , always shorted staffs","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","October 9, 2020","3.0"
625,"Company walks their talk","Very good company to work for; great training program; good pay; great management. Company cares about continuous improvement. Also company seeks to develop talent within organization. Strong organizational communication is practiced at all levels.","Support Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","October 8, 2020","4.0"
626,"High stress work environment ","The company confuses the daily tracking of activities with quantifiable results. Much time is wasted tracking behaviors that do not lead to required goal achievement. This creates a stressful, unproductive work environment. Additionally there are too many layers of management in this organization which muddies communication from the top down. Finally, the centralization of decision making creates barriers to nimbly assist customers in any meaningful way. ","ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","October 7, 2020","2.0"
627,"Great place to work!","Great place to work! Supportive management and team members. Flexibility in scheduling. Work life balance. Champion of social justice. Allowed to work from home during pandemic.","Quality Analyst II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 6, 2020","4.0"
628,"Cliquey Environment","Pay & benefitsMy pay and benefits at this bank are fantastic. They pay you fairly and they also give you plenty of PTO as well as holidays. The health and dental benefits were fantastic and were very affordable for a single individual.","Banker","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","October 6, 2020","3.0"
629,"Great benefits and room to grow.","I haven't started yet, but from what I could tell this bank truly cares for their employees and the benefits/PTO is definitely a plus. Highly recommend working for this company. ","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 6, 2020","5.0"
630,"Branch Banker Associate","Do not listen to what they promise you. You will work 9-10 hour days in a glorified retail position. The company allows for customers to walk all over you, so long as they are happy. The only thing that they are concerned about is making a sale and trying to bring up numbers. They care very little for work-life balance and instead want you to be committed to a culture of selling and putting customers before your family. If it was not for my manager, I would have quit long ago. You will meet plenty of great co-workers, but it does not make up for the poor excuse of the rest of the job. The technology is 30 years behind and the systems you work with often crash or are not user friendly. In the position I worked, I had to do personal banking and teller work. You would think that would justify some kind of pay raise, but you will make marginally more than a teller and less than a banker. Essentially you are paid to do two jobs while receiving the pay of one job. The hours are long, and often I have worked 3-4 Saturdays a month. In terms of career advancement, it really depends on how they are feeling. They will tell you that after the first year of working here that you are able to move anywhere in the company. This is false doctrine, as they have denied me to 14 different jobs that I have applied for since my one year. Unless you produce an unholy amount of sales, they have no interest in moving you from retail. In conclusion, if you like sales and customer service you will enjoy this position. Personally I value a work-life balance and the retail positions at this bank do not - more...","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2020","1.0"
631,"Decent company with good benefits but lacking compensation","I worked for this bank for five years and only during my last year did I have a manager that did their best to see about where I wanted to go in the company.. The company has great benefits with their 401k, health, dental, vision and employee stock purchasing. Working in retail banking gets very tiring.. After awhile you get tired of the clientele that comes in with overdrawn accounts every other day that can't manage their accounts. If you're good at multiple tasks don't be surprised to be taken advantaged of. I was the ATM custodian for years because another coworker was too slow. And I was expected to manage the teller line and also do banking on the platform side. Worked very hard day to day and deserved to be in a better position or at least be getting raises as I had always had a meets all yearly review.Also, the incentives you receive quarterly were lacking and felt like a joke. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Tamarac, FL","October 4, 2020","3.0"
632,"Great coworkers ","Work-life balanceHighly gossip-ridden corporation. High stress. Not enough staff. Poor SchedulePay & benefitsMy pay and benefits at this bank are poor. They keep taking away ability to earn incentivesJob security and advancementZero opportunity for advancementManagementIn general, managers at this bank turnover quickly.CultureGreat co-workersOverallSell-sell-sell, close to Wells Fargo. Unethical practice","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wisconsin","October 1, 2020","1.0"
633,"Enjoyed working here. ","I enjoyed working for this bank. Advancement in the company. Short staffed most of the time and a lot of turnover in branches. Compensation was good. Time off was good and all of their benefits were great. ","Teller","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 1, 2020","5.0"
634,"Great Benefit","Requires high standards in salesBeing a Teller is extremely easy. They give you trainingBanker Job requires more. Hours are extended which sucks a little 9-6 m-f ","Branch Banker Sales Associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 1, 2020","4.0"
635,"Pay","The pay is good.As for job security, It all depends on what department your working in and the position.If coming in as a temp., Your most likely going to be just that, a temp.","Funder","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2020","3.0"
636,"Good job","The people make it worth it and if u like working in a fast paced environment then this wonderful environment is great for you and is helpful with family","Teller Lead","Former Employee","New York, NY","September 29, 2020","5.0"
637,"You get what you give","I have seen some amazing careers happen within this bank for people who try and are open to change, that are hard working and love people. I have seen careers end quickly when there was a bad fit. this bank heavily emphasizes you being in charge of your own development with them as a support and for me personally, I have loved it and I feel like I have plenty of support when I am looking for a good next step in my career. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","September 29, 2020","5.0"
638,"Low pay and stressful work environment. ","Work-life balance at this bank is not good. My pay and benefits at this bank are low","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Winston-Salem, NC","September 29, 2020","2.0"
639,"A lot is changing ","DO NOT PLAN ON BANKERS HOURS HERE! A lot has changed around expectations on your work life balance. this bank claims to have been voted top 10 for mother's.. that's a joke in my opinion. this bank hold their employees to a great standard of excellence and I will never discredit that but you end up putting your all into this company to realize you're a number to them unless you provide something. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","DuBois, PA","September 28, 2020","4.0"
640,"Branch Banker","Work-life balanceMy management team and colleagues are great to work with always can count on anyone if assistance is neededPay & benefitsI have no complaintsJob security and advancementThey always go within for open positions before going externalManagementMy manager is awesome hands downCultureNothingOverallI have no plans to leave. I enjoy working for this bank. I see long-term goals . I would highly recommend any close friend or family member to work for this bank.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 27, 2020","5.0"
641,"Toxic","If you enjoyed high school than you will enjoy this bank. If you are a Manager it's impossible to be successful. You are told to manage and coach but the regional managers encourage hourly employees to call HR and complain. Human Resources is like the parents of the kid who got a C on the test. The place is a joke ","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 26, 2020","1.0"
642,"Work from home ","Absolutely horrible experience. I was literally interrogated during training because the mentor apparently didn't like me. I was fired for issuing a credit to a customers account even though my manager told me it was OK. I was reported to an ethics line for it. No one there likes their job. Money is decent but it's just horrible. As bad as collections. ","CSR Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","September 25, 2020","1.0"
643,"Really Customer Oriented ","Overall, great bank to work at since the local branches are well-organized and are very friendly. They really give opportunities to employees to grow.","Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 25, 2020","5.0"
644,"Racist Company","They are extremely unprofessional, vindictive, the initiators of office politics and create hostile work environments. They encourage their less productive workers to harass their more productive workers. They are very intimidated by those who are more knowledgeable than them who are in lower positions than they are. They know those people have the potential to go a lot further in the company and they pull out all the stops to keep that from happening.On top of that I complained to the EEOC and they fired me.They like to keep people around who are less knowledgeable than them, brown nose and have no ethics or morals. As long as those people are around, they know that there positions are safe. Whereas someone whose a strong performer, knowledgeable and is able to do their job well with integrity, they try to get rid of and are very successful at doing it","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 25, 2020","1.0"
645,"Good pay and benefits "," this bank is a solid company with good benefits. Branches have set hours, and tellers don't need to stay indefinitely after work because the vault needs to be closed. Retail banking isn't for everyone. Some customers are just angry and irrational, particularly when they have caused their own problem. Unfortunately, they sometimes get the opportunity to answer a survey about you personally after they visit the branch. this bank. takes these surveys as gospel, and you can end up doing your job well, correctly, and kindly but being dinged in the survey by unreasonable customers. You have no defense. Something else that's hard is that this bank is very oriented to large cities, and their sales techniques and expectations don't play well in small towns where you have the same customers over and over. They don't want a credit card, as they told you last week and the week before, and some don't like that tellers are looking at their accounts closely, even to see what services or upgrades might really be helpful. They also don't like waiting in a line out the door because tellers are required to try to sell or set an appointment with each transaction. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","September 25, 2020","4.0"
646,"Never worked for a more horrible establishment","The company is ridiculous the staff talks about every other staff member the drama in the place is worse then being in high school and if your not apart of the manager click then they will do everything to get you fired the absolutely worst company i have ever worked for","Team Member","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","September 24, 2020","1.0"
647,"paid time off","Job security and advancementIn terms of job security at this bank , I think they are doing a very good job with security an advancement.","Branch Sales Associate Representative","Current Employee","Central nj","September 24, 2020","2.0"
648,"Team work","Was very educational. engaging and inclusive in all their aspects Managers made you feel engaged in learning the company ways and sought to guide you through the process of understanding the company's objectives ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","September 23, 2020","4.0"
649,"Needs Improvement","Pay isn't great but this is a good starter job and you will learn a lot. Compared to other banks around , they are lower paying. Incentives have been taken away and it gives you no purpose to really work for this company.","Teller","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","September 23, 2020","3.0"
