350,"-0- work/life balance","Senior management says one thing and does another. Too much pressure to achieve goals causing employees to become product pushers- much the same as Wells Fargo. Constantly changing focus and directions and extremely structured environment- turning employees into product pushing robots. Mandatory 6 day work week for all- absolutely no work life balance. Regional Manager was inexperienced in managing and was unethical. ","Vice President of Sales","Former Employee","Kane County, IL","July 19, 2021","1.0"
351,"Reliable income but management can't be trusted","My job was fine, no complaints about day to day, but when it came time to be considered for any kind of promotions, management will be sneaky and do outside hires. A position opened in my branch that I expressed interest in multiple times to my branch manager. No job posting was listed and he continuously told me that he would keep an eye on it for me. A couple weeks later, a new girl from another company somehow got the job when it was still never posted. I did not stay long after that. ","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Cary, NC","July 17, 2021","3.0"
352,"No","Job is an okay starter position be prepared to have to kiss butt to actually make it within the company. If you are looking to stay stagnant for a while by all mean work here","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Saint Louis County, MO","July 16, 2021","1.0"
353,"Corporate ","Very pushy on sales but nice people I would work here again if I was ever interested in working in banking again opposed to other banks very up to date and modern .","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Farmington Hills, MI","July 16, 2021","2.0"
354,"great work life balance.","the way this bank handle the pandemic showed that they care for their employees. As banking needs continue change as well as the economy, it's good to work for a bank that is always trying to stay ahead of the curve.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","July 13, 2021","5.0"
355,"We are like one big family","I work with a great group of people, we get along well like we are family. when you fist start you get three weeks vacation, all of the major holidays off, plus paid time off.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 12, 2021","5.0"
356,"Low pay, lacks motivation ","The pay is very low for the amount of work you're expected to do. Walmart and Burger King pays more so that should be a red flag. Also, the bank has this survey system which is barbaric in rating its employees. That is, if you get a 9 out of 10 you're an under-performing employee. It is extremely demotivating and addressing it with management is practically useless. You're basically told you need to get over it. My experience there wasn't a good one. The daily stress isn't worth the lack of compensation and the lack of motivation and purpose doesn't make it much better. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 11, 2021","2.0"
357,"Awesome place to grow"," this bank is an awesome place to work and grow,I have learned so many different areas in the financial business. The management really cares for you and your success ","Online Banking Representative Tier II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","July 9, 2021","5.0"
358,"Pay not worth it ","Overall was an okay experience , pressure was too real here . Managers did not know how to communicate and most of time scolded employees who weren't performing. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","July 9, 2021","3.0"
359,"Fast paced work ","This is a good place to work as long as you don't mind a fast paced work environment. You just have to learn how to keep your productivity up with good quality you have a chance to earn bonus money. ","Lockbox Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 8, 2021","4.0"
360,"A hot mess"," this bank does not know how to manage their size and their volume of business. Since before I started there has been mandatory OT and application dates that are months old leaving us with highly upset customers and rushing to clean up the mess all the while using the phrase 'business as usual'. Upper management comes up with 'fixes' but has no idea what the day to day role is and continue to make the job increasingly more difficult. Before I started someone that did not work for this bank said they heard it was a sweat shop and honestly that is a good description. OT is mandatory and the only way to possibly meet management demands. Good for the paycheck, but for quality of life. this bank also recently made the change that employees can roll over 3 vacation days. After two years, employees previously could buy an additional week of vacation but with the 3 day rollover, employees now only have the option to buy 2 days, reducing the number of days employees can take off each year.","Loan Processing Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 7, 2021","2.0"
361,"Average","Very 'corporate'. Being a bank, you get the bank holidays off, but everything else is very dry and very bland corporate atmosphere. Huge push for employees to go back in office even for positions that require no face to face interaction.","Account Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2021","3.0"
362,"A Job","It was a job and that is about it. Management was overly stressed. Bankers had very high unattainable goals. Constantly feeling pressured to make a sale even if it is not what is best for the customer. Typical day would be morning meeting at 8:15am. This was semi nice discussing what would occur for the day and everyone would say a goal for the day also. Then go to my desk and log in to my systems/ check emails. Wait for customers to come in to provide service or lobby engage by standing in the lobby and directing customers to either a teller, banker, or manager. While at your desk you are expected to document each interaction as well as have one sales conversation. This company is only good to work for if you are extremely money driven.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Penn Hills, PA","July 6, 2021","3.0"
363,"Underdog:)","This work was indirect work. Meaning that a company I worked for had a contract for maintenance three to four days a week. Therefore, in accordance with that work the questions pertain to. Not directed toward this bank completely.","Maintenance Worker","Former Employee","Cheboygan County, MI","July 4, 2021","4.0"
364,"Fun place to work","I worked as a teller. The work/life balance was amazing. I loved i could go home and not have to worry about my job. The training is in depth and make sure you are comfortable before you start in a branch.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Butler, PA","July 3, 2021","5.0"
365,"Terrible benefits. Good work life balance","Great work life balance if not in operationsTerrible benefits regarding health planBelow average compensation No raise for most promotions 1% average raises per year ","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 2, 2021","3.0"
366,"Good if you need a job but all they care about is sales goals etc.","Training is terrible. It doesn't prepare you for what happens in a daily environment. Management (depending on who you have) can be helpful or not if their not focused on their own problems. The only thing that saved me from not running around with my head cut off was previous banking experience. Turnover rate is high because the environment is toxic.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","July 1, 2021","2.0"
367,"Poor training ","Crammed info into your head and expected you to retain it. Put on the phones prematurely without enough prior access to the systems used everyday. Typical call center metrics and coaching. Very regimented. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","July 1, 2021","2.0"
368,"Had a positive experience working at this bank","The majority of management were friendly a cared about their employees in the Check Processing department. I worked there 20 years ago. Would go back now!","check processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2021","4.0"
369,"Competitive","The work is not bad. The good: They provide good training and good benefits. I enjoyed helping my customers and recommending products that best fit their needs. Job work balance was good. The bad: Very stressful. Competitive to the point of cutthroat as bankers job is measured by their metrics on how many products they sell in a quarter. This creates a less than desirable work culture in which you have to watch your back at every turn. I had some of my work 'stolen' by a coworker and my manager assigned my leads to her, she was my senior. Lunch is 30 minutes and you may have a 10 minute break if it's not too busy. Lots of negativity and fake people. HR sucks and will not help you if you place a complaint. Unfortunately, it was too much for me and I happily quit. The job itself was a great experience. The people I worked with, not so much. Good health benefits, low wages, stressful.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","June 30, 2021","3.0"
370,"Different Shifts","Dose not provide life work balance. And would prefer younger workers over experienced seasoned trained employees. Don't appreciate the older workers and don't advance them.","Fraud Analyst I","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 30, 2021","3.0"
371,"this bank - company to avoid","run by out of touch people and completely run from india. Not interested in diversity, the find your own seat area is a horrible working conditions in the tech tower, the hostility is overwhelming.","Program Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2021","1.0"
372,"Poor upper management ","Company doesn't seem to look out for customers, more about selling and making money, Not what is best for the customer in front of you at the moment. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 30, 2021","1.0"
373,"Make this place temporary","If you need a stepping stone then this job is for you. Each year the benefits are decreasing for the amount of work that you do. This company is a revolving door, therefore they are always under-staffed at their call center. If you work outside of the call center you are learning on your own and hope you get it right. They leave a lot of employees in the dark. ","BANK OPERATIONS SERVICE SR","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 30, 2021","1.0"
374,"Interesting Experience ","I enjoyed my time at this bank. But, I was under a lot of pressure a lot of the time due to their customer surveys.. if you got a bad review, you were made to feel pretty crummy about it. Also, my regional manager was very intimidating. I do miss my days at this bank from time to time, but I'm glad to be gone. ","Teller","Former Employee","Margate City, NJ","June 28, 2021","3.0"
375,"Good opportunity to learn basic banking ","Working on the phones was stressful since it's not organized. A lot of managers don't give you an opportunity to succeed. Pay is good and always opportunity to work extra hours ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 26, 2021","5.0"
376,"A life of busy work","A typical day at work: Log in. Join MS Teams. Engage in work/life related banter all day. Each person handles their assigned tasks. Skype Meetings. Log out. Repeat the next day.What you learned: * I learned that Midwest culture in the work place is very NOT diverse. * When working remotely, the best way to feel like you are a part of the this bank family, is to go into a local branch and build relations with them. At least then you won't feel so apart.Management: Like anywhere, some are good, some are bad. Probably the worse part is the deluge of paperwork and processes that change weekly. Its like work for the sake of work. Whenever someone comes up with a procedure, they just make a new rule and even if that impacts some other process, so what.","Vice President","Current Employee","Washington, DC","June 26, 2021","4.0"
377,"Overworked and Underpaid","I strongly recommend not working on the retail end. The sales goals are unreal and unrealistic and the pay out is terrible. You have to do so much selling and only to get a few hundred dollars of pay out, which is only quarterly. Most of the branches close at 6, so that means you work 8:30am-6pm most days. They also don't pay you anything, no matter the experience you have. At most you will make $42K if you go into a branch as a banker and you have to fight tooth and nail for that. Turnover is extremely high. It's also hard to get days off, and don't even think about asking for a Friday or Monday off. It will be very hard to get, and they will give you the biggest guilt trip if you want either day off. Overall, unless you just really need a job, do not work at this bank on the retail side. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 25, 2021","1.0"
378,"Productive!","Nice workplace, fun people, not stressful at all! The work is easy, the people are fun and so are your clients most days. Like any job, you will have weird days with difficult ppl but overall, its decent!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","June 24, 2021","4.0"
379,"Laid back ","Laid back, work from home. Management is helpful. Never a dull moment when speaking to customers in regards to their money. Overall good company to work with. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 24, 2021","3.0"
380,"Had a lot of issues while i was there ","Never enough staff to handle clients, little help behind the teller line and management often only cared about sales goals. My management would also consistently tell me 'I should just know things' without having to be told or informed how to do them. Despite the fact that on the teller line the management did not know how to do the functions either. Overall a rough experience made harder by Covid-19. ","Teller","Former Employee","Naples, FL","June 23, 2021","3.0"
381,"A lot of work that needs to be done.","Stressful job. 6 day work weeks 90% of the time, which means no work life balance. Kids? Oh well. School? Oh well. Manager would write employees up for being 3 minutes late. Manager would write you up for almost anything. Unrealistic goal expectations. Be prepared to be lectured every 5 mins about why you're not meeting your numbers. Constant micromanagement and badgering. Benefits are really good, but that's about it. Loved my co workers as well. Management is a joke. Don't expect to make any money unless you go above and beyond every quarter. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Hoffman Estates, IL","June 23, 2021","2.0"
382,"Great company ","I really enjoyed working for this bank. If it wasn't for the fact that I was part time and ended up needing full time I would have stayed! Really fun job though. ","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","June 23, 2021","5.0"
383,"Great company","They really care for the customers and employees. They have great work life balance and makes sure you take your PTO. During covid They really made sure the employees were safe and taken care of.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 23, 2021","5.0"
384,"Poor and constant management turnover. New regionals didn't even know the basic functions of the roles they managed. ","Poor and constant management turnover. New regionals didn't even know the basic functions of the roles they managed. Compensation plan consistently changed once goals were reached. Percentage of pay taken for unexplained reasons with no recourse. Worst decision to work for this bank, hopefully only a regional problem but too large not to notice nationally. Don't try to suggest a process change or improvement, even if it only helps others. They only want people to be robots and have no compassion for employees. Keep you head in the sand and you will go far!!","Retail Sales","Former Employee","North Carolina","June 22, 2021","1.0"
385,"Excellent","Great company, would recommend working here amazing awesome best place awesome amazing best place excellent best ever great people amazing best awesome ","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2021","5.0"
386,"Great Benefits ","Great place to work, lots of opportunities for career advancement. It does feel that upper management cares about their employees and each year there are improvements made within company.","Escalations Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","June 22, 2021","4.0"
387,"Productive workplace","Company has great benefits and pay, you must be a busy bee and make sure you are meeting goals and sales if you want to succeed. Fun place to build clients relationships and room for growth ","Branch Retail Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Joliet, IL","June 22, 2021","4.0"
388,"Fun work place","Good pay, I enjoyed my time at this bank, it was a bit micro managed at times . I handled large volume of calls, flexible pto and great benefits. I would recommend working at this bank ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 21, 2021","5.0"
389,"They try to come off as 'different' but they are just like ever other bank","Working for this bank is inconsistent , they treat some branches much better then others . For example the branches in more impoverished areas have far less technology and the branches aren't as kept up as the more wealthy areas. Working for this bank is like working for any other bank. It has its ups and downs . Your overall enjoyment while with the company varies depending on the manager. One of the major drawbacks for working for this company is how they draw you in because of there status as one of the largest banks in the country but at the end of the day they pay like a small town credit union. Most employees with children have to work part time jobs to make ends meet because this bank refuse to accommodate financially according to the times . Just like any other major financial institution you can go from being the top of the company in sales one month to literally getting fired the next. They are very strict on how they want things done , even if you have a different way that works for you they want it done 'there way'. Overall this company is a bunch of malarkey and filled with false promises . They are just like every other bank . Actually who am i kidding they are worse then other banks . Others banks close between 4:30-5pm this bank decided to close at 6 pm but yet and still they post on the digital screens in branches about promoting a work to life balance . How can you say you promote a work to life balance when I'm leaving my bank job at 6:45 at night. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","June 19, 2021","3.0"
390,"Nothing Special","Typical big corporation environment. Nothing special. Pay and benefits are average. Not a bad place to work, but not a great place either. I always had the sense that there has to be something better out there.","Operations Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2021","3.0"
391,"Initial experience was positive; work culture and management style and support of employees changed 180 degrees in the 20+ years I worked there.","A typical day at work is filled with stress, emphasis on productivity and statistics and a general lack of support for employees. I learned quite a lot about financial services through my own accomplishments and desire to be learn. Management most recently was very unsupportive and exclusionary, especially with respect to individual employee special needs and medical conditions. Oftentimes, I found management to be disregarding, with a negative attitude regarding my experience and my advanced educational level (M.Ed.. + Ph.D. program ABD).at times, it seemed that jealously and a desire to be secretive regarding management's motives and actions was definitely part of the work culture. Openness of management is talked about, but not truly part of the work experience especially in recent years. The most enjoyable part of the job was the (limited) ability to interact with other employees that became my friends and supports. The hardest part of the job was the negativity, unattainable productivity emphasis, lack of openness and truthfulness,and lack of support from the management team, particularly in the area where I worked prior to leaving my position.","Quality Assurance Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 16, 2021","1.0"
392,"this bank does not like to give raises to its employees"," this bank has amazing benefits and paid time off. However, don't get your heart set on raises of anything more than an extra $0.25/hr.They just want you to do more and more with no extra compensation.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2021","3.0"
393,"Development","I currently been in a bba position one year now and passed my yearly review on no corrective actions and I applied for a title I recently had before this position at another bank but her with this bank full time banker I passed the assessment and also talk to the recruiter about salary rate I am now on my fourth manager in a year and keep getting the run around for the position mind you I have 2 years experience as a personal banker prior to the role im in now I applied two months ago had a interview with a manager who left within two months just had a 2nd interview with the manager now who been here a month and I keep getting told we have to pick the best fit for the role I keep getting talk to like I'm inexperienced mean while we lost four employees and I am currently taking on task that aren't in my role I'm not getting paid for it vault custodian I have been a team player but for some reason I am being held back in advancement ! I feel I'm not valued here at this company or location I reach out to upper management with my concern and didn't get no help ","Branch Banker Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2021","1.0"
394,"Pay","Bonuses based off of performance regardless of being out of work. They aren't caring about employees but offer jobs to new people it's signing bonuses. Being told sorry it's business sucks ","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Delaware","June 13, 2021","3.0"
395,"stressful place to work for","Maybe is just this branch in Pompano. Management is always late for work and we are late 5 minutes or less, we got warned. the morale of this branch is underground, no one is happy, everybody feels miserable. Maybe is just the branch because this bank has fairly good benefits.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","June 10, 2021","2.0"
396,"It could be worse ","Pay and benefit are good. Very short staffed. They pay well it is a very busy branch. Can be a fun place to work depends on the day. I like some of the programs they have to get extra HSA money. ","Teller","Current Employee","Tiffin, OH","June 9, 2021","3.0"
397,"Good Work Life Balance. Terrible Pay","Good place for work life balance, but pay is terrible. Even if you move up to another job level if you are in the salary range you will just be doing more work for no more money. A place to stay if you don't need a big raise or care about career advancement. ","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 7, 2021","2.0"
398,"Ehhhhh"," this bank is geared to micromanaging their employees. If goals are not met, you are put on what they call 'PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT.' Think twice before applying. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","June 7, 2021","1.0"
399,"Nice employees but very stressful job with no training to learn the job. ","Pay is not worth the stressNo training to learn the jobNo help to learn. Nice employees High expectations to meet incentiveLots of online virtual classes which is only training they give you they does not actually teach you how to do your job. ","Personal Banker and Teller","Current Employee","Lockport, IL","June 5, 2021","2.0"
