6250,"nice place to work","fair management., flexible hours, good recognition of employees","TEAM LEADER","Former Employee","philadelphia, pa","September 30, 2013","4.0"
6251,"Wealth Management","I develop business internally by maintaining and expanding strong relationships with line of business partners. I've learned that the company functions differently from the head quarters and is attempting to establish a brand in this market. Management means well but is still trying to figure it all out. My co-workers are a mixed bag, as in most office environments but everyone must have a business development mind set. The hardest part of my job is making sure everyone can see the forest through the trees and developing our brand. The most enjoyable part is when you see the information click for someone.","Channel Development Advisor","Current Employee","Florida","September 30, 2013","3.0"
6252,"Great company they know how to choose their employees","I enjoyed my position and my co-workers were awesome. the company has great values, however, you have to make sure you are on good terms which your regional manager. If not they will have it out for you.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","September 29, 2013","4.0"
6253,"great workplace","answering incoming and outgoing call breaking down equipmen troubleshooting calls","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2013","5.0"
6254,"demanding job with lots of responsibilities.","What i have learned is that we are disposable and technology is replacing us quickly. Young management doesn't respect the knowledge older workers have. Working with the public is rewarding.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 28, 2013","4.0"
6255,"You'll never be bored","You do the same thing, day after day but every day you have different circumstances which vary depending on the customer your waiting on. Never a dull moment, always something to be learned. Once you learn your customers your in like flenn.","Back up Supervisor","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 26, 2013","4.0"
6256,"this bank","The first 7 years of employment gave me everything that I needed in an employer. With the reconstruction the heart has been taken out of this bank. This has taken away my excitement and interest in my job.","Regional Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 26, 2013","5.0"
6257,"Excellent workplace","A typical day at work includes: reviewing daily reports, gathering data to track the progression of our new technology rollout for 14 branches, mentoring new tellers for our region, training staff members on our new banking system, formatting new spreadsheets and distributing them to the rest of our region, monitoring/setting sales goals, keeping files updated and ensuring compliance set by the bank and Loss Prevention sector.","Head Teller","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 25, 2013","5.0"
6258,"this bank takes pride in strengthening and enriching the communities.","Working in the corporate sector of the company, one would assume daily activities are routine since I am not working directly with the public. That could not be further from the truth. I could plan what I am going to do the next day, but one email can take me off track and even take up half of my days work. I do not mind it though. I love being busy and learning daily. That takes me to what I have learned about myself as an individual and an employee. I am very proactive and take initiative. I learned that I am one to pass the buck. The buck stops with me, if it gets to me. I am not afraid to admit when I am not familiar with anything because I know that the opportunity is there to learn and grow and I am willing to seize it. Management has to be approached on a person by person basis. It all boils down to personalities and how everybody meshes together. It is all about setting the expectations, boundaries. Based on my observation, management style in general is top down, but may not work for everybody. My co-workers for the most part are great to work with. We all are working towards the same goal personally and professionally. We have adapted the company's culture. Those who do not agree with the culture of the company tend not to last very long with the company and usually seek employment elsewhere. The hardest part of the job is working with so many personalities and satisfying everyone. The most enjoyable part is conquering the hardest part of the job by making it the easiest part of the job. At the end of the day, we are all human-beings are - more...","Regional Coordinator","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 25, 2013","4.0"
6259,"Customer Service"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. My typical day consisted of traveling to branches throughout the West Essex Region.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","September 24, 2013","5.0"
6260,"Great Management but some drawbacks","Depending on the schedule that was always changing based on having a staffing issue, some days I would open the branch but usually i would always close. My manager was fantastic but my supervisor had communication issues with explaining scheduling conflicts. My coworkers were a joy to work with and they really made the transition from one banking atmosphere to another very smooth. The hardest part of the job was being treated the way i was by my supervisor. She acted as if i was completely new to banking instead of acknowledging that i had been doing that job for 7 years. The most enjoyable part of the job was bonding with my coworkers and getting to know the customers so as to gauge their banking needs.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 23, 2013","4.0"
6261,"fun place to work","I worked for this company for a couple of years. It helped me get through school and still have me enough time to balance between other things. Co-workers and management are very nice and helpful. There is a lot of room to grow.","Service","Current Employee","Bordentown, NJ","September 23, 2013","5.0"
6262,"ETL Developer","• Extensively used ETL to load data from Flat Files, XML, Oracle to Oracle 9i. • Involved in Designing of Data Modeling for the Data warehouse. Involved in Requirement Gathering and Business Analysis. • Developed data Mappings between source systems and warehouse components using Mapping Designer. • Implemented Slowly Changing Dimensions (Type 2: versions) to update the dimensional schema. • Worked on different types of transformations like source qualifier, expression, filter, aggregator, rank, update strategy, lookup, stored procedure, sequence generator, joiner, XML. • Involved in the performance tuning of the Informatica mappings and stored procedures and the sequel queries inside the source qualifier • Used Autosys to Schedule jobs/batches. • Involved in the Performance Tuning of Database and Informatica. Improved performance by identifying and rectifying the performance bottle necks. • Wrote PL/SQL Packages and Stored procedures to implement business rules and validations. • Responsibilities included validating business rules calculations against source data, communicating data gaps along with potential solutions to address gaps, and working with other business analyst to create source to target mappings. • Involved in Change Control process for the application by facilitating group meetings, one-on-one interview sessions and email correspondence with work stream owners to discuss the impact of Change Request on the project. • Ensured all artifacts complied with corporate SDLC Policies and guidelines. Prioritized outstanding defects and system problems, ensuring - more...","ETL Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 22, 2013","5.0"
6263,"Flexible hours","Have 13 branche 6 business bankers. High commissions. Have 13 sales executives that I mentor. Territory manager for 10 years","Team Leader - Central Jersey","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 22, 2013","5.0"
6264,"Laid back environment","Very good place to work and get your foot in the door for this career path","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Woburn, MA","September 21, 2013","5.0"
6265,"Banking World","A typical day at work is interacting with clients and making sure all their requests and transactions are met. Referrals and sales are a constant part of the day, recognizing opportunity and offering products accordingly I have learned about banking and all the laws and rules that come along with it The hardest part was learning all the policies and being capable of passing a bank audit with one on one questions on policies The management has taught me what it takes to work as a team player and allow for success. Most enjoyable part of the job is the interaction with the clients and all my co-workers.","Bank Teller","part time","Palm Harbor, FL","September 19, 2013","4.0"
6266,"An environment in which work was encouraged and fun.","All day interfacing with clients and prospects, selling investments and bank products. I opened checking, savings, certificates and mortgages for the bank I sold financial planning and investment products on the securities side of the bank. Hardest part of the job was defending my clients needs from management insistence that the most profitable for the bank products should be recommended. The most enjoyable part of the job was in resolvin the issues in my favor. Co-workers were bright, resourceful and congenial. I learned to assist customers and clients in resolving issues and creating satisfaction. I enjoyed all aspects of my work.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Punxsutawney, PA","September 18, 2013","2.0"
6267,"Very disheartening","I worked at this bank during the collapse of the mortgage industry. Their objective was not customer satisfaction, but rather it was solely about obtaining TARP money from the federal government by way of aquisition of bank N Bank.","Mortgage Officer","Former Employee","York, PA","September 18, 2013","2.0"
6268,"Usual day","• Assist clients with monthly billing details to increase customer knowledge. • Aid clients with the best possible solutions to increase customer satisfactio. • Adjust fees and keep accurate records. • Monitor client accounts for security breache • Toggle between screens to use banking software and operate phone system for speedy and accurate service","Credit Card Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 18, 2013","4.0"
6269,"Fun workplace","I loved working at the bank, Because I was trusted to handle a large amount of cash. I learned so many new things from working at the bank. I learned how to count money a different way, and also how to handle customers that didn't speak English.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 17, 2013","4.0"
6270,"Good working environment with strong leadership.","I worked specifically with the Fast Path team during my time at this bank Mortgage. This team was built to process loans at a faster rate than the current 90 day norm. I was in charge primarily of updating and verifying the hazard and flood insurance documents for potential loans. I reached out to insurance companies daily to receive updated documents which helped loans get to processing at a quick rate. My co-workers and I worked exceptionally hard and had fantastic results as the first group of Fast Path team members. The hardest part of the position at times was just waiting for the insurance carriers to send over the updated documents. Often many calls had to be placed to remind them to send the information over. But overall the job was extremely enjoyable. Especially on a day when you were able to tell the borrower everything was going smoothly. Having a good relationship with the borrower really help make it apparent you were helping someone out and made the job very enjoyable.","Fast Path Hazard Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2013","5.0"
6271,"Very good group to work for","Professional, the American express of Branch Banking. Job has benefits of personal recognition in community and the opportunity for advancement. Pay is better than most, but needs to be raised. Most educational experience I have had.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hockessin, DE","September 16, 2013","4.0"
6272,"Changing Bank Envoironment"," this bank is going through the hard times in banking just like every bank. As banking continues to evolve less people are necessary, in order to conduct the banks day to day business. Therefore, jobs that in the past were relationship building jobs have become sales jobs pushing widgets. I believe that the customer still can be helped but as Chase Bank became more sales driven the smaller banks followed suit."," this bank Baner","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","September 14, 2013","4.0"
6273,"This is a fun place to work","I really love this Job. I left only cause I knew I wouldn't want to make this a career.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 12, 2013","5.0"
6274,"Ok company","Ok company. The people are ok. There are 6 tellers 2 are full time and 4 are part time. There is never enough help. The training was easy and the system is easy to use","Teller","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","September 11, 2013","3.0"
6275,"Hard but okay to work","The time I started working at this bank, they were merging with the Mercantile Bank which I was working at and I stayed there and was hard and fun.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","September 10, 2013","3.0"
6276,"Great co-workers","Had great and friendly co-workers. The customers were also very nice and pleasent to work with. The company focus on sales more than anything else. The turnover is also horriable.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Hartselle, AL","September 7, 2013","3.0"
6277,"Absolutely LOVED this job","this was a great learning environment with management that genuinley cared acout you as a person and the growth of your career.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 6, 2013","5.0"
6278,"relaxed environment, enjoyable place to work","I was a part-time teller that eventually went to full-time. The pay wasn't that great but it was good place to work for a single mom with a small child.","Teller I","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","September 6, 2013","4.0"
6279,"Tellers are a 'dime a dozen.'","Highly stressful based on customer interaction, we must adhere to banking rules and often have to repeat the same thing to a customer. Working with large amounts of cash can be very stressful when out of balance I learned how to sell. This job was 90% sales 10% banking in terms of cashing checks and making deposits for customers. Management was very strict, often would talk on a weekly basis about sales levels and areas of self improvement Co-workers were all fairly young, willing to learn, but most of all, they needed to sell products as well in order to be recognized. The hardest part of my job was learning how to be assertive to customers who were shallow. I've had several instances in which I denied a customer funds from a check because of an expired drivers license and gotten called everything but my name. I was able to develop a system of which to talk to certain people. Those who understand finance I can carry on a professional conversation that uses bank terminology to land a sale and they would understand and accept the sale.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Carnegie, PA","September 5, 2013","5.0"
6280,"Good Guy Bank"," this bank has a strong sense of corporate responsibility and generally treats their people fairly. It does suffer from the problem most large banks do, that it is hard to get noticed and move up.","Multiple Positions","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2013","4.0"
6281,"start out job not a career","This is a good place to start out. Not a great place for a career.","Banking Teller Representative","Former Employee","Butler, PA","September 5, 2013","3.0"
6282,"productive and fun environment place to work","Good company to work for. Fun environment, Great value, Warm culture, career development, opportunity to grow","Branch Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 5, 2013","3.0"
6283,"Customer Friendly","responding to inbound calls, high call volume, organizational skills, etc...","CSR III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 4, 2013","2.0"
6284,"Overall Great Company","Corporately strong, amazing company to work for. Micromanaging atmosphere not a plus. The most enjoyable part of the job is the client interactions; being able to meet and exceed a clients financial goals.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","KY","August 30, 2013","5.0"
6285,"Good Company","A very relaxing atmosphere to work with. Everybody gets along with each other, people are ready to work and teach you whatever you don't know. Hardest part is EOM you cannot leave till all project are taken care off","Quality Assurance Tester","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 30, 2013","3.0"
6286,"Team player theme with sales and profitability goals.","Interact with customers processing transactions and identifying additional needs to refer to other lines of business.","Customer Service Associate II","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","August 30, 2013","3.0"
6287,"Pay"," this bank does NOT like to pay their employees. Management is unethical and dishonest. They support PBS children's programming but won't pay their employees, whom most have children (major contradiction). They employee underwriters, who are 'untouchable'....they will not communicate with you and their processors have poor communication skills and most of my clients complained about the processors they were assigned to. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!","Loan Consultant","Current Employee","Somewhere in the USA","August 30, 2013","1.0"
6288,"Productive, and fun workplace","Good managers, open to suggestions. Typical day at work, reviewing reports for new incoming files, updating Loan officers, and market managers on status of files. Hardest part would be the end of the month. Most enjoyable is when customers are happy.","Consumer Direct Loan Officer","Current Employee","Westchester, IL","August 30, 2013","4.0"
6289,"Ok"," this bank is a great place to be if you work in one of the faster branches. If you find yourself in a slow paced branch you will want to tear out your own hair. You'll be lucky to see 5 people a day in the branch, and still be expected to meet all sales goals (which are you uniform across the this bank market no matter how busy or not busy you are). Expected to make 20 cold calls calls a day.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Grand Ledge, MI","August 30, 2013","4.0"
6290,"Good learning experience, but pay is low compared to work","- upper management is organized but now on the low levels. - great co-worker - hardest part is going into the aisles to find clients","Financial Associate","Current Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","August 29, 2013","4.0"
6291,"this bank must hate their employees."," this bank is forcing all their employees to a high deductible insurance plan starting in 2014. The wages are the lowest in the industry. Market goals are unreachable and even though personal and branch goals are meet, still forced to work late and extra saturdays. All management does is mirco-manage, along with unfair policies that only turn co-workers against each other. Changing pay structure to allow new employees to the bank at a higher pay rate than current employees. No advancement from within.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Michigan","August 29, 2013","1.0"
6292,"Productive and fun workplace.","Responsible for providing great costumer service to the clients while multi-tasking transactions to meet costumer needs. I learned to be patience, friendly, good listener, understanding and to always smile. Great place to work with a friendly environment. The hardest part of the job is not making the client happy while protecting company assets. The most enjoyable part of the job is making the client happy and satisfied.","Teller","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","August 29, 2013","5.0"
6293,"this bank","Compensation - fair. BenefitsCulture - fair. ValuesJob Security - needs improvemment. AdvancementManagement - needs inprovement. Work / Life Balance - fair","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 28, 2013","5.0"
6294,"quality work environment","Small business banking. Customer service and sales. Team Lead. Retention Specialist","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","August 27, 2013","4.0"
6295,"Great company","An essential part of an organization that is committed to helping customers and employees reach their goals. Values diversity and cares about social responsibility.","Senior Fiduciary Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","August 27, 2013","4.0"
6296,"Good place to work"," this bank offer a large spectrum of training and knowledge enhancement.","Auditor","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 27, 2013","5.0"
6297,"Loved working at this bank","I was a AVP in the Business Banking Group. Unfortunately when this bank bought bank N I was 1 of 6,000 let go. Management encourages healthy work/life balance. They value their workers and the bank is run the right way.","Assistant Vice President Business Banking","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2013","5.0"
6298,"Moving in the right direction","Changes in upper management will bring new ideas and upgrades that are needed.","Technical Project Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","August 26, 2013","4.0"
6299,"Workplace with great concern for employees' happiness"," this bank has been a wonderful employer and I do not want to leave the company or my team of employees but there are no careers available for me in this area that allow me to use my degrees, knowledge, experience, and drive to my full potential.","Teller Supervisor II","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","August 25, 2013","5.0"
