300,"A lot of changes ","Took away incentives and stuck me with a fix salary that was way less than I was making with my incentives a lot of stress when covid came about you pretty much wa fed to the wolves with the work load . And force to take calls from other departments . ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","August 22, 2021","5.0"
301,"Very sad I joined","I joined this bank out of compulsion. Though they talk about vision and value. It is all about this bank and their benefits. They don't care about their customers or their employees. very shallow and self centered company. at least that is what I faced working at Morrow Ga Facility. Nor company Nor their employees are friendly. They mean business but how they work on it is amazing. Team Sucks, Team Playing is 3 out 10. They are ready to throw you under the bus any day anytime. Privacy of customers or employee is not protected by any means. Employees talking to customers or other employees about account or customer info in the lobby or in drive thru is open and loud in the branch. other can hear and know lot of personal info about other clients and finances and funds or situation thru out the lobby. Not sure weather your private info is protected at all. Anyway I m glad to be out of there.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Morrow, GA","August 22, 2021","2.0"
302,"Great place to work and gain experience in the banking field","It was a great location and the job was nice with great life and work balance.The job is not hard and it requires to have a solid understanding of what is customer service as that is your main responsibility.","Teller","Former Employee","Florida","August 22, 2021","3.0"
303,"Overall would highly recommend! "," this bank as a whole is a very great company to work for. It does have a sales culture, but management is very good at training you to perform in your role. It has taught me tricks of the trade that I value and have carried out to other business ventures. ","customer Service","Former Employee","Cheboygan, MI","August 20, 2021","5.0"
304,"Inclusion and Great Management","Great management; if you show that you are of value and contribute to your team then management will ensure you are having the best work life possible","Crew Member","Current Employee","Maryland","August 19, 2021","5.0"
305,"Good short term option","From when I started, to when I left, almost every employee was looking for a new job, applying to different positions, or just actually leaving. The turn over is unlike anything I've ever seen. The workplace is extremely toxic and it is soul killing. I will say that this position may be okay short term, but working here any longer than that is not a good choice. ","Consumer Lending Services Default","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 19, 2021","3.0"
306,"productive workplace","typical mortgage calls, learned new skills, culture is very rewarding, hardest part of the job....there isn't one. its an easy job, you're home which is the best ","Mortgage Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 19, 2021","5.0"
307,"Not the Bank for career moves","Every morning, I'd wake up and dread coming to work when I was an RRT. You never know which branch you'd go to for the day. Sales goals were attainable, but it is a 'what have you done for me lately' environment so things did not matter from yesterday. Not much in terms of PTO, lower side of 401(k) employer match, and even worse pay. Bonus structure was alright, but if you don't hit a specific threshold, then you could forget about any bonus. Immediate Branch Management was ok, they picked favorites, but would not really play favoritism. Upper Management is trash and would not care if you got hit by a car, just as long as you hit your goals to so they could pack their bank accounts. Covid made things worse branch employees, no raises, and if we had symptoms we were forced to use our own time to stay home, which is not really fair. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Cedar Grove, NJ","August 18, 2021","2.0"
308,"Opportunities for advancement are great, Pay... not so much. "," this bank is an okay company to work for. If you are looking to learn the basics of banking, it is a good place to start. However, the upper management shows little regard for employees well-being. 401k match is 4 percent which is nice. 3 weeks vacation time and 5 sick day per year plus federal holidays off. That being said, the hourly wage at this bank is lower than most every other bank. Minimum wage here is $15.00 an hour VS the competitors starting at $18.00. The commission structure for the bankers is difficult to understand and does not pay out well even when exceeding goals. They took away commission opportunities for tellers which has negatively impacted the moral. Also, this bank likes to change their technology frequently which is stressful for the employees. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Kalamazoo County, MI","August 18, 2021","1.0"
309,"Very stressful job with terrible schedule","Typical day at work will be answering calls and talking with a lot of irate customer. Some of them are very rude and use profanity. The job is very stressful and underpaid. The hardest part is when you need help or you have escalation on the line, no one will help you even your manager.","CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT REPRESENTATIVE this bank","Current Employee","Remote","August 16, 2021","3.0"
310,"workplace culture","I loved my Job in Recovery. But the bank decided that we needed to collect on any account in recovery. So they gave us old Home loans that were charged off for years. this bank gave us one hour training to learn a new system to collect the payments on. The system wasn't communicating correctly with other systems. We were also dealing with lawyers calling in asking about these accounts. So it was a big mess. We were put on live calls fumbling our way through trying to please the customers and lawyers calling in. We were advised to take messages and someone would call them back with the information you are requesting or an answer to your question. No one called them back so we would get another call from the lawyer or customer fuming as no one has gotten back with them. Horrible stressful work environment. After dealing with this mess I left the bank after working there for 13 years. We got paid incentive for the dollars we collected on but if you were doing your job correctly and helping customers. You were on the bottom of collection $$ because you spent your day dealing with calls. It was pitting all employees against each other and not helpful to any this bank customer. Best thing I did was leave the company.","Recovery Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 16, 2021","2.0"
311,"Sucks working here ","Poor pay for so much workManagement needs to be trained ,terrible management Micro managedNeed to replace with new and proper efficient management Bathroom time is micro managed Hostile environmentCompensation sucks ","Lockbox Processor","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","August 14, 2021","1.0"
312,"Bad working experience","Poor everything regarding management and pay. Management is poor and CEO don't care. Send a note to Corporate and no response of working environment. I worked here for sixteen years.","Lockbox Clerk","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","August 14, 2021","1.0"
313,"Good Company","They are accommodating and encourage growth. PTO was nice. Bank holidays. Worked in branch and then transferred to remote and it was like working for a different company as far as HR things go. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","August 12, 2021","4.0"
314,"Management was horrible","I would never repeat my experience there again. Management was horrible and the stress placed on the employee is real bad. They will threaten you if you don't do as they say.","Private Client Group","Former Employee","Freehold, NJ","August 11, 2021","3.0"
315,"Poor management. ","Untrustworthy management and coworkers. Poor leadership. Very little training. Low pay in comparison for industry. Unrealistic sales goals. No corporation from branch. ","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Ashland, OH","August 11, 2021","3.0"
316,"You will never get a raise and your job is never safe","The title sums it up- don't expect a raise and don't ever assume that your position is safe. I was there for two years and was considered an expert on every one of our complex processes, yet I still was not deemed eligible for a merit increase due to the impossible QR standards. A few months later, 30% of my department's processes were automated, leaving a great deal less work to spread around. Rather than look to diversify the department's workload to other projects and tasks, the department was downsized one person at a time. The incapable, shady management does not care about their employees. Do not work here. ","Overdraft Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 10, 2021","1.0"
317,"Front Line Workers Get No Recognition "," Meetings that are really focus on the manager and bankers meeting there goals, never any conversations that help build teller engagement. Yet tellers get the bad end of the stick with incentives being taking away and being short staff they make it seem like we are not doing our jobs because we cant have the conversations the way they would like us to, do to long lines and customers being impatience. Management is very contradicting when it come to your schedule and vacation time approval. No one is promise tomorrow yet the end of the year. Yet that want you to give them yo vacation time by end of January like year hasn't even started for time to see what's going on in spring, winter, and fall to enjoy. When you try to ask to rearrange things because of an event you may want to take time off for it's an issue. I can say the only thing I will take from this employment is the finical education I have gain and has help me out a lot in my personal life to learn and understand how money works in different ways.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 9, 2021","1.0"
318,"this bank Doesn't Care","Really high metrics to meet.Team Leads and mentors don't know answers or care to find out.Team Leads and Mentors constantly changing and 'going on vacation' during periods when you need them most.You have to train your body to use the bathroom during your breaks or you'll get yelled at.Handle time and adherence is shoved down your throat, they don't take any excuses for whatever reason for not meeting these metrics.Get used to being on the phone CONSTANTLY, there is no time to breath, you will hate being on the phone after this job.","Customer Care Center Representative","Current Employee","Remote","August 9, 2021","1.0"
319,"Even pay, lack of career growth.","Even pay, lack of career growth. Employed since 2018. Handled pandemic fairly while still keeping employees at work. Not much room to grow a career at this time.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 9, 2021","4.0"
320,"Just don't apply","If you value career advancement, a healthy work life balance and a safe environment during a global pandemic this is not the company for you. The company is solely out for themselves no benefit at all to the frontline employees ","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 8, 2021","1.0"
321,"Great work environment "," this bank is a wonderful place to work. They care about all of their employees and clients on the same level. The team that they have around you is more of a family environment making it a joy to work. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 8, 2021","5.0"
322,"It is ok","The CEO is political which I think is unprofessional. He states his opinion as fact even though he is wrong. My direct supervisor is awesome and makes the job bearable. The sales compensation is pretty good which is one of the few perks you can enjoy if you can handle the sales pressure that is. ","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Tucson, AZ","August 6, 2021","1.0"
323,"Family oriented company","I love this bank. Even thought this bank is a big financial institution, the company is still very family oriented. The company still care for the employees and employees quality life. this bank is a safe and secure place to work. I truly love my this bank!! ","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Palisades Park, NJ","August 6, 2021","5.0"
324,"Work Environment"," this bank provides an inclusive and exciting work environment. They offer many opportunities for growth within the company. They do not pay fair wages for their hardest and most loyal workers. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","August 5, 2021","3.0"
325,"an ok place to work"," this bank has multiple places you can be. right now in my position as a universal branch banker. I deal with different cliental, with different situation but it is still a same each day every day. everyone will tell you that its a different thing each day, that is untrue. I work six days a week every week since I have been hired at this new position. I have to completely block out dates to get those days off or even get a two day weekend, when I have been told it would only be like that two to three weeks out of the month. promises here at this bank are rarely kept. expectations are too high on lower employees, but it's a great place to work when your a single mother or a newly graduated out of high school. pay is good for the moment but its really nothing you can live on these days comfortably. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Bridgeton, MO","August 5, 2021","3.0"
326,"Good Company","Good inclusive company to work for. Plenty of room for economic mobility if you apply yourself. Lots of diversity and inclusions groups available to join","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 4, 2021","5.0"
327,"Great place to work","It's a great place to work. Great benefits. One of few companies to still offer a pension. If you're willing to put in the work, your bonuses can be significant.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","August 4, 2021","5.0"
328,"Okay Place to Work"," this bank is very sales oriented. Management differs from location but its the higher management that brings down the stress onto the employees. The system is very old as well (not user friendly and do not be surprised when it crashes). Be ready to make outbound calls to the same people over and over again to sell them credit cards, checking accounts, etc. and most do not reply. this bank has pretty good benefits but not the best out there. There are some good workers there but there are others that are bad like in other places. Pay for the work is low in my opinion. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Virginia","August 3, 2021","3.0"
329,"Not known in texas","It was a good effort by middle management but the goals were unattainable due to lack of communication , underwriting was not on same page as employees , cannot meet goals with UW delays ","Market Manager AVP","Former Employee","Texas City, TX","August 3, 2021","3.0"
330,"Fine atmosphere but retail banking is severely underpaid ","As a Financial Sales Consultant I was very under compensated and the tellers were even more under paid. Huge company so easily lost in the woodwork. I worked with some good people there and they provided training but overall you are not appreciated.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 3, 2021","3.0"
331,"run","training is far and near tbh. management is all new and not capable of training new hires. HR request are even slower. The center are all lacking business so it is impossible to learn and grown ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 3, 2021","1.0"
332,"Average","It is a decent job overall. Not particularly easy or hard, but the training for my role was very thorough. Volume and frequent policy changes can be challenging. Loan processing software not very user friendly. Good work/life balance with remote hours. Would have stayed longer but it was time to move on.","Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2021","3.0"
333,"too big"," this bank has gotten too big. The culture is pleasant. The benefits are good, but the compensation is bad. this bank seems more dedicated to being social justice warriors than it is to its employees. ","Compliance Program Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 1, 2021","3.0"
334,"This is not a fun place to work, you cannot make a mistake. ","You are processing Retirement plans a person's future is in your control. Their is no room for error. I did not enjoy working there. If you are new, you get assigned the most difficult plans to work on because the experienced people will not work on those plans.","Benefit Analyst/Record-keeper","Former Employee","Richmond, VA","July 31, 2021","2.0"
335,"Extremely depressing, impossible quotas to meet","This position is VERY sales oriented. At no point in the recruitment process was I informed that this position would be so sales focused. 65% of customers are awful, the rest are fine or they are old and mentally unstable and you never know how they will treat you. Systems are E X T R E M E L Y outdated and very hard to get a hang of. Upper management are all disingenuous corporate robots on a race to the top. Products are mediocre and it is not in the customer's best interest to use any of them, yet you have to keep peddling them. Be prepared to make outbound calls to current customers, most of which will not answer nor will they be interested in speaking to you if they do answer. There is no culture here. The hardest part of the job is dealing with the horrible customers, and having to move extremely quickly for them on your awful system in order to keep them happy. (They will be angry regardless). The only enjoyable part of this job is speaking with normal customers and meeting new people, but after the abundance of negative experiences I've had I've learned to walk on eggshells with the customers.","Banker","Current Employee","North East, PA","July 30, 2021","2.0"
336,"Work from home opportunities ","After covid hit it is now work from home which was a plus. Job is stressful dealing with people upset a lot wish there was more time off the phone. Breaks are nice and vacation and maternity leave","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2021","4.0"
337,"Just OK","It is a solid place to work for those just starting out, it can be tense as there are layoffs that occur semi-regularly, other than that its pleasant to work there day to day.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 28, 2021","3.0"
338,"Solid bank with poor leadership at the local level","Well respected bank where you can learn a lot. They recently acquired bank B so in theory that should create more opportunity for advancement. The problem is that it's difficult to advance even as a top performer unless you get into the right circles. Some play the internal networking game better than others and are able to advance their careers without merit","Branch Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 27, 2021","2.0"
339,"Good job for people in different seasons","This was a great entry level job to get your foot in the door. However it is production based and schedules differ. Part time was great for someone finishing school, wanted time home with kids, or riding out until or during retirement. Really enjoyed this department and the people but unfortunately our remote location was laid off but many were able to find new jobs within the company. Looks like they may be opening positions after letting us go which is unsettling to see but good position if you're interested.","Lockbox Processor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 27, 2021","4.0"
340,"Co workers are awesome but job is ok","Love the people I work with. We try to make the best of each day but sometimes you just can't enjoy it. Bank is old and charge so many fees to their customers.","Teller II","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 25, 2021","3.0"
341,"The bad. Senior management .","Senior management only concerned about the bottom line. They treat employees as a cost item and had no problem cutting whole departments to improve EPS. I did very little while I was there. Most days I was in my office looking for busy work until the end of the day. ","Senior Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","July 25, 2021","2.0"
342,"Stressful","The job is very demanding, with large asks of employees on weekly deadlines. The work is performance based (lots of metrics used to gauge performance), so any mishaps can be very discouraging.","AML Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","July 24, 2021","3.0"
343,"Branch support hotline specialist ","I have worked at this bank within different position but this by far is the most challenging. It a a very strict call center environment with calls non-stop which means bathroom breaks are limited to two 15 minutes and only a 30 minute lunch. As stressful as this position is due to branch employees rude outbursts more is needed. Vacation time is given but VERY hard to accommodate as you only get what's available per the vacation schedule for the entire department. ","Internal Support Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","July 23, 2021","4.0"
344,"Love the people I work with ","The only thing truly keeping me is the people I work with. There are great benefits like 401k match and pension, we used to get referral incentives but those have been taken away, it made making referrals fun and exciting because it was something to work for.","Teller Full Time","Current Employee","Michigan","July 22, 2021","4.0"
345,"Stressful","Very stressful, back to back phone calls, and working weekends. I could not handle the high stress call center environment and I had to resign. Two years working there and I could not take it anymore.","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","July 21, 2021","5.0"
346,"Just No.","Management picks favorites and runs with that. Forget about advancement. Toxic work environment. This place was the reason I quit banking altogether and would never go back.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Cary, NC 27513","July 21, 2021","2.0"
347,"Very good place to work","I have enjoyed working here for the most part. I have had great managers and have had a lot of room to grow. I have heard many people talk about the management but I have never had a bad experience. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 20, 2021","4.0"
348,"After working there over 12 years, I was let go after a medical disability leave.","Wonderful experience the first ten years working there. Then my management changed. The next boss was nonexistent as a manager; never treated me kindly or fairly. Then my job was 'eliminated' and I found an opening in another department. That department was not a good fit and had a different culture than what I was used to. I then had a medical condition arise quite suddenly, and was on LTD for a while. After being released, I was given a specific amount of time to find another internal position - at the ONSET of Covid spreading all over the country. There were no internal jobs posted for my experience level or office position, so I was let go after the number of days allotted for me to obtain a new job. I once loved working there, was proud of my employer and worked my butt off on many nights & weekends to meet deadlines, I had fantastic bosses (except the last one) and was very disappointed at not being able to continue my employment. Other than that, good company.","Several Positions","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 20, 2021","3.0"
349,"Its alright","If you want a personal life don't work at a branch in a grocery store. the hours are long and short lunches. Im still considered new but Im already looking to move to a different branch","Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","July 19, 2021","4.0"
