200,"Exciting job ","Pro: financial education development and learning about the ins and out of financial institutionsCon: not much growth in terms of in branch services but I'm sure there are more opportunities at bank level ","Banker","Former Employee","East Windsor, NJ","December 8, 2021","5.0"
201,"this bank is overrated "," this bank doesn't care about Pittsburgh anymore. The only reason they have raised their pay rates is because of Chase and Bank of America moving into the area. They don't care about your work life balance. ","CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 8, 2021","3.0"
202,"working here is okay","The pay is okay if you are taking care of just yourself. Mangers are kind and supportive. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone who hates when customers curse you out because they do that a lot at this bank (everyone thinks because they have a few thousand dollars in there account they are important). But if you learn to just tune everyone out and focus on doing your job right, its pretty much okay.","Teller","Current Employee","Wesley Chapel, FL","December 7, 2021","4.0"
203,"Employee focused","I love working here. The culture is great and the pay is good. Great benefits including a company funded retirement. Very supportive management and a good training program. ","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 6, 2021","5.0"
204,"Was a good job, but very focused on numbers. ","My direct manager was very focused on numbers. Every morning she would call out the person who preformed the worst the day before. Part time employees had to work every Saturday.. Would not allow us to trade if we needed a Saturday off, had to use PTO.","TELLER","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 6, 2021","4.0"
205,"Okay Bank to work For","It's an okay bank to work for, the pay and the benefits are great. But you have to make 40-60 dials per day, every single day. And it's hard when you have other things going on. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Greenville, NC","November 30, 2021","3.0"
206,"Stressful but ok","Management was great but hard to get promoted callers screamed at you but I did love working at home. Hard to get different hours once you were in your set schedule ","Business Banker","Former Employee","Remote","November 29, 2021","3.0"
207,"Its a good start into Banking","I wouldn't plan on spending more than 3 years at the branch. It's a great environment to learn more about banking and the banking industry as a whole if you have never worked in banking. You have some okay, normal benefits. The only good thing is the pension you get vested into when you reach 3 years of working for this bank. However, that's where it stops. They are on the low end of the salary pool and even if you get promoted twice with the company in 3 years, you'll always be making less of a salary of those in the same position in your area with any competitor.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 29, 2021","3.0"
208,"Do not apply here.","Do not apply with these people, they lie about the compensation, about the job and everything else. It was like working in a 3rd world nation. Run away from this place if you can.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Strasburg, PA","November 29, 2021","1.0"
209,"A great IT dept","I am dissatisfied with my role at this bank, but that is in no way a reflection of the organization. It is really just a boring job, and I should not have accepted it. It is a great department and very supportive. Just a bad fit personally for my role. I would gladly accept another more interesting position in this company and/or department.","Systems Integrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 29, 2021","4.0"
210,"Productive work environment ","Easy advancement ,excellent training opportunities. Great atmosphere! Team work is incredible! Easy access to all resources needed. Job is amazing! Recommend!","Card Services Representative","Current Employee","Work from home","November 28, 2021","5.0"
211,"People are great, benefits okay, actual job is a trial","I will say that the other people working here are generally really nice and helpful. Management is super supportive. Absolutely no complaints there. The insurance only offers high deductibles, which sucks if you have a chronic condition. The actual job is very emotionally draining. Being on the phone all day with people having the worst days of their lives and not really being able to do much is just awful.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","November 26, 2021","3.0"
212,"Amazing ","i love working in this bank but they push a lot in sales, if you are not a sales person this is not the right work for you, salary at first is nee but the rise is amazing ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Kearny, NJ","November 23, 2021","5.0"
213,"Horrible","My manager resigned 1 month into this role if that vtrr ed lols you anything. Too many outdated systems. Horrible loan pricing. No accountability from management. Hostile work environment. ","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Saint Louis County, MO","November 22, 2021","1.0"
214,"Employee engagement is trending in the wrong direction","This used to be a great place to work. Now, it's good. Compensation is below the market, the benefits are okay, but employee appreciation has lessened. Free this bank polos, sweatshirts, etc. for Employee Appreciation Week have been replaced with online word find games, they've cut the extra week of vacation employees used to be able to buy, small things like that. There's also emphasis on growing the company while shrinking the staff - more off-shoring and pushing people out. But it's hard to get fired for performance, so the low performers tend to stay forever while the best and brightest continue to leave. Teams are becoming more segmented, so the old career pathing is largely gone, it's become harder to move around in the company.","Retail Lending Operational Risk Management","Current Employee","Remote","November 20, 2021","3.0"
215,"Change is inevitable ","They change and expect the same of employees. Management expectations are high. this bank pays good, however they do not concentrate on employees development ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 19, 2021","2.0"
216,"High sales pressure & favoritism ","Very stressful atmosphere, sales pressure. The pay was great but not worth the stress. High deductible health plan was a little difficult with being a single parent.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant III","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","November 19, 2021","3.0"
217,"Good starter job to get work experience","enjoyed co-workers. Training program was well organized. Not the best advancement opportunities. Didn't always do the job I signed up for. Sometimes short staffed.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","November 16, 2021","3.0"
218,"Poor management. ","Management kept rotating so often nobody knew nobody. That would also mean that there was nobody there to attest to your hard work which would in the long run hinder your growth opportunities. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Wayne, PA","November 16, 2021","1.0"
219,"What else to say..working frontline for a bank : very low pay and lots of pressure","Frontline worker in a bank - of course Working for low pay, and lots of pressure to up-sell, i did not fall for their up-sell pressure to my customers who, many were nice people but i could see they struggle financially, so why would i follow what the bank says, and sell to these people even more debt they cannot afford. So, I didn't do what bank told me, and avoided up-selling as much as i could. There you go","Confidential - Front line","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 14, 2021","3.0"
220,"I would not recommend","I work for this bank as a customer service rep. Very long work hours taking calls back to back. I am very familiar with the call center environment and know this is to be expected but management is down your throat every step of the way. It is such a toxic atmosphere. The only perks are you get to do this from the comfort of your home.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","November 13, 2021","2.0"
221,"Met some great people","My Branch Mgr was great... But the Teller lead was horrible... No training.. Just threw me into it.. Would be little me in front of customers... Felt like i couldn't ask questions... couldn't take brakes... Hours were weird 6 days... But only worked 28 hrs","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lockport, IL","November 13, 2021","2.0"
222,"Good Internship Experience","This was my first technical experience, and it was give and take. I learned a lot about the workforce life and agile terms. But in terms of projects, they are not the most interesting.","Technology and Innovation Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2021","4.0"
223,"Good benefits and opportunities ","The benefits are good, plenty of opportunities across the US now due to acquisition. In comparison to other banks the salary could be more competitive.","Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 10, 2021","4.0"
224,"Ok ","Place was ok to work. We did teller and platform. Benefits were good. Bonus was really good. Had to deal with all sorts of customers and providing them products and services ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 9, 2021","5.0"
225,"Traveling RRT","They make you work 6 days a week, sometimes you're there from 8:45-6:15, absolutely insane. I was hired for the rrt position which required me to be teller and banker when needed. The virtual training was okay but then being in the branches you'd had to ask for help and sometimes other team members couldn't be bother, so would have to figure it on my own. A lot of the managers you'd meet can be very micromanage in sales. They expect you to throw a sales pitch at any client walking in. They push credit cards & loans application to clients but don't fully educate them. They also have a terrible metric system , if you are rated anything below 8, you'd have to take a class in customer service. Even if something was not your fault but is just how the client feels about youAs an rrt most of the time your manager will be the regional manager and they hardly care about you but leave it to a branch manager to give you feedback.Benefits are okay, some branches better than others, they need to stop the 6 day work week, overall a good bank if you want to get into banking. ","Regional Branch Banker Associate MLO","Former Employee","Illinois","November 9, 2021","3.0"
226,"Great management ","Caring and motivating managers who are invested in your career advancement. Flexibility to work from home. Can pivot to different groups with support of team if you aren't in love with your current role.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Texas","November 8, 2021","4.0"
227,"Fun and productive workplace "," this bank is a great company in terms of diversity. They present many opportunities for growth. Depending on the region/branch you work for, you may have very little work-life balance. When I first started, I worked overtime every week.","Lead Teller","Former Employee","White Marsh, MD","November 8, 2021","3.0"
228,"Overall employees are treated with respect, the pay is on the lower level ","Great company for someone that's trying to build a career, but not really for your experienced worker who expects to earn a more competitive salary compared to many other FS companies. ","Account Executive","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 5, 2021","5.0"
229,"Productive workplace","Coworkers were very helpful. Management made sure you were in a position to succeed. I enjoyed coming to work. The environment was very friendly and the locations was close to home.","Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 3, 2021","4.0"
230,"Don't believe what you are told","I was given a contract that was remote. The position was difficult to do because of us being remote. Training was very difficult. Time was monitored way to close which put more pressure on you and your job.","Help Desk Specialist II Remote","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 2, 2021","1.0"
231,"Terrible place. "," this bank became the worst place to work for in past few years. No recognition, no bonus. All they pushed for great customer service while having no staff to run the place. Pay was terrible with the amount of responsibility given. I am glad I left when I did. Wouldn't recommend the company to anyone let alone my friends or family. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","USA","November 2, 2021","1.0"
232,"N/a"," this bank has great benefits, the compensation isn't really great. You have a great work life balance. There isn't B really much room for growth. I did enjoy working with my coworkers, they were all pretty nice. You could use it as a stepping stone. The work wasn't very complicated & the manager is super nice. Overall this bank was a great experience for me. ","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 1, 2021","5.0"
233,"Not For Me","The training was promising, the person who did the virtual training was nice, was a good start. Once I got into the branch it was constant stress for laughably low pay. All the managers knew how to do was micromanage and stress you out. Also a lot of conflicting statements such as 'answer the phone' and then at another point if you answered the phone you would get in trouble. Or 'don't be afraid to ask questions!' then you'd ask a question and you'd get the equivalent of 'Google it.' Then you'd get docked for not being quick enough despite being new and having a question and having to look up the answer yourself through a large ' this bank Edge' article which takes a considerable amount of time. I felt as I was absolutely set up to fail here, was not worth the stress, not worth the pay, and not worth having to work mostly 10 hour days. ","Teller","Former Employee","United States","October 31, 2021","2.0"
234,"Productive and fun workplace","I absolutely loved working for this company. I made the mistake of leaving because I thought I wanted to work in the medical field. Unfortunately that backfired and now I'm trying to claw my way back into the business world. ","Teller","Former Employee","Greenville, NC","October 30, 2021","5.0"
235,"Good work-life balance, good people, decent work","Obviously a lot depends on your specific team/manager, but for the most part the people are pretty friendly, the work-life balance is either decent or good most of the time. Pay/benefits is ok but not amazing by any means. You learn a lot from some very smart people.","Quantitative Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2021","4.0"
236,"Competitive Salary and Benefits","Great pay , opportunity for growth. Great Benefits. Easy going work environment. Professional work environment , great colleagues, management is supportive.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Bedminster, NJ","October 27, 2021","4.0"
237,"Good and bad","I am a long-time employee so I've seen the good and the bad from this company. Senior management tends to be heavily skewed to one particular demographic and it becomes apparent any time there's a change broached, such as updating WFH policies (although the pandemic has changed some of that). Insurance options stink and you have to fight for every raise you get. Management would rather give one-time performance bonuses rather than a meaningful salary increase. It is embarrassing to work for a company that pulls in billions in profit every year and then I have to tell my staff they're getting a 1.2% raise.That being said, some managers (particularly the younger ones) are excellent and understand the value of providing employees the space to do their jobs without micromanaging. The company has made a huge push to increase D&I conversations and is making meaningful investments in the community.","Risk Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2021","3.0"
238,"I have had a wonderful experience so far"," this bank has given me the opportunity to grow as an individual in my career and I have learned so much about myself as a leader. Lower management has been top tier great and the teams I have got to work with make it even better. You can't beat the vacation and benefits here at this bank. ","Business banking assistant branch manager","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","October 23, 2021","4.0"
239,"Political cowards - I thought this bank was different, got Duped","PEOPLE ARE LEAVING THE COMPANY IN WAVES, NOT A STABLE PLACE TO WORK!! STAY AWAY! I know it's long but please read it all.I would like to point out that I am a minority and fit in the POC category who tries to show everyone with respect and promote inclusive behaviors that are appropriate for the workplace. this bank does not hold those values and I feel I must speak up.When I started working here I had never felt so confident about a company, but since COVID and the political tension of the past year or so, this company has really shown it's true colors and unfortunately it isn't a environment that is comfortable for all. Which is why so many people are leaving. They want you to think they are growing with this new bank B merger but they are constantly closing and consolidating branches, loosing employees, and falling short on sales goals across multiple markets... so let's list some things they don't want you to know.*There is NO work life balance. Several college students or young mothers have quit for this very reason. Hours have been extended during the week and weekend hours. under-staffing (a common theme here, sorry) has put a great strain on branches, Over-Time has not been approved so with extended hours we have to shave even more time off of our schedules which leaves the under-staffed that much more strained. Our customers also do not care for the new hours as they regularly are upset with us Saturday mornings as they have been waiting an hour for us to open and people really don't come after 12 on Saturdays or 5 during the week and most days after 4 it is dead. Some - more...","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","October 23, 2021","2.0"
240,"Fun & relaxed workplace but not good competitive compensation ","Good company to retire, good benefits and work life balance and job is secured, socialist approach..Can consider employee pay and growth as a company.","Software Developer Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2021","4.0"
241,"Caring management","Management is easy to talk to and are supportive of staff career and development. The company is growing so career opportunities will increase. this bank is one of the best employers ive had.","Line of Business Risk Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2021","5.0"
242,"Awful management","The worst place I have worked at! The gave ampule time to do the training but they barely did any training. Then once I got to the branch, I was expected to know everything without any help. Management was a joke and will never bank or work there again. ","Retail Banker","Former Employee","Washington Court House, OH","October 22, 2021","1.0"
243,"Ok place to work ","They will train you there's a lot of places for you to get help if you don't know something but the pay is low. Advancing into a new position is pretty easy, after one year you speak with your manager about your goals ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","October 22, 2021","4.0"
244,"Terrible ","Don't waste your time. No raises. No promotions. Managers are terrible, all they do is go out for lunch and leave early. Coworkers get away with doing nothing and get paid more. Seriously, terrible company.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Wisconsin","October 20, 2021","1.0"
245,"This company only cares about it's stupid numbers on their reports do not care about the people that work at branches","Do not give you tools that work for you to be able to your job. This place is a joke. Absolutely no work/life balance at all. Now have to work 6 days a week","Teller","Former Employee","West Bend, WI","October 19, 2021","1.0"
246,"Strong, Inclusive Culture","I'm impressed with the continued opportunity for growth inside the company. Management seem to always be willing to guide toward goals and professional development that will allow for advancement.","Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","October 19, 2021","4.0"
247,"Unfortunate Management at my site","The job itself was not bad. However my manager promoted me without training me and would call out often, leaving me as the only banker with no support and very little understanding of what was expected of me. It was highly stressful and difficult. Then I would be reprimanded for my mistakes and that was the only time management would talk to me, even though I had many questions that I asked for help with.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","October 18, 2021","3.0"
248,"Shart on staffing. Employees are expected to work short staffed most of the rime.","Micro management. Staffing issues. Expectations of management can not be met due to staffing issues. Benefits could be better. Experience in banking does not see to matter in internal job transfer requests.","Branch personnel","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 17, 2021","3.0"
249,"Good company, transparent ","-fair to employees- needs to update some technology very tedious tech- frontline management pushes for results but does nothing to draw business-you get pushed a lot to share leads with other employees in the branch","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Illinois","October 15, 2021","3.0"
