"Good company poor local management"," this bank is a really great company, but the management in the Central Ohio area for retail banking is awful. Management seems to drive away top talent due to unnecessary micro management. Very challenging to get a salary increase even if you are a top producer.","AVP","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","February 15, 2014","3.0"
"Productive and Positive workplace","Learned so much and was able to meet goals, so many opportunities for moving around to other job areas.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 14, 2014","5.0"
"Fun and relaxed work place where everyone gets along and you all feel like equals."," this bank is a great place to work for they really care about their employees and it has a family atmosphere. I learned a lot about banking and how to assist customers. I got along with all of my co-workers and I really enjoyed it when we were busy because I prefer to be busy rather then slow. Hardest part about my job was trying to keep up with all the banks changes.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","February 14, 2014","4.0"
"Sales position. Have to sell.","Sales and service. Financial products and services. Manage clients accounts.","FSC","Current Employee","NortherN VA","February 13, 2014","3.0"
"Exceed all expectation.","Exceed all expectation on job. A typical day's work begin with a quick start meeting. At this meeting , we set the daily and weekly goals. We brainstorm on new strategies to incorporate in our desire to achieve success. Team involvement is a big part of our success as every team member plays a significant role in getting our goal accomplish. I have learn to listen, lead and take initiative in solving problems. I strive to provide extraordinary services to all of our customer base so as to build a stronger relationship and expand our growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 13, 2014","5.0"
"Customer oriented Workplace","If you can handle high customer traffic volume and enjoy sales then you will probably enjoy working for this bank.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hagerstown, MD","February 13, 2014","2.0"
" this bank","Mostly 8-5, Management tends to works long hours. Company does offer work from home for professional positions usually 2 days a week. Most co-workers are nice, but are under a lot of pressure, because of banking regulations. The building has an onsite cafeteria with flat screen TV's. There are some offices, but most people are in cubicles.","Recruiter","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 13, 2014","3.0"
"Hope you don't plan on advancing","A typical day consists of being constantly reminded how many people in this world have no clue how to manage their money and that you are solely responsible for anything negative on their accounts. Not all is bad, though, There is much to learn in the world of finance. Learning about CD's, IRA's, 529's, and much more is an exciting part of working in banking. The co-workers are great at the branch that I work at, however, everyday you hear about how much dysfunction there is at other branches.","Workplace champion","Current Employee","Erie, PA","February 12, 2014","3.0"
"A pleasant work place.","I used to work as the Part Time Teller there and then moved up the ranks as the Teller Supervisor. A huge part of my work was related to customer service, we used to have a constant flow of people always coming in and out. I had a wonderful supervisor who taught me how to do the work. The customer always comes first. As long as we do that part well, the rest just follows.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","February 12, 2014","4.0"
"Not a person, just a number","I worked for this bank for 4 years and worked my way from a part time teller to a teller supervisor. I loved my job and my customers but management made it impossible to do my best at my job. I was not given the proper training necessary and once it was announced that the teller sup position would be eliminated(universal branches) I was treated very poorly. Ultimately, I left because my immediate manager mentally and verbally abused me. I would not recommend this job to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pa","February 11, 2014","3.0"
"Financial Representative","Excellent work environment. The enjoyable part of the job was meeting prospective clients and helping them achieve their financial goals with the products and services you provide.","Sr. Relationship Banker - Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","February 10, 2014","5.0"
"Business Analyst","Attend meeting and write requirement for system. System Administration for the PMO software. Create reports of adoption and audit of PMO requirements.","Business Analyst II","Former Employee","Downers Grove IL","February 10, 2014","4.0"
"Wonderful company with great benefits","Great company to work for. Not an easy place to work for as a working mother.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","February 10, 2014","4.0"
"changes within the company","working with the customers and assisting them with their financial needs","Financial Sales Consultant I","Current Employee","wisconsin","February 9, 2014","4.0"
"Not Bad","Pay was decent, don't expect to advance in company though. Health benefits very expensive.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 7, 2014","4.0"
" this bank was pretty okay to work for","I worked in the production control department dealing with HAMP; which was Customer Advocacy before then, but that department got dismantled. My typical day I ordered credit reports, AVM's, broker's price opinions, conducted audits for treasury, monitored trial payments, released foreclosure holds, monitored seven and 30 day certifications for foreclosure and many other tasks I learned a lot from this bank actually. I never had any prior mortgage background so it taught me a lot about default, foreclosure and bankruptcy Management was pretty okay, I had an excellent manager at the time and it made working there a lot easier than most jobs I've held before My co-workers were the reason I left the company. this bank hires the most ridiculous people I've ever met. I've seen shouting matches in the middle of working, I've seen people threaten one another, physical fights almost break out, people filing complaints to HR and much more. It was probably the hardest part of the job, just dealing with them. Sometimes your hard work would go unnoticed, probably another difficult thing to deal with The most enjoyable part about the job was actually saving someones home. Knowing you're helping families really makes what you do more enjoyable.","Program Support Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 6, 2014","4.0"
"The people make the company. Great Culture."," this bank was a great place to work. The culture of the bank is what makes day to day success not just a possibility but a reality. There is always support there from management if you need it.","Manager","Former Employee","Elmhurst, IL","February 5, 2014","4.0"
"low pay with extreme job responsibilites, and lack of leadership","sometimes opening procedures then following up on customer requests for service and assistance. day-to-day responsibilities consist of answering branch phones, assisting customers with opening accounts and account servicing, applying for loans, credit cards, and consult bank customers, and suggest products to help benefit them. management is under pressure to perform, and threatened for lack of better words. co-workers are very diverse from all walks of life and range in age hardest part of the job is dealing with management, and to be motivated to do work, proceed with responsibilities due to lack of compensation and job responsibilities changing constantly. most enjoyable aspect is being able to advise and assist customers and service the community.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","columbus ohio","February 5, 2014","3.0"
"Employee appreciation week is a blast!!!","Working for this bank is a miss. I really enjoyed working there as an employee. The managers and leaders are awesome and mentors. I think it is very important to have leaders as mentors because you learn allot and will help you grow as a person and within the company. The team I worked with I got along and worked as teamwork. The most enjoyable part of working with this bank is 'Employee Appreciation week'. They make sure every employee is important to them. Love...Love...Love working for this organization.","Production Pricing Support Auditor","Former Employee","Grove, IL","February 5, 2014","5.0"
"N/a","I thought this was a good place to work but I am looking to use my degrees that I have earned. Accounting and Business management.","Peak-Time Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 5, 2014","4.0"
"Employee Appreciation","The company has a great way of showing that they appreciate their employees","FINANCIAL SERVICES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","February 5, 2014","4.0"
"company promotes healthy environment","promotes healthy and balanced working environment. Provided fun activities with video game consoles for employees to relax during breaks.","Pipeline Manager","Former Employee","downers grove IL","February 5, 2014","3.0"
"Fulfilling customers needs.","Though this bank's product mix can virtually fit anyone to satisfy the customers needs they don't have the same attention to detail for their employees. My position was helping customers find the right product mix for their financial portfolio. Including, but not limited to, all banking & lending products and other credit options. Then matching the customer to the right investment product. Thoroughly enjoyed making sure my customers were happy and satisfied with my recommendations. My co-workers and I worked hard everyday and learned our jobs though this bank prides themselves in hiring managers that have appeal but no experience in sales or customer service.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 5, 2014","1.0"
"Call center","A good entry level job. I enjoy talking with customers about their financial needs and goals. The hardest part the job is that management is not consistent in their expectations, priorities and objectives. It is a hostile work environment and very unpredictable and no room to grow.","Customer Outreach Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 4, 2014","2.0"
"I loved the people I worked with as we as our customers","A typical day at work would be what you would expect from a bank. we processed customer transactions while providing them with great customer service. I have a great relationship with both my branch manager as well as my teller supervisor. they really were hands-on and always willing to help. the most enjoyable part of my job was hearing customers say that I made their day.","Teller","Former Employee","Columbus Ohio","February 4, 2014","5.0"
"Producitve and satisfiying","Typical days are busy with clients issues.At times being a teacher of sort to some clients in educating them on diffident products according to their individual needs Communication skills very important, lots of patience and problem-solving abilities are required each day. Enjoy my co-workers who are like family. Team work is very important therefore there is no hard part of the job. End of nosiness day feeling the satisfaction of having assisted clients with a verity of problems and needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 3, 2014","5.0"
"great company, needs better management requirements","they will drain every ounce from you. work more hours than the bank is open","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","February 3, 2014","4.0"
"Enjoyed the customer contact","Always enjoyed getting to know the customers. Our branch was located in a smaller sized town and you got to know them pretty well. Enjoyed working with the staff also.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Waynesburg, PA","February 3, 2014","4.0"
"Working at the bank was like being with your family","A typical work day consists of helping customers with their finances, extending great customer service to every customer and keeping up with current events and technology. I learned how to interact with all types of people on all types of levels. I can talk to business professionals on a business about stock, politics or take-overs. I can talk sports all day. I can dabble a bit in fashion but not as much.","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","February 3, 2014","4.0"
"Na"," this bank is a growing organisation from I.T.prospective. The banking services of this bank is at par than any other organisation.","Analyst Programmer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","February 2, 2014","5.0"
"Unwilling to work with family crisis issues.","No allowance for simple mistakes. Pay was not equal to the expectations and stress that were expected.","Banking Teller II","Former Employee","Fairhope, Alabama","January 31, 2014","3.0"
"Ok","It was so/so, nothing major to say good or bad. It was a basic job and the managers/fellow employees were ok.","Financial/Reporting Analyst - Finance","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 31, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyed doing customer service","the most enjoyable part of the job was talking to different types of people in a day.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2014","5.0"
"Great wok enviorment","This company was great to work for and brought about a lot of opportunities.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Port Orange, FL","January 30, 2014","5.0"
"clean & safe","a very safe , fun , productive environment great team/leadership","Banquet Chef","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","January 29, 2014","5.0"
"Demanding yet very informative","Sales focused, time management a demand. likeable environment. The best part was the flexibility in schedule.","Commercial Banking Assistant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 27, 2014","4.0"
"Challenging work environment","Challenging in a way that, if you're used to dealing with face-to-face customer service, and can hold your own in a diverse environment, then this workplace would be good for you. You work in a branch and it really depends who you work with that will make or break your work experience at the bank. Customers are very diverse in their needs and can be crazy at times. Mostly are cooperative, but once in a while there will be instances that the bank can be confrontational.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","January 27, 2014","4.0"
"great company, my fav place to work","I loved my job here. I learned a lot and never had 2 days the same. Constantly challenged to think outside the box. Management team was fantastic! Co-workers were the BEST!","Vice President of Marketing","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 27, 2014","4.0"
"Co-Workers","Co-Workers were great but they definitely need more training on many aspects of the on-boarding experience for every new hire.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fairfax, VA","January 27, 2014","3.0"
"good enviornment","•a typical day at work. •what you learned. •management. •your co-workers. •the hardest part of the job. •the most enjoyable part of the job","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","January 26, 2014","3.0"
"Strong Regional Bank that sold it's mortgage co. to Washington Mutual","I enjoyed working for this company. It was my first mortgage job with a bank. I began as a community mortgage loan officer and was later promoted to a private banking mortgage advisor.","Private Banking Mortgage Advisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 26, 2014","5.0"
"Good work experience","Although it's not one of the safest places to work, this bank can be a good place to work. I believe the pay for tellers could improve and they should also invest in security.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 26, 2014","3.0"
"great work life balance"," this bank is a great company that provides a nice stress free environment that promotes a wonderful work life balance. I do worry that the sales expectations in order to compete with other financial institutions are balooning to a point where the current employees will no longer value their employment at this bank. I would like a job where I can utilize my experience in an office setting and not be held accountable for 'selling' products and services to clients who do not want or need those products and services.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Greensboro, NC","January 25, 2014","5.0"
"Management is horrible","Nice place to work for, but when this bank started to close branches and convert two branches into one is terrible... I had the best manager and teller supervisor anyone could ask for, they taught me everything to advance in my career... When the one branch closed and converted to our branch my Manager and Teller Supervisor was let go and that's when everything fell apart... Our branch was always a 5 star and now we are a 3 star branch. Our new Manager and Teller Supervisor have no clue how to handle a bigger branch bc they came from a small branch that was very slow and little staff. Our branch is now very unorganized and no communication within the branch, bc our Manager doesn't like to ask for help nor our Teller Supervisor. My new Manager also took away all of my privileges I had and is making sure I don't advance bc she is not willing to let me do anything as I use too.","Teller","Current Employee","Southwest Pa","January 25, 2014","2.0"
"Good Work Atmosphere got along great with coworker","The relationship with my coworkers are amazing. We get along very well and have a bond that I have never had at a previous job. We laugh and have a good time, the pay could be better.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","8054 reading rd","January 24, 2014","4.0"
"Good Luck","Worked in the Detroit Region. Regional micro managed. My Manager was horrible. Assistant Manager was Great. Customers came in with bad attitudes. Co-workers showed no team work and didn't want to be there. Would prob still be there if I had better co-workers.","Teller Branch Representative","Former Employee","Hazel Park, MI","January 24, 2014","3.0"
"Steady work environment","Enjoyed my time working there. The benefits were decent and so was the pay for a teller position.","Teller Banking Representative I","Former Employee","Emerson, NJ","January 24, 2014","4.0"
"Answering customer questions","Responsible for client contact, financial analysis, and financial product sales, customer service and interfacing with other departments of the bank.","National Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 24, 2014","4.0"
"Got to work from home"," this bank was a nice employer to work for. When the opportunity came up for a work from home team I was selected for it. It was a great opportunity. I would still be working for them if they had not closed the call center I was working in.","Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","January 23, 2014","5.0"
"Commercial Lender","Good pay and benefits as long as goals were met. Hours good - nice work environment.","Vice President - Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","January 23, 2014","4.0"
"Productive","Overall good as can be expected nothing over the top. It was a learning experience and rewarding to gradually grow with the company in time.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, New Jersey","January 22, 2014","3.0"
"Complicated place to work","Collector of mortgage payments, review and document customers financial information to determine if they pre qualify for a loan modification","Collector II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","January 21, 2014","3.0"
"Mortgage lending","Helping clients to obtain financing to purchase a new home or refinance existing mortgage.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","West Linn, OR","January 21, 2014","1.0"
"Can have fun while still getting the job done.","A good company to work for. Room for advancement. Treats employees fairly.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Coraopolis, PA","January 21, 2014","5.0"
"Rates are slightly higher that the competition.","Management is helpful. Training is good but once you are up and running you are on your own.","Mortgage Originator","Current Employee","White Plains, NY","January 21, 2014","3.0"
"Good place to work. Good culture and great workplace environment.","Typical day at work: Arrive at work to open branch and host morning meeting. Review new announcements and summarize sales goals and progress. Highlight successes and areas of improvement. Assist customers with daily service needs and hold sales and financial conversations to uncover financial improvement areas which are also profitable for the company. Review progress of all employees on daily goals and compliance to audit standards through daily check ins. Learned valuable management experience and gained coaching skills. Worked for a great management team along the way. Co-workers were pivotal to branch success and I created a great working team. The hardest part of the job is achieving highest level of profitability for the company and providing the best level of customer service on a daily basis as judged by gallup survey system. Most enjoyable part of the job in interacting with customers and providing excellent service to help assist them in meeting their financial goals.","Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","January 21, 2014","4.0"
"basic, non movitating","The best thing about this place was the customers I helped and developed deeper relationships with.","Teller Representative II","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 20, 2014","1.0"
"Executive Administrative Assistant","• Senior executive administrative support including the management and coordination of scheduling calendars, executive business travel, expense reporting/reconciliation, formal presentations, associate performance reviews/recognition, attendance/vacation records, office supply inventory, reporting/analysis, and general correspondence.","Executive Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 19, 2014","5.0"
"Interoffice conflicts","Worked there for years throughout Columbia county, Pa. No problems until working at Berwick,Pa office. Terrible work environment.","teller","Former Employee","Coumbia County, PA","January 18, 2014","3.0"
"the best job ever","loved working here loved everyone but one person at the branch pay was great and hours were great would go back to work here","Assistant Head Teller","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 16, 2014","5.0"
"friendly workplace with constant watch over actions.","Answering the calls of customers assisting them with banking needs and serving them with the friendliest and most accurate help as possible.","Bank Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 14, 2014","4.0"
"Stressful Job","I worked here for a couple months, I loved my job because of my customers, and security. I really dislike the management. It's very hard to do anything at this job without the right person to say something or directing you in a wrong way.","Teller I","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 14, 2014","3.0"
"discrimintory","I used to work for this place many years ago and was let go for something that everyone does, emailing your co workers. I recently applied again, thinking that if they could see how much more experience I have and how I have matured in areas that would benefit the company, they might consider hiring me again. I passed the phone interview and went to a group interview, all in the same day. Compared to the other applicants, there were at least 10, I had more than enough experience and qualifications for the position of an entry level call center position. I was declined a position with the generic explanation that I did not fit their needs. I'm not sure how that could be when I have over ten years experience. I was actually ok with the decision as I would not want to work the hours they suggested, which was 10-7 and EVERY Saturday. They make it sound like you are eligible to change those hours after you've worked there, but we all know how that will most likely work out. Favoritism, I'm sure is how they run this company. The other thing that people need to be aware of is downsizing, that occurs often and employee over turn. Why do they have so many positions open? Because they can't keep their employees.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 13, 2014","1.0"
"Only bank still growing","Marketing is devoted to growing in a new market. Working with an outside marketing firm to ensure positive growth for each branch helps to increase market presence.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 13, 2014","4.0"
"Great for growth and advancement","Work is non-stop customer service. I've learned patience and time manangement. My co-workers are awesome. The hardest part of the job is telling a customer NO. The most enjoyable part of my is a happy customer.","Teller","Current Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","January 13, 2014","5.0"
"Very well rounded place to work","I was a floater so I worked in many different branches, but every branch from Dover to Middletown management was great. The customers had to warm up to me but after that I had no problems. There really wasn't a hard part to this job. The enjoyable part was counting money and the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Dover, DE","January 13, 2014","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good company to work for, however like anything that you do there are going to be imperfections. Be careful and ensure that detail is top of the list when it comes to your work.","TELLER BANKING SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","January 12, 2014","4.0"
"OK if you are just starting out.","Management is fine. this bank makes managers VP's however they have no say over raises or what their direct reports make. Typical corporation stuff. They hire you for under $10/hr and dangle the carrot...'I've had people make x amount...' or 'so and so got promoted to...' Co-workers were nice. Customer base is generally dissatisfied w/ this bank. Interest rates paid are dreadfully low. As a teller you refer people more and more to the ATM's which is in effect making tellers obsolete. Which is what this bank wants. More machines and less employees to pay benefits to. Many employees have 2nd jobs because this bank is not enough by itself.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 11, 2014","2.0"
"Productive Place","Good place to work in it is a very happy environment. Employees are very out going and care about you. They are always smiling and ready to help service you","Teller","Current Employee","New jersey","January 10, 2014","4.0"
"very good organization","Company takes care of their employees; good training programs; dedicated to local causes and is a 'home town' bank.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","January 10, 2014","4.0"
"loved my job but had to go !!!","worked as a teller loved my job but had to leave husband's job relocated to texas","teller","Former Employee","okeechobee fl","January 10, 2014","5.0"
"Nice place to work","I would answer any calls that came in about a customers accounts. I learned about different kind of accounts the bank had to offer. I also learned about Capital One loans for cars and homes. Management was well informing, if you did something wrong or needed help with something they were there to help you. The co-workers were friendly and would help out if you needed it. The hardest part of my job was handling the irate customers and the easiest part was also the customers I like to talk to people.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2014","4.0"
"Teller Responsibilities for handling customer transactions at banks, including taking deposits, disbursing cash, opening accounts, and investigating f","• Process routine account transactions. Open accounts, including savings and checking. • Help customers fill out deposit and withdrawal slips. Use adding machine. Disburse money to customers. • Validate the deposit slip and stamp it by machine. • Check for photo identification. Assist customers at the drive-through window • Greet people warmly and direct them to appropriate bank personnel. • Handle loan payments and cash checks. Sell traveler's checks and money orders. • Collect loan and utility payments. Promote bank products. Record all transactions. • Report suspicious activity to police. Exchange foreign currency. • Count cash at beginning nd end of shift. • Balance currency, cash and checks in cash drawer at end of each shift.","Teller Responsibilities","Former Employee","Secaucus, NJ","January 10, 2014","5.0"
"Productive and fast-paced environment with strict attention to detail","A typical day at work begins with reviewing credit approvals for new and existing accounts to determine whether or not real estate is being taken as collateral. Reviewing the details of a credit approval is necessary since not all accounts and terms therein are the same. Once it is determined that real estate will be taken as collateral, then we follow certain guidelines to determine whether or not the real estate in question is located in a flood zone. If the real estate is in a flood zone, then we are required by the Federal Regulators to perform what is called flood due diligence to ensure proper flood insurance is in place before a loan can close on an account. My group is rather small within a larger operations group. There are about three (3) of us along with our direct manager. We work well together and learn from one another in order to get the job done. Performing flood due diligence can be difficult at times, depending on how many properties are located in flood zones. Every account brings its own 'personality' if you will, to the table. Some are very simple and some require more attention. All in all, it is very interesting work and I learn something new everyday that keeps me on my toes. Aside from flood due diligence, I am also in charge of six (6) regions whereby I work closely with the relationship managers and the attorneys on different accounts to resolve legal exceptions. Legal exceptions are created after closing documents are received and reviewed to ascertain what is missing from the loan documents or if any deficiencies exist within the loan documents. - more...","Legal Documentation","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
"Quality Assurance Analyst","Excellent job, and wonderful opportunities to write defects and make sure the defects were corrected before going into production","Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 9, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed working for this bank, They are the best Mortgage Company","Hired as a partner for this bank Retail to service current mortgage customers, generate and acquire new mortgage customers, partner with realtors and title companies, and supply customers with new banking options to meet immediate and long term goals. • Manage the entire processing of the loan, maintained the underwriter's guidelines and closing of the loan. Coordinating these services throughout Ohio and the rest of the United States. • Meet with new and current customers in the this bank branch and/or accommodate in-home appointments • Refer mortgage customers to other divisions of this bank to offer them additional banking and investment options/services. • Cover four this bank branches in Franklin, Delaware, Knox, and Licking counties. • Cold calls to current this bank customers to offer them mortgage options with the entire loan process completed via phone, internet and fax.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","January 9, 2014","5.0"
"Sale Oriented","A typical day of work would consists of begging customers to do something they don't want to do.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","January 9, 2014","3.0"
"Ok workplace","It is a decent work place, but not a position that I would personally want to advance in. The company is a difficult company to work with, but the individual branch itself is pretty decent.","Peak-Time Teller","Current Employee","Mays Landing, NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
"Good firm wasn't there long enough to have a fair assessment.","Good firm wasn't there long enough to have a fair assessment.","Investment Accountant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","January 9, 2014","3.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for. this bank has a great teamwork enviroment.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Plainboro NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
"productive and fun place to work at","A fun place to work at with lots of support resources. People are friendly and helpful, they make you feel like you are part of the team","Personal Banker","Current Employee","cincinnati oh","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"Great opportunity for Advancement","Each and everyday is a new experience working at this bank. Lots of opportunity for growth within the company.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","MD","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"Fun place to work with great people.","I enjoy going to work because my coworkers are intelligent, competent and fun to be around. They are like a second family to me. My supervisors and the company really seem to care about my advancement and career development. The only thing I dislike about my job is sometimes dealing with unruly customers.","TELLER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2014","5.0"
"Great Place To Work.","Underwriting Foreclosed For Fannie Mae. With a pipeline of 220 loan a month.","Loss Mitigation Specialist III","Former Employee","Jacksonville Fl.","January 8, 2014","5.0"
"Good Company with customer oriented business plan.","The management in the mortgage division is not on par with the bank itself. The mortgage division is still trying to develop an identity and constantly is reinventing the processes which creates the disorganization that follows new implementation. The mid level management has no origination experience and so does not fuilly understand origination outside of the bank referrals. Good people with good intentions. I hope they get it right.","FL","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"It was an enjoyable job until the consolidation","I worked with a great group of women until the two branches in our town consolidated then every thing we were told was not the truth and I lost my confidence in my future with the bank","Teller","Former Employee","Greencastle, IN","January 8, 2014","1.0"
"Was a great place to work when it was NCM","Great place to work when Company was owned by NCM but when this bank took over it all changed.","Branch Operations Manager III","Former Employee","San Diego, CA","January 8, 2014","5.0"
"worst employer ever","rude management, very unprofessional staff. no one knew there job responsibilities at all. i thought working at the bank would be a amazing step up for me, but it was a huge disappointment an a huge step backwards.","Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 8, 2014","1.0"
"Productive and Sales Driven","A typical day at work entails completing teller transactions, communicating with clients to drive loans, credit cards, investment and business referrals, and checking accounts. I've learned a lot about mortgages, investments, and business, while enhancing my communication, analytical, and organization skills. Management is great and most definitely makes employee growth a priority. Co-workers are very team oriented and productive. The hardest part of the job is finding new solutions to drive customer interaction and participation. The most enjoyable part of the job is interacting with customers to find a solution to their questions and concerns.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","January 8, 2014","4.0"
"Teller Station All Day","Diposit checks, cash checks, withdrawal money from diferent accounts, referrals, cashiers checks, money orders. Work with money all day.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Holland, MI","January 7, 2014","3.0"
"Great fostering of teamwork","I was able to interact face to face with customers experiencing hardships and assist them in anyway possible to remain in their home. This was also one of the hardest aspects of my work because you become involve with people going through one of the hardest phases of their lives. I worked remotely from home and traveled weekly in order to attend different events set up by government agencies and non-profits organizations as well. I attended both contested and non-contested trials as a witness in behalf of the bank in order to prove ultimate ownership of the note/property once in default. I had the pleasure of being part of an eight person team, while only three of us participated in the default work; we all got along and could count on each other as necessary. I learned to be a better listener and understand that a little compassion and empathy goes a long way.","Default Litigation","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","January 7, 2014","5.0"
"Excellent work environment","This is my review for the company this bank that I work for. A typical day includes driving to work, working, then driving home.","Finance","Current Employee","Somewhereville PA","January 6, 2014","5.0"
"Overall Good Company to Work For","The company is fair, compensation is on par for the positions, and there is room to grow, you just have to know people.","Senior Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2014","4.0"
"Great work environment","Great place to work with a fantastic regional management team. Overall this bank was a great learning environment.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","York, PA","January 4, 2014","5.0"
"Pleasant working atmosphere","Excellent training top to bottom. A great place to work! Employees are treated kind and fair","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2014","5.0"
"fun place to work","it is fun place to work, Day go by very fast, very busy but less pressure. very pleasant work environment. good people to work wtih.","Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Warrenville, IL","January 3, 2014","5.0"
"procuctive and fun place to work for","The expericence working at this bank is great and friendly atmostere. customer are friendly","Senior Teller","Current Employee","Potomac, MD","January 3, 2014","5.0"
"Favoritism run rampid","The best part of this job are the co-workers, the worst part is the favoritism shown by the management staff.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Upper St Clair PA","January 3, 2014","1.0"
"Perfect work place","Processed customers' financial transactions quickly and accurately, while adhering to established identification and security safeguards. Continually strived to improve or recommend ways to improve service and efficiency levels in all services to customers. Introduced bank products and services appropriate to the customer's needs. Proofed bank work for accuracy at the completion of each day.","Teller","Former Employee","Closter, NJ","January 3, 2014","5.0"
"Great learning experience","Great learning experience. Quick time frames, fast paced and full of technical challenges.","Technical Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 2, 2014","3.0"
"Do Not Work as a Branch Financial Sales Rep for this bank!!","The only good thing I have to say about this bank is that they are a good place to gain entry level experience in banking. Once you get your experience though get the heck out! Their training is horrendous, all they care about are SALES #'s. They didn't care that I had a customer service score of 4.98/5.00 (yes, Gallup the company that conducts polling will randomly call your customers to ascertain satisfaction.) All I heard after carrying such a high service score was I was doing a bad job and all this other BS just because my sales numbers were middle of the pack. My biggest gripe with this company is the pay, it is PATHETIC!!!. My annual raise was .15 cents an hour. I started making 11.50 / hr, after my 'Big' promotion I was making 12.50 /hr. The majority of the customers that you will see on a given day will be very escalated due to poor company training and no accountability. So your day basically consists of putting out fires other people started. Customer Service incentives were easy to hit however the sales goals were nearly impossible. Management wants you to be a robot for the company and never question processes that are made by people who haven't been in a retail branch in 10 years. All in all, It is not worth it unless you are an entry level candidate looking to gain experience. 24k base pay for a lot of headaches.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Middleburg Heights, OH","December 30, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and fun work place.","Financial Sales Consultant. • Marketing: Come up with and implement marketing activities geared toward new and existing customers in order to promote and obtain new business. • Customer Service: Work with customers daily in order to complete requests and solve issues. • Sales: Meet and exceed weekly goals. • Teller transactions: Complete account transactions for customers. • Platform: Open accounts, CDs, money market accounts, IRA referrals, refinance homes, car loans, etc. • Trainer: Tain new employees. • Audits: Have passed all audits.","FINANACIAL CONSAULTANT","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","December 30, 2013","5.0"
"Look for something better","My first and only bank job. It pays lower than most banks out there. It depends on what branch you go to. Some are much more friendlier to work in than others","CUSTOMER SALES ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","alexandria, va","December 29, 2013","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Every day is a different day, which is what I loved the most. I also enjoyed working with a client base.","Associate Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 29, 2013","5.0"
" this bank Wealth Management","Provided administrative support to Managing Director, Trust Advisors and Investment Advisors as well as quality Client service by responding to Client inquiries and researching and resolve problems in a timely manner. Answered written correspondence handles telephone inquiries and other miscellaneous routine requests. Generates and maintains positive Client relationships. Verify with Clients that all requests have been satisfied. In addition, provides operational support/account maintenance to Managers, Advisors, Client Development Officers or Relationship Managers with regard to this bank AMG products.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Boston, MA","December 28, 2013","5.0"
"Great Place to work.","Typical day in management deals with customer service and team development. The most enjoyable part of the job was developing future leaders.","President","Former Employee","pittsburgh, pa 15219","5.0"
" this bank in a Glance","A typical day at this bank consisted of meeting with clients both current and new. It also consisted of conducting cold calls to clients to offer products/services, which the client was not already utilizing. The management structure was by far complicated. There were many managers over me and it generally created conflicting sides based on the information received by the employee The co-workers were most of the time willing to help. this bank tried to implement a 'team environment' and in most cases was able to achieve this. The hardest part of the job was the downtime. I am a person who likes to stay busy, and there was too much downtime somedays. The most enjoyable part of the job was assisting clients and helping them financially the best way possible. It made me happy when my clients were satisfied with the services I had provided.","Financial Sales Consultant I","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 24, 2013","4.0"
"The worst bank Ive worked for yet!!!","I've had a great career in banking with the exception of this bank. No platform training, poor management and be prepare to use a script that has a pass or fail model that might cost you your job. this bank is definitely not a company I would recommend anyone to. The people I worked with were under-paid and over-worked. The RM seems like a great position but trust me it isn't the dream job they sold me. BEWARE!!!","Private Client Group Relationship Mgr","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 23, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and fun working place","Very nice place where you not only help people but everyone is willing to help you.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2013","5.0"
"Easy going","Enjoyed the people I worked with Management not the greatest","LEAD ISSUE RESOLUTION","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2013","3.0"
"Productive and friendly work environment.","Manages customer portfolios, maintain establish professional rapport, cross-sells all products and services. Provides broad base of financial and credit services with the goals of acquiring 100% of the customer's business Uses profiling analysis tools to identify cross sell opportunities and makes outbound sales calls typically by phone to increase product per customer ratio. Administrative duties include faxing, filing, and copying, answering multi-line phone, participate in weekly marketing calls, and managing inventory. Daily calendar maintenance, schedule customer appointments, and attend weekly meetings with managers. Greet customers, oversight of day-to-day operations, edit, review, and production of letters, reports, and assisting management as needed Establish and build positive rapport and long term relationships with our customer base.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Upper Marlboro,Md","December 19, 2013","4.0"
"High pressure position","stressful work atmosphere always threatened with performance review if numbers not met. also gives higher goals when you meet set numbers.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","North Cape May, NJ","December 19, 2013","2.0"
"na","Great company to work for. It a great way to start your career. hardest park of the job is learning all the products and the sell in a grocery store.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hopewell, NJ","December 18, 2013","5.0"
"Great Employees and Advancement Opportunities","I love my job at this bank because of my coworkers. They have become very close friends and it makes this company a great place to work. Managers listen and are understanding, I always feel that my opinion matters. It seems that fellow employees are constantly earning promotions and building their careers. This is a fantastic company to work for if banking is the desired field.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 17, 2013","5.0"
"productive","similar work culture as fedex. very organized when coming to planing and distribution of work among the team mates.","Oracle DBA","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 17, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent","Fun with customer interaction and co workers, Great Company to work for..","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","December 17, 2013","5.0"
"Fun & Productive workplace","Great company to work for, team work and outreach in the community are key winning points and why this bank is successful as a whole","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Brunswick, OH","December 16, 2013","4.0"
"Financial Services","As part of the large financial institution working with small business owner, I managed financial sales team. It was a pleasure to assist small business owners develop their businesses/","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","December 16, 2013","3.0"
"non productive no rules no guidelines.","no rules no guidelines the poorest management group ever in jacksonville florida.","LOS MIT REP 2","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2013","1.0"
"Great career starter","This is a great company to start your banking career. They are focused on great customer service and providing support to their employees","VP Branch Manager III","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 13, 2013","4.0"
"Overall great company to work for","Overall Great Company to work for, with the exception that it seems the company is trending everyday toward a retail style bank, offering less human resources and demanding more work with less pay.","BRANCH MANAGER II","Current Employee","New Jersey","December 12, 2013","4.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for and further your career. I recommend it to anyone .","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Erie, PA","December 12, 2013","5.0"
"great job good benefits","I liked this job because it was an overnight job. check processing sorting were the duties","Sorter operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 12, 2013","5.0"
"Good Company","Good company to work for. Left because I was searching for a better opportunity closer to home","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","December 12, 2013","4.0"
"Constant Stress bad Management","The worst part of the job was worrying about getting fired for the small small things. If it's even a problem in the system always blame it on the employs.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 12, 2013","2.0"
"Poor training and direction","I was hired to manage a team of outside sales associates. We were given three days of training and told to secure 100 checking accounts a month for a company that has less the 1 percent market share in Orlando. Unrealistic goals and expectations combined with poor training and guidance didn't make for a good experience.","Sales Ambassador Manager","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","December 11, 2013","1.0"
"Temporary assignment","I was working here as a temp until the department closed down. A typical day would include processing the current days transactions from all the area branches.","Proof Operator","Former Employee","Cleveand,OH","December 11, 2013","4.0"
"Very sterile, impersonal environment","I was a remote Underwriter working from home. I had very little underwriting support or tech support.","Remote Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2013","2.0"
"Superior/Unique oral and written communication skills and the ability to maintain a cooperative spirit from individuals and groups","Results-driven and a versatile professional with the ability to boost profits and organizational effectiveness","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2013","5.0"
"Excellent place to work with great people","I truly enjoy working where I work now. However, I am looking for an opportunity to utilize the financial acumen I developed in the CFA program. I would prefer an analytical role.","Sales and Service Specialist Coordinator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 10, 2013","5.0"
"A typical day at work","The first year I was in the Customer Service Call Center taking inbound calls. Explaining escrow, taking payments on current loans, open tasks (request) from misapplied payments, requesting payments for insurance and/ or taxes, copy of 1098. Second year accepted the position in Customer Service Inquiry Support Team - we process all the faxes and open all task.","Customer Service Inquiry Support Team III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2013","3.0"
"One of the top banks in the country"," this bank was good place to work for and seems to care about it's employees.","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","New Smyrna Beach Branch","December 9, 2013","4.0"
"Great Platform for Training and Development","I managed 30-40 employees every quarter with quality call monitors. I learned an extensive of amount of knowledge regarding and paying attention to details. I was selected to head up the Gallup surveys and hold refresher courses for new training. The hardest part of my job was dealing with the inconsistencies of information from one department to another. The most enjoyable part of my job was interacting and teaching the people I managed.","Risk Management","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 9, 2013","3.0"
"such an unhappy place to work","Management at branch and regional level are so inundated with conference calls, emails and busy work from upper level management that it breeds an environment of uptight, frightened branch managers. Of course, this trickles down to tellers and desk help This is just a sort of amusing observation... each Oct or so we would receive several boxes of this bank calendars to give to our customers. The last 3 years i was employed with this bank we would get a large interoffice envelope in early december with one of the calendars in it wishing us a joyous holiday season. This was our Christmas gift from this bank.","Teller II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 9, 2013","2.0"
"Productive & Friendly Enviornment","I have learned working with multiple assignments simultaneously. Learned to work with minimum documentation and minimum supervision","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 8, 2013","5.0"
"I really enjoyed working at the bank. I like the interaction with customers. My husband retired and we moved to Florida.","My daily duties included deposits, payments, address changes and general customer service inquiries.","Teller","Former Employee","Laurinburg, NC","December 8, 2013","5.0"
"Fantastic group I worked with","I was given opportunity to advance and I worked with a great team.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Crisfield, MD","December 5, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and easy going work place.","I have learned many different things from all of my previous jobs. They have all given me opportunity to grow into the person that I am today in the workplace.","Teller Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","December 4, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company","Great company to work for. Many opportunities and a great leadership team.","Business System Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","December 4, 2013","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank has been a great company to work for. The culture makes for a very pleasant work day.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Easton, PA","December 3, 2013","5.0"
"Great Potential","I think that this bank-Investments is fine overall and will be a great place to be in several years, but unfortunately at the moment it is still a bank in transition due to RBC being acquired by this bank. I enjoy my job and meeting with clients but the reality is that the bank only has 2 percent of the regional market share and to further complicate things RBC didn't have a sales culture and there have been significant hurdles trying to implement one.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","December 3, 2013","3.0"
"Typical day at work","A typical day at work starts out with a quick start where we share a positive tip or idea for the day. I then make follow up phone calls, running transaction when needed, and pull reports for the monthly file. I have learned to manage a teller line by coaching to ensure the tellers reach their personal goals to help improve the banks over all sales. With managing I have also learned how to understand co-workers personalities and how to approach co-workers the right way to get the task done right the first time. The hardest part of my job is making cold calls for sales opportunities. I would much rather pitch a product that I believe would truly help my clients financial well-being, rather than just pushing any product. The most enjoyable part of being a teller supervisor is being able to help my clients with their financial troubles, and I also enjoy managing the cash on hand at the branch to ensure we have great customer service.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Jupiter, FL","December 3, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work","I enjoyed my job with my this bank Family, That is why I want to get back to this bank. It was like working with a family and always feel like you were a team player. I loved all my co workers i have worked with. And my managers I have worked with. I have to say the MOST enjoyable part of my job is going to work to wait on my customers and being with my this bank Family. I really don't think I have ever had a hard part of my job. I enjoy it so much.","Job Duties Bank Teller","Former Employee","Clio, Michigan","December 3, 2013","5.0"
"Normally relaxed work place with an occasional spike in the amount of work that is required.","The branch I currently work at is normally pretty relaxed. The only problems are with the customers who can be needy, overbearing and to be quite honest, pretty stupid because they are grown men and women who do not want to learn how to do things for themselves. Frustrating can be an understatement at times, but like i said, that is only like once a month because we have certain busy days. My co-workers are great, the management is very helpful and is always willing to teach.","Full Time Teller - Data entry, cash handling","Current Employee","louisville, ky","December 2, 2013","4.0"
"Was a nice place to work for","My head teller was very nice, If you had any questions she was very helpful in assisting you, Got to know people who were regular customers and establish a relationship with them. Most people who came the the bank were very nice. All my co-workers were nice.The end of the day was kind of stressful when it came time to count your drawer and make sure it balanced.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","December 2, 2013","3.0"
"Enjoying sightseeing","A typical day at work, show up with uniform and on time, on the other hand your day would start wrong and all your stops would be late. I learned to drive a bigger vehicle than what I have and different routes such as different places in New Jersey. Management was ok and co-workers the same. The hardest part of the job was when I was locked in between two steel doors for more than a hour and not being able to come out until someone would come or answer the walkie talkie. The most enjoyable part of the job was when you would show up at your destination and someone from the bank would need you to translate.","Mobile Transaction Facilitator","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","December 2, 2013","3.0"
"Full time bank teller","enjoyed working at this bank however I wanted to advance and learn more office procedures","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Berlin, NJ","November 30, 2013","4.0"
"Working at this bank","Senior management needs to be more involved with the staff to understand the strengths and weaknesses of their employees.","Finance Project Manager I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 28, 2013","3.0"
"Very educational environment to work in"," this bank has been a Company that I have worked for, for a long time. It's an environment that is constantly changing so you learn something new all the time. Most of my day is spent making sure borrower's are taken care of in the most professional manner. Always learning and processing Investor Guidelines however, that can also be the most difficult part of the job. You need to be very accurate. My favorite part of my job are my co-workers. I love being around people.","EHLP Negotiator","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","November 26, 2013","4.0"
"pruductive work place with ample chance for advancement","Well trained coworkers. Knowledgeable management. Travel was inconvenient","wire rep 2","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 26, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent Job","Wonderful place to work. Abundant resources for doing your job well.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 25, 2013","5.0"
"greeting customers","did not like working for this company at all this was a place that played to much and management was not good at all coworkers where okay the hardest job for me was just coming in, there was no enjoyable part of the day but going home for the day","Allied Barton Security Officer","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 25, 2013","1.0"
"I am not happy.","I am not happy at this bank because there are no advancement and no full time opportunities. The management are not helpful and cooperative","Teller Representative I","Current Employee","Homerglen, IL","November 23, 2013","3.0"
"Great Company, strong in competition","Truly enjoyed going to work every day. this bank a great banking family, who endorsed balance and family. Heavy quality interaction with the clients and potential future clients thru this bank conversation. Growing the business and the brand was key to daily function, however, shoving the brand down the throats of the community was certainly not the culture from a typical banking perspective.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Wellington, FL","November 22, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and room for advancement","A typical day at this bank would be processing teller transactions, referring bank products by having conversations with clients, opening new accounts, CD's, processing small loans, settling teller cash draw. I learned that this bank cares about their clients and offers a grow up great program for children, to be fast and efficient, how to set a good example by my actions, to strive for achievement and to exceed all customer needs. Management in most branches cared about their employees and recognized ones talents and ambition to succeed and helped in advancement. Co-workers work together as a team in down time offer to help other team members so no one falls behind during busy branch hours. The hardest part of the job is when other team members call out. the most enjoyable part of the job, looking forward to greeting bank clients, protecting and serving client needs, satisfying client concerns,","Customer Service","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","November 22, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and a great working environment","A typical day at work is to come in continue working on files, gathering documents and closing loans.","Mortgage Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Garden City, NY","November 22, 2013","5.0"
"good company","I enjoyed most of my employment with this bank but I reached a time where I felt like I wouldn't move up any further so it was time for me to move on","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Williamstown, NJ","November 22, 2013","5.0"
"No room for advancement","regional management is poor, and ruins the experience foe the branches. Too much micromanagement. No room to advance to another division of the bank unless you live in pittsburgh.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Branch Manager","November 21, 2013","3.0"
"Not the caring company they proclaim to be.","Was not the company they claimed to be. They said they would take care of their employees first because they need to be taken care of so that our customer's can be taken care of. When my work performance started to decline, they never once asked me what was the cause. They just let me go.","Teller I","Former Employee","Gulf Shores, AL","November 21, 2013","1.0"
"Great place to work","This is a great company with great benefits. The bank is one of the most stable, well funded banks in the industry. It was affected very little by the housing market a few years ago. As a matter of fact, the company bought two banks since then. If you are looking for a company that has great benefits and an opportunity to grow in the financial services industry, this is the place to be.","August","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 20, 2013","5.0"
"professional, high technology"," this bank is the 5th largest bank in the nation. It's brand is valued by emplyees and customers and is a respected company to work for.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","St. Peters Mo","November 19, 2013","5.0"
"customers","The customers are what made this job great, and enjoyable to come to work.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Meadville, PA","November 19, 2013","3.0"
"A smooth day with no problems","Everyday was always different. There was always different questions ask and differt answers","ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK III","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 18, 2013","5.0"
"Great Enviroment!","Customer service is what this bank is all about. this bank is also very great with employee satisfaction!","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Berwyn IL","November 15, 2013","5.0"
"Great employer","Great employer and a great learning and advancement work place.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee"," this bank Boulevard Branch,Falls church ,va","November 14, 2013","5.0"
"Sales Consulstant","A typical day of work would consist of taking incoming calls from customer's and helping them with there checking and savings accounts. After I serviced the customer, I would engage in conversation to see what products and services with the customer that would best suit their needs. I was trained in selling in loans except mortgages, credit cards, checking account, CD's and savings accounts. The management and my co-workers were always friendly and helpful.","Registered Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2013","4.0"
"Good place to start your career","Ideal for job applicants who are just entering in the financial servicing industry. Moderate pay, lots of opportunities to learn the trade. Opportunities for advancement. The company could have invested more in automation resources.","NAV OPS Investment Accountant II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","November 14, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to see and listen to shows.","Great place to see and listen to shows. Well organized with friendly staff.","RUNNER","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","November 14, 2013","5.0"
"Great environment to work and grow.","My typical day at work would be assisting customers with their transactions and providing them with excellent customer service.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Norfolk, VA","November 13, 2013","4.0"
"amazing place to work,","a success and goal driven place to work. My manager is so goal focused and I just can't believe people who actually care about your success are in these types of positions. She pushes all of us and cross trains us to know how to do everything in the branch so that we will al be prepared individually to handle any issue or situation. Now I can't speak for every this bank branch, but I know at my location it is a dream job come true.","Full time teller","Current Employee","rocky mount, nc","November 13, 2013","5.0"
"Unfair","After many years of good service and dedication to customers and co-workers, it meant nothing to the new management that took over after branches were closed and staff was relocated.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Franklin, NC","November 13, 2013","2.0"
"A Productive work place","Resolve late stage mortgage delinquency on Collect payment on residential/rental properties via payment arrangements or other option Verify and update client financial data. Knowledge of state legalities and FDCPA laws","Collections Representative II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 12, 2013","4.0"
"Customer Service Oriented Banking","I have worked at various banks in Chicagoland: MB Financial, First Midwest, and bank N (now this bank). Based on my experience, this bank trains its employees best in customer service. Meeting sales goals can be easy to difficult depending in the branch you work for, and FOOT TRAFFIC (very important).","Banker","Former Employee","Long Grove, IL","November 12, 2013","4.0"
"Productive","Traveled using company vehicle to assigned branches.The people at that branches were very helpful and friendly. I enjoyed the freedom as well.","COURIER","Former Employee","philadelphia","November 12, 2013","4.0"
"Nice place to work good management","Production environment, fast pace job. Good group of people to work with. Supervisors were knowledgeable and good to work with.","Proof Operator","Former Employee","Linthicum, MD","November 12, 2013","2.0"
"Wonderful place to work for with great benefits and opportunities for advancement.","This was one of my most favorite jobs. The opportunities were great and the ability to advance your position were always there. The co workers were great; supportive and helpful. There was always new things to learn and all of those things were helpful toward advancement.","Product Client Service Represative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 12, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and dedicated to customer service","Responsible for planning, organizing, directing, and controlling transactions related to processing operations Provides direction to staff members in resolving problems which arise with internal or external customers. Meets with customers to determine needs, solicit feedback on service levels and implement solutions to address issues","Officer","Former Employee","College Park, GA","November 11, 2013","4.0"
"work at this bank","The work is not to heard. typically change computers out for new ones. hardest part was lifting the PC's","computer technician","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","November 11, 2013","1.0"
"Great company to work for.","Fast paced workplace Lot of advancement opportunities. Co-workers were willing to help out in times of heavy workloads.","Collateral Team Member II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 11, 2013","5.0"
"Billing Specialist","New company with high hopes, but the business failed, and people were laid off.","Senior Medical Claims Processor","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","November 9, 2013","1.0"
"Na","Develop team members - both entry level and senior level, supervising workflow and quality of loss mitigation activity; working with management team to identify problems and improve the department and keep our clients in their home; communicating company and unit policy, procedures, and practices; involvement in employment decisions and setting performance standards; training and coaching staff; writing and conducting performance evaluations; performing budgetary, product and/or business case analysis; researching/analyzing special projects as assigned.","Loss Mitigation Team Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 9, 2013","5.0"
" this bank is trying to monopolize the banking industry","After the merger between this bank, and bank N, this bank tended to adopt most of National Cities practices. I am not sure why a huge successful bank would buy a failing bank and then adopt their practices.","Network Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 8, 2013","3.0"
"Productive","Strive to ensure customer service. Get paid on what you produce.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Lincroft, NJ","November 8, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyable day at work with team members","The most enjoyable part of my job is to spend a work day with people that are not only co-workers but friends at work. They are people that are willing to help me in everything I might need help with during my time at work. Having a manager that not only cares about my success at work but my success with the company is also very enjoyable. I had the blessing of working for a branch near home, and the best part of this is to work to assist customers that I already know. It gives me a feeling of satisfaction to know that my customers believe in me. They never hesitate to ask for anything because they know I am always willing to answer any questions they might have. They also know I will never recommend a product to them if I know that it is not going to be beneficial for them.","ATM teller","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","November 7, 2013","5.0"
"Awesome place to work amazing place to bank","Great Work Atmosphere! Felt like a big family. You had constant communications with district and regional managers as a finicial sales consultant. That was a plus to be able to show your ability and have open lines of communication with management. Training was fun and interesting. I learned to really understand people as customers and as sellers. The company made sure to keep their employees in mind with awesome sales rallies, not to mention the rewards, acknowledgments, and contests. this bank really is a great company to be a part of.","Financial Sales Representative","Former Employee","Elizabeth, NJ","November 6, 2013","5.0"
"Wonderful Experience","Personal Growth. Great Team. Awesome Management. Good Sales Experience. Management makes learning on the job interesting.","Financial Sales Consultant - Switcher","Former Employee","Ashburn, VA","November 6, 2013","5.0"
"Diverse work environment; good core values","Great opportunities to learn. Good community involvement as a company","Software Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 6, 2013","4.0"
"productive work place","Balance currency, coin, and checks in cash drawers at ends of shifts, and calculate daily transactions using computers, calculators, or adding machines. Cash checks and pay out money after verifying that signatures are correct, that written and numerical amounts agree, and that accounts have sufficient funds. Receive checks and cash for deposit, verify amounts, and check accuracy of deposit slips. Examine checks for endorsements and to verify other information such as dates, bank names, identification of the persons receiving payments and the legality of the documents. Enter customers' transactions into computers in order to record transactions and issue computer-generated receipts. Count currency, coins, and checks received, by hand or using currency-counting machine, in order to prepare them for deposit or shipment to branch banks or the Federal Reserve Bank.","bank teller","Current Employee","Gladwyne, PA","November 6, 2013","5.0"
"Very Diverse","Love the people I work with however there isn't a defined policy. It's like they make it up as they go along.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","November 5, 2013","3.0"
"Flexability to balance work and home life","A typical day consists of working daily reports sent by management, following up with attorneys via email and telephone communications in regards to foreclosure actions, keep open line of communication with various departments within the company to obtain necessary information to move forward with foreclosure.","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 5, 2013","3.0"
"Sales driven, fun environment, commission with high turn over.","Assist multiple Loan Officers with VA, FHA and Conventional Purchase and Refi loan transactions. Have direct and constant communication with the Borrower, Realtors, Underwriters and Loan Processors throughout the loan process from set-up to closing. Order appraisals, credit reports, title and insurance. Process Closing Letters as directed by Loan Officer.","Loan Officer Assistant","Former Employee","O'Fallon, IL","November 5, 2013","4.0"
"Current","I have a job and I can feed my family. In the end, its not what you got but what you gave, not what you bought, but what you built. Family is all that matters.","Senior Tech Implementation Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 5, 2013","3.0"
"Competitive, cohesive environment, which coached success through partnerships.","Managed team of 16 Relationship Managers (Net Assets: $645,000,000) in the territory covering Central Maryland. Managed all sales activities and results of a team of 16 Relationship Managers. Responsible for collaborating with all retail department market managers, to maintain success, through partnerships, that enhances profitability and growth.","Private Client Group Team Manager","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 4, 2013","4.0"
"Great culture"," this bank has a great culture for recruiting those wanting to excel and do things right.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","November 4, 2013","3.0"
"Great Group of People","I very much enjoyed the people and customers that I worked with. We were constantly adding new products and procedures to improve life for our customers and our day to day work environment.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Baltimore Md","November 4, 2013","4.0"
"Wonderful place to work!","They work with your schedule! Great job for someone wanting a career in fine jewelry.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2013","5.0"
"amazing company with plenty of good moral!","account opening and reviews. establishing relationships with clients to build trust and moral. self educating on changes and advancements within the financial industry. I have learned how to handle 'big box' store duties and responsibilities, while in a small box store. my co workers aren;t as 'for the team' as i am the hardest part of the job is........ (there isn't one in my opinion). and in conclusion the most enjoyable part of my day is knowing a clients name and situation and them remembering your name after weeks if not months of not being there on an every day basis","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Towson MD","November 4, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work, culture and benefits","Great management and opportunities for advancement. Position has structure but day to day activities constantly change which keeps the job enjoyable.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Wauwatosa, WI","November 3, 2013","5.0"
"inbound customer service","inbound customer service helping customer with their mortgage making payments reviewing and ordering loan documents","Document Specialist","Former Employee","jacksonville, fl","November 1, 2013","3.0"
"Fast paced branch lacks competent management","The work itself is alright. The management team is inept. The amount of work required does not match the pay. I learned a lot in working independently. Basic days include greeting customers and daily transactions.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 1, 2013","3.0"
