4600,"fun workplace","As far as my department it was like the blind leading the blind, busy all the time and under staffed.I learned a lot working there. Management didn't like you asking questions. My co-workers they were fun to work with. The most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with fellow co-workers and different clients.","Mail clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 17, 2016","3.0"
4601,"Good people and tons of overtime","A typical day at my job consists of getting to my computer and clocking in also bringing up all the systems we use to locate people in our date base. Once thats done we log into the phone and start taking calls to help people with either fraud or disputes on their credit cards. I learned a lot about credit cards and also a lot about different disputes and their reasons. My coworkers were amazing and great people to be around.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","March 16, 2016","3.0"
4602,"Productive, interesting work place,","Busy high call volume call center taking calls all day. I learned how to work with several programs. Co-workers were great! The hardest part of the job was explaining Escrow Most enjoyable part of the job was the people","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","March 15, 2016","5.0"
4603,"Great learning environment","Tons of experience in a short time, but you are not compensated well High turn over, currently at 80%. In most branches you will have to work until 12:15 on Saturdays. The co- workers are great, I made life friends here Most managers are insightful and understanding. Good benefits, flexible vacation, 401 K. The hardest part of the job is keeping up with everything you have to do and dealing with changes constantly. There are so many ways to mess up and people are let go a lot for mistakes.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Lexington, KY 40507","March 15, 2016","3.0"
4604,"productive workplace","Setting appointments for customers to conduct a review at their local branch. Also this job provides the opportunity to work with great people and make great friends with co-workers.","Multi-Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 15, 2016","4.0"
4605,"Great Place to work","Big bank with a small bank feel. Easy to move up in the company and everyone is extremely helpful in helping you to do so. The girls I worked with are hardworking and great coworkers. Management can use some tweeking but you have to make the most of your situation.","Occasional lead","Current Employee","Indiana, PA","March 14, 2016","5.0"
4606,"Behind the times","The company doesn't focus on the things that are important and treats there employees like children who need threatened with punishment to perform. The needs of clients have changed and this company does not keep up with the way people choose to do business and the employees are left making up the difference.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Chardon, OH","March 14, 2016","3.0"
4607,"good work place with good management and coworkers","A typical work day involves making and receiving phone call to and from customers who have gotten behind on their payments and need assistance. I review their information for accuracy, update any that might require it. Answer any questions pertaining to the situation, do any research that might be needed and follow up with the customer as well as find a mutual resolution for the customer and the bank. I have obtained better leadership skills,have learned to offer better customer service,to be more engaging, and to have superb attention to detail. We follow a lot of federal and industry guidelines and regulations so attention to detail and confidentiality becomes second nature. Hardest part of the job is dealing with the constant changes on rules/regulations from management that sometimes contradicts its self. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers, supervisors and the satisfaction that you get from knowing that you have helped someone in some aspect and that you have hopefully educated them to some degree.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 13, 2016","4.0"
4608,"High turnover at branch level. Poor training, misleading salary and incentive information.","Careful with accepting offers here. Ask for past history of incentives at branch you will be working at. Very misleading.","Financial Specialist II","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","March 13, 2016","2.0"
4609,"Consuming and ever-changing demands.","For my home life, the 1030am-730pm schedule, 7 days a week is just not practical. The days off change every week, as do the job duties and requirements. I have always been very adaptive to any occupation in my life, however the lack of consistency, and lack of apparent advancement opportunities have me feeling less than motivated to pursue further positions within the company. In addition to these cons, I felt somewhat misled about the job description during the interview process. I made significant sacrifices to accept the position and My direct management, and team members however, are the reason I have stayed on-board and continued to persevere. There are certainly some incredible people that do great work here, however, the business model, and overall job do not bring out the best in me, nor challenge my abilities.","Finance Consultant","Current Employee","New Jersey","March 11, 2016","3.0"
4610,"Great Work Life Balance","Many opportunities to grow within the bank, while working with experienced and quality people who do not foster a cut-throat environment in the slightest.","Asset Management Group","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 10, 2016","5.0"
4611,"Workplace was in a positive environment, there was activities for employees when they got a little stressed out","A typical work day was going into work at 9:00 am, going into my workspace, logging into my computer, checking my email, also to see if I had to finish any work that was left undone from the previous day. We would attend the daily stand-up meeting, where we would discuss about the work we did yesterday, what we doing today, and is there anything that is preventing us to do our work further. I had a great team to work with, we communicated very well and got along. I enjoyed being a tester, and tested the application till I broke it, I have the tester to break attitude where I would find a bug in the application before the functionality was pushed into the next environment","Mobile Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 10, 2016","4.0"
4612,"Team of Analysts","Structured Team Environment i.e. BA, Developer, Architect, QA Manager and QA Analysts Worked in Agile environment by using 2 week sprints in SIT, UAT with a 3 week sprint with Prod Fix 1 week and Production.","Senior","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","March 10, 2016","4.0"
4613,"Great company overall","Great company as far as structure goes and making you feel like they care about you individually. The catch though is if you make one small mistake they will not hesitate you let you go.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","March 9, 2016","4.0"
4614,"Productive place to work","Great staff, learned a lot regarding Fair Debt Collections Practices Act (FDPCA). And other Federal programs (ie. HARP), designed to assist homeowners.","Collections Supervisor II","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 9, 2016","5.0"
4615,"what I have learnd","I learned the ins and out of refreshing and imagining , reimagining , software deployment and banking system setup for tellers/management.","PC Technician","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","March 9, 2016","5.0"
4616,"nice management, need better pay"," this bank like any other bank provides no work/life balance. Very inflexable. Though it is a large company, there is very little room to move upward in the company. Management positions are held for a very long time, so it only leaves lateral moves with a very small raise if any. Commission for sales could be better to supplement the low pay grades.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Akron, OH","March 7, 2016","2.0"
4617,"Internal channel management in a fast paced, results driven organization","A typical day for me was driving 90% of the time, visiting a select group of retail bank branches to educate branch employees on the features and benefits of this bank Wealth Management. During these conversations, I helped to identify the right customers who could benefit, and provided conversational techniques that could be used to refer branch customers to Wealth Management. Often I made outbound calls directly and met with customers. Throughout my career I created sales training materials that were effective in these activities. In addition, I created reports to measure progress toward sales goals, and analyze bottlenecks in the sales process. These reports tracked the value of the pipeline, number of referrals, and tracked closed sales. My role was to act as a liaison between Wealth Management and the Retail Bank, to resolve issues regarding awarded incentives for closed sales, recognize successes and support the Wealth Management sales team. As the most tenured in my role, I was often called upon to create new processes and train other employees in my similar role. I helped to set sales goals each year. I partnered with Marketing to create and implement sales educational materials that were used companywide, and recommended sales processes and strategies to senior management. This is a fast-paced organization with very aggressive sales goals. High energy, flexible individuals would be the most suitable candidates for employees at this bank."," this bank Wealth Management","Former Employee","Bridgewater and Princeton, NJ","March 7, 2016","5.0"
4618,"Managing"," this bank is a great place to work. I enjoy what the company does for the staff and I love working for the same company for the past 23 years but I am looking for a change to use my Human Resource Degree.","Department Supervisor","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 6, 2016","3.0"
4619,"Work/life is promoted extremely well","The company supports and promotes work life program extremely well. I would recommend employment workiing working mom and single family households.","Sales Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2016","4.0"
4620,"Good","Very professional environment, very competent colleagues, great customers. I learnt a lot about the challenges of working in a retail banking environment. the hardest part of the job is achieving your goals flawlessly. the most enjoyable part is the compensation and interaction with some colleagues.","Banking Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Hillsborough, CA","March 4, 2016","4.0"
4621,"all aspects of the branch","Having good rapport with clients. Doing what is right by the client. Having conversations and knowing my client. Selling of banks products, and finding the client's needs","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","March 4, 2016","4.0"
4622,"Meet the needs of customers.","Universal banker, multitasking between teller, customer service and platform desk on a daily basis. Learned how to cross sell bank products to customers, with the support of management on a daily basis. Co workers were stressed to meet their quarterly goals. Hardest part of job was not being able to move up from current position, after three years of employment.","Branch Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Newfoundland, PA","March 3, 2016","2.0"
4623,"service","the management changed to frequently. and not supported at times, goals were to strong at times even when clientele was very slow.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","March 2, 2016","3.0"
4624,"productivity, fun, friendly enviornment","a typical day at this bank can be very fun and busy as the public can be in and out of the branches. Customers are nice and friendly when coming into the branch to do regular banking transactions, however you can have a few hard customers to work with, The working environment in general is family oriented and enjoyable to be around with the staff, We all help each other out daily.","Teller","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","March 1, 2016","4.0"
4625,"great team player","helping peers understand day to day tasks. peer assisted coac works well with other team playe able to work in a fast past environment","Investment Servicing Senior","Current Employee","Westboro, MA","March 1, 2016","1.0"
4626,"Not a career","It's an okay job... it's very mind numbing, and the pay isn't that great. You get federal holidays off and sundays which is nice.","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","February 29, 2016","2.0"
4627,"Training was thorough and ongoing","Senior Management assigned new tasks and were very thorough about training. There were tasks that were time sensitive and it was sometimes challenging to work with that time frame","Word Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 29, 2016","5.0"
4628,"its never enough for this bank","pay is bad, work is non stop. have to work 6days straight to get 36 hours. 3-4 hour shifts is a joke in my opinion. Managers are asking to always due more","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Thurmont, MD","February 28, 2016","1.0"
4629,"Would've Rather Sold Myself on Street Corner","This was hands down the worst place I have ever worked at in my life. Employees were angry, unmotivated, complained constantly and were full of drama. The weasly manager was too busy with his thumbs up his rear to care. The work environment is full of hormonal women out to eat each other alive. No breaks were allowed, you had to always come in early and stay late, often were unable to leave for lunch, and deal with angry coworkers and customers. Severely under-staffed, underpaid branch. AVOID.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Bourbonnais, IL","February 25, 2016","1.0"
4630,"Typical Banking Place"," this bank is a good place to break into the banking field. The culture is very conservative where many people hold personal agendas and are uncomfortable with any younger professionals. The work was monotonous. It was not encouraged to investigate new ways to complete items, nor was welcomed to ask 'why?' Management made decisions based on their personal opinion of a person rather than the quality of the work. Dealing with the culture was difficult but I made some of the closest friends I could imagine.","International Trade Service Analyst I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2016","3.0"
4631,"Confused Workers","I was on contract for windows 7 upgrade. The manager in charge had no clue what was going on. He left a contract worker in charge. The main goal was to do minimum work to keep the contract going. I was never given my own credentials to log in to the bank machines. I had to log in with co workers credentials. It seemed like most of the team was faking to make it.","Windows 7 migration team","Former Employee","Cleveland ohio","February 25, 2016","1.0"
4632,"Great job for customer service","If you have ever worked in customer service and sales, this is a great way to get into a M-F, 8-5 type of job. Tellers make a bonus based on referrals for other bank products. Also, for scores based on calls to customers to rate their experience. Nice hours, good pay, great benefits, are a plus!","Teller","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","February 24, 2016","4.0"
4633,"Enjoy working for a corporate company; very fast pace and many changes.","I have been employed with this bank for the past 15 years and throughout my years I had multiple positions within this bank. I began my career with bank N Bank back in 2001 until the merger with this bank NA. I enjoy working at this bank however, I feel its time for a change.","Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 24, 2016","3.0"
4634,"Great Place to Work"," this bank, is a great company to work for. It has one of the best stock prices for a financial sector for the five years. I have learned a lot about the banking industry while working for this bank for the last eight years. I have also, grown as a person while working there. I was just out of college, when I first started to work for this bank. I was not sure of what I wanted my career to be, but while thinking that I was being promoted almost every year with this bank. I have had a great career thus far, but I would also like to learn more about myself.","AVP","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","February 23, 2016","5.0"
4635,"Customer care rep","I love my job. I connect with customer and coworkers.The most enjoying part about the job is the customer. I love helping them and hearing some of their stories.","Customer care rep","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","5.0"
4636,"Flexible schedules and employee empowerment","All good employees can make a difference in the company. They will give you a lot of responsibility if you request it. Management does listen to how employees believe something can be done better.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","5.0"
4637,"Ok","The company has its struggles in the mortgage department. I believe they can do a better job with associate work life balance.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Miramar, FL","February 23, 2016","3.0"
4638,"bank customer service rep./teller","basic teller duties: wait on customers, process their deposits, withdrawls, selling cashiers checks money orders, travelers checks, gift cards, redeem bonds, and sell bonds. As well as process, balance and fill ATMs, night drop contents, letting customers in safe deposit boxes, answer phones and selling credit cards, loans and deposit accounts. ordering money, receiving shipment of currency and coin. sole control of branch cash including coin and sole control of ATM, night drop, main vault keys and combinations. I wasn't always head and senior teller. it was during my 21 years there at bank N Bank/ this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 23, 2016","4.0"
4639,"Poor direct management","I had to help others on my team with less experience due to our direct managers lack of leadership. I was constantly answering questions of my co-workers which took time away from my responsibilities.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 23, 2016","3.0"
4640,"Productive work environment","From the start of the business day to the close of business there is a constant flow of work production. The ability to multi task is essential. Policy and procedures are updated on a regular basis and one must be able to comprehend and adapt the new policy and procedures into the daily flow of work. The management staff has a open door policy and make it possible for all employees to bring ideas and concerns to the table. Our co workers are not just team members, we are more like family. The hardest part of the day is the day immediate changes must implemented and uncertainty arises but we do have a excellent supporting staff to assists. Team huddles are a enjoyable part of the day. This is when the teams come together and review previous day work numbers and give shout outs and offer encouragement for the day.","Senior Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 22, 2016","4.0"
4641,"its a job","I call attorneys. I train new people. postpone sales. my co workers are great. its hard to move up and make more money. ive learned a lot about mortgages. the dos and don'ts when you are ready for mortgage. ive met great people","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 22, 2016","3.0"
4642,"Overall Good place to work","There was opportunity to grow especially if you are willing to relocate. They have several different locations you can work at in Ohio.","Management Accounting Cost Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 21, 2016","4.0"
4643,"An ok place if you are into sales and a lot of work","Decent place to work, although they are very big on sales and can throw a lot of work and responsibilities at you it's ok. Banking everywhere has changed they expect every customer that walks in to open several bank accounts and at times it can be overwhelming and not realistic. And tend to put a lot of pressure on the employees.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 19, 2016","3.0"
4644,"Great entry level customer service call center position","A typical work day consist of taking anywhere between 60-110 calls per day regarding account products and services. It can be a very stressful environment to work in if you are not use to a high call volume call center. Ive learned there is so much more to banks than checking and savings accounts. Learning how a bank account, loan, mortgage and credit cards actually work is knowledge that you can take with you for the rest of your life.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2016","3.0"
4645,"doesn't pay enough"," this bank overworks and underpays you. Not much room for you to move up and when you do, they try not to increase your salary. The management is also poor.","Funding Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 18, 2016","3.0"
4646,"Small bank branch","Small bank branch and no room for advancement. Co-workers were helpful. Good place as a first job. Was fun working with customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, NJ","February 17, 2016","3.0"
4647,"Good place to work but no tamazing","Good place to work at but not amazing,,,benefits and compensation are pretty much standard ..with the industry not super competitive...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 16, 2016","3.0"
4648,"fun working here","Interesting people to work with.Too much of Hispanic orientation in my branch. this bank need to expand its customer base. Learn t a lot about financing.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","February 16, 2016","4.0"
4649,"Great People","Great Co -Workers, Fast paced working environment. Customer's ar are coming in and would like to be taken care of as quickly as possible with accuracy.","Teller","Current Employee","Dallas, PA","February 15, 2016","4.0"
