4550,"this bank gave me the opportunity to grow as an employee.","I begin each day by greeting my manager and co-workers. We are a close knit, diverse team of talented individuals. I strongly believe in starting the day on a positive note. I arrive early in order to make sure that I'm logged on and ready to start on time. I listen to my voicemail messages and then respond to any emails that were sent to me after business hours. My job title can be listed as Business Banking Collector, Default Specialist, Business Banking Customer Service Rep, or Special Assets Coordinator. All of these titles are equally correct. My job is much more than just calling people who haven't paid their bills on time. I work with small business owners on a daily basis. These people care deeply about their banking relationships. They must be treated with the utmost respect, in order to ensure a healthy and mutually beneficial business relationship. I always give my clients the benefit of the doubt. I investigate the cause of delinquency before contacting anyone. I check loan agreements, branch notes, customer service notes and all recent payment transactions. A big part of my job is to fix bank errors before they become customer irritations. There are many variables at play when investigating delinquency. Adjustments are a positive alternative to collection calls. As a courtesy, I always contact the client's Relationship Manager in order to make them aware of the necessary adjustments. However, there are times when the client is simply not able to make a payment. People react to the stress differently. Some clients lash out at the bank, but others simply ask for help. - more...","Special Asset Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2016","4.0"
4551,"Great Place to work","I learned to sell and talk with customer to see hat their personal need was as far as banking. it more to bank teller then just cashing and depositing check. you have a change to move up in the company by knowing the company","bank teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 8, 2016","4.0"
4552,"Higher management don't care","Terrible place to work. It is not about what you know its about who you know. You can be the best candidate for a job but if the upper management just like somebody more then you. to bad so sad.","Teller Supervisor I","Former Employee","Berkley","April 7, 2016","3.0"
4553,"Horrible","Horrible place of business . They give you hours over the phone once u get hired on they hours change they stick with an all day shift with no support.","Credit Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 6, 2016","1.0"
4554,"productive and always a positive attitude","I learned there are so many different personalities and different cultures in a work environment that not just work is the learning experience. You learn how to work with other personalities some that don't want to work and how to make it enjoyable to help them enjoy work too. Make every day a positive day to give someone else a brighter and more enjoyable day.","bank teller","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","April 6, 2016","5.0"
4555,"great place","great place to work and the people at the job are all great people and managers. Best part about the job is helping customers and there financial needs.","Multi-Channel","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 5, 2016","5.0"
4556,"Good work Place","It was a good place to work. it was just to slow. because so many competing banks was so close near by. good co-workers, good manager, good overall company.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","April 5, 2016","3.0"
4557,"Prcessing Customers Request","> Process Bank Transaction > Answering Phones calls > Open and closing account > updating > Also assisting with promotion of new business","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 4, 2016","4.0"
4558,"this bank","Multitasking on a day to day basis. Work at a fast pace but with zero errors. Learned how to manage files and records, work with numerous computer screens at once. View a customer financial needs in a way that we can benefit them. The hardest part of the job is making sure the customers are satisfied with wait time considering the bank the short staffed. The most enjoyable part is connecting with the customers on a personal basis.","Teller II","Current Employee","Lumberton, NC","April 4, 2016","3.0"
4559,"Opportunity to make a lot of money","I don't have anything bad to say about any company, However, I also have nothing good to say about this one. The management seems to be very negative. Instead of telling us 'you should know this' the managers should have pointed us all in the right direction, hence the reason there is only 2 out of the 10 people left from training. Training platform was very poorly setup. Without support from our managers it was hard to succeed. a lot of us did not wait around for that to happen. Great location but a bad group of mentally unstable people who just do happened to become managers.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","April 4, 2016","2.0"
4560,"location was simply not ideal","i believe i would have had a different experience working for the company if i had been under better, more helpful management.","branch teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 4, 2016","2.0"
4561,"productive, ambitious and willing to learn new things.. I love to work with people..","My day to day life is very exciting... I learn new things everyday and am willing to learn more... I feel that the biggest investment that a person is going to make is purchasing a home... I give my all and am hands on with my clients... I take my job to heart and am there for them at all times even if it's after hours or on the weekend...","Loan Officer Assistant","Current Employee","Mount Prospect, IL","April 4, 2016","5.0"
4562,"Great place to work","Answering calls daily. Everyone you work with is very easy going. Very flexible and the company truly understands the meaning of family/work balance.","CUSTOMER CARE CENTER","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 3, 2016","5.0"
4563,"Very supportive, collaborative, empowering place to work","Very flexible work environment with opportunity to work remotely. Work life balance and health improvement are very important. Our team was fairly independent and a very friendly collegial group. People company wide care about each other a lot. We had regular celebrations of birthdays, work anniversaries, holidays, no-need-for-an-excuse soup days, pi(e) days, international food days. I had the opportunity to learn new skills in high end IBM storage virtualization, and to see the affects of storage tuning on the application environment. The company is striving to stay at the cutting edge of technology to maintain very high levels of system availability, customer satisfaction, internal user support, and to reduce costs.","SAN Administrator","Current Employee","Riverdale, MD","April 3, 2016","5.0"
4564,"Great place","Great place to work. They care about their employees. Keep employees informed of business progress. Their room for advancement.","Enterprise Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Oak Brook, IL","April 2, 2016","5.0"
4565,".","Great place to work, really enjoyed working for this company. Everyone is very friendly and you are always learning and moving up.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","April 2, 2016","5.0"
4566,"Good company with multiple advancement opportunities","I do enjoy my job, however, I feel that I am not compensated fairly nor given proper merit increases on an annual basis. I have been a loyal employee with this company for fifteen years. I have assisted both employees and customers through multiple changes such as the introduction of online banking, a major company acquisition, migrating transactions to innovative methods of banking tools, as well as many other corporate changes affecting branch banking. I love the fast paced environment that is different everyday. I have helped to develop an amazing team that makes work an enjoyable place to be. I absolutely hate to leave but wish to be compensated for what I feel is my fair value as a marketable employee.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Avon, IN","April 1, 2016","4.0"
4567,"I've worked for this bank for 25 years and enjoy working with my co-workers & feel that I have a fair boss,","Considering the above, recent corporate structure changes have made me seriously consider leaving this bank. While at this bank, I have gained a lot of knowledge and experience.","Investment Officer","Current Employee","Erie, PA","March 31, 2016","3.0"
4568,"this bank","My position is quite laid back and intense. However, there is no room for development and lack of management. I learned that in order to move ahead I need to leave.","Consumer Support Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 31, 2016","4.0"
4569,"Love their customers, but don't value their employees","They love their customers but they do not value their employees at all there is 0 room for growth and development with his company they prefer to hire outside the company for open positions instead of promoting from within. They take advantage of their employees and management treated like a number","CSA","Current Employee","Archdale, NC","March 30, 2016","3.0"
4570,"You are just a number and management does not care about you","I worked 7 years for this bank and they do not care about the work life balance of their employees nor do they care about their employees.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Ohio","March 30, 2016","2.0"
4571,"Great place to work for","Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence. Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","March 29, 2016","5.0"
4572,"Fun compnay"," this bank is a fun company to work for. They definitely offer room to advance, but they pay very little and their benefits are not great. Vacation time could use a boost and so could medical. Other than that, great place to work!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Royersford, PA","March 28, 2016","5.0"
4573,"Great work Environment"," this bank is a great work place. Management was great. Hours were flexible with my schooling. Co-workers were great. Hardest part was juggling between school and work.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 28, 2016","4.0"
4574,"Great Company to Work For Pro Work Life Balance"," this bank is a great company to work for, they provide ongoing training to ensure their employees are up to date on the latest company's policies and procedures as well as management provide constant feedback and coaching for continued success in their employees job development and advancement.","SPOC III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2016","4.0"
4575,"Fast paced, safe and enjoyable workplace","I come in get my supplies and start working. I learn something new everyday it seems. My co-workers are great with only one exception but that is normal in the work place. There is nothing hard about my job. I love working there but they are down sizing.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 28, 2016","2.0"
4576,"The bank teller is an okay job to have","The job in itself is really not bad . If you have a full staff of people and everybody does there part . this bank just need to take a good look at there management staff and see why people really do not stay long . Overall the company is a nice company .","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Akron, OH","March 28, 2016","3.0"
4577,"Company satisfied with complacency, which permeates culture"," this bank offers a strong sense of work-life balance and accomodating work environment -- at the expense of compensation and benefits. An issues that is well known by those in power, but a taboo topic to discuss. Middle management and upwards usually taken care of well with most of the lower ranks compensated below market rates -- citing 'cost of living' as primary justification. Top talent rarely attracted to the organization, and those that are, take positions primarily for non-work related personal benefits etc.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2016","2.0"
4578,"This was a good place to work.","I enjoyed see the daily customers & it was a great way to meet new people. My co-workers are great people to know. I enjoyed working with them, it was like family.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 26, 2016","4.0"
4579,"Treats Employees like numbers"," this bank does not care about their employees. It is a toxic work environment where managers only care about their own numbers and will fire any one that does not help them advance their career.","Regional Senior Recruiter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 25, 2016","2.0"
4580,"Lack of support","My experience with this bank was as a Summer Intern. I started bright-eyed and bushy tailed like the rest of my peers, constantly asking for feedback and doing the best that I could even though my manager I'd been assigned had passed me off to someone else before my first day even arrived. The hardest part of the job was trying to get my questions answered when there was no one available to answer them, and then being told my work wasn't up to their standards after having a lack of support and feedback like I asked from the beginning. The company culture described to me was friendly and inviting and open to questions, however what I experienced was cut-throat, behind your back, every man for himself attitude. Watching Game of Thrones is one thing, playing it is another.","Transformation Management Office","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 25, 2016","2.0"
4581,"Productive and co-operative environment to work with","As a QA career i was involved in portal testing as well as database testing.As a QA Analyst i attended walk through meetings with BA,Project Managers and QA Leads.I have attended Requirement review meetings and provided feedback to the BA. I checked for correctness,completeness and consistency and testability of the Requirement. Based on the requirements i wrote test cases and executed them. I have logged and managed the defects as they were found using the defect module of HP QC. Once the defect was fixed,retested them and if passed,closed them.If the defect was not fixed then re-opened them. I attended defect assesment meetings. As far as testing is concerned i have performed Intergration testing,Adhoc testing.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 24, 2016","5.0"
4582,"Very Production Driven Environment","I Enjoy working with the people that I work with they make the job that has to be done every day a lot easier to do. I also have managers that are willing to fight on our behalf for the thing that we feel would make our industry better.","Default Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 24, 2016","4.0"
4583,"Great place to work very flexible"," this bank made your work environment very comfortable and enjoyable. You get plenty of space for yourself and others to come and listen to your phone calls as well.","Multi Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 24, 2016","3.0"
4584,"A great company to work for who is focused on their employee's success to ensure business goals are met."," this bank Mortgage is a great company to work for; they values their employees, customers and community relationships, this bank is an organization that offers on-going training and professional growth; a company where you will be part of a strong team and have an impact in the company's overall success.","SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 23, 2016","4.0"
4585,"It is not what it used to be.","It started out great. But after a month the interoffice politics and the adversarial atmosphere they created between the platform and the tellers was ridiculous. Some managers were not professional while the Branch manager was great for the most part. The pay did not make the situation any better for the amount of work they wanted done. Poor planning for new system roll outs and no training on how to handle the back lash. It was a mess. I was even faulted for working 40 hours as a part time employee even though the manager was responsible for scheduling and had asked me repeatedly to stay.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 22, 2016","1.0"
4586,"A Typical day at this bank on my position as Relationship Manager was one hectic day every day because my area dealt with loans that were in default","A Typical day at this bank on my position as Relationship Manager was one hectic day every day because my area dealt with loans that were in default.","Underwriter","Former Employee","1600 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103","March 22, 2016","5.0"
4587,"Productive place to work","I learn everything about all the procedures you need to follow to work in a bank and run transactions. The best ways to ensure your safety and the safety of the clients as well. I also learned how to manage situations where you have a lot of customers to take care of in a short period of time and be attentive with each one. I think that work for a bank is one of the best ways to learn and improve your customer service.","Teller","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, GA","March 21, 2016","4.0"
4588,"horrible company to work for","Do not waste your time or efforts with this company. They could care less about you as an employee and expect you to sell sell sell!!! Its very hard to sell for a company that you feel so horribly about! The management is very poor and I really don't understand how they ever got their positions","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Calcutta, OH","March 21, 2016","1.0"
4589,"It was a great job.","Enjoyed working there. Division was sold to BNY Mellon. The pay and benefits were decent. My co-workers were great. Management cared about there employees.","Tax Analyst Supervisor","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 21, 2016","4.0"
4590,"this bank","Great business and I've grown a lot within the organization. They do needs better security and wish they can attend the needs to help all the branches in all the regions.","Customer Serivce Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 21, 2016","3.0"
4591,"Could be better","The big company that treats you like a number not a person. Good Place to get experience, but not a place to stay. They provide the tools you need to advance with in the company but that's it.","Service desk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2016","3.0"
4592,"Bank with great techology","Great bank to work for and only getting better. Management doesn't really care about how you make your goals as long as it gets done at the end of the day.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","March 20, 2016","4.0"
4593,"financial sales","great company great people. Hours are in the middle of the day, scheduled 5 days a week open to close. work almost every weekend","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hackensack, NJ","March 20, 2016","5.0"
4594,"Not as nice as before"," this bank used to be a wonderful place to work. The people were great to work with and the atmosphere was pleasant. That is no longer the case. My last manager was a good person but the culture of this bank was cold and unpleasant.","Financial Offier - Project Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2016","3.0"
4595,"Good work environment"," this bank is a good work environment. An average day consist of calling on realtors and my bank branch partners and meeting with customers who want to get approved to buy a home.","Home Mortgage Consultant","Current Employee","Birmingham, AL","March 20, 2016","3.0"
4596,"Productive, lots and lots to learn, fun working place with team","I work with the File processing in ACH department. As I work with the ACH its lot of knowledge to get, its lot of researching, which I like more. We work as a team. I use excel, powerpoint, Microsoft office a lot.","FUNDS TRANSFER ANALYST REPRESENTATIVE III","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 18, 2016","5.0"
4597,"If you are not in upper management they treat like so poorly!!","If you are not in upper management they treat like so poorly!! On a monthly basis it changes from getting a good CIQ to clicking insight to multi channel calls. No one is ever satisfied with anything. Ive been here several years and ive gotten one pay raise which was nothing to get excited about.","Sales and service associate","Current Employee","PA","March 18, 2016","3.0"
4598,"ios development is easily handeled","its a good company to use our skills and work development.all collegues are good to be a team player .management is cooperative with all team leads and members.","IOS Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 18, 2016","4.0"
4599,"Great Company","Great environment and company has a focus on the customer.. great for starting out but advancement is not always coached to","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Tuscaloosa, AL","March 18, 2016","5.0"
