1350,"Leadership has no clue","I was making monthly incentive and when you got on the list for CD REVIEW you were on your way out thats what happened in march 2019 they let go 25% of there workforce just when business was picking up?? Now all the other employees are working long hours and MANDATORY OT.. REALLY WHAT HAPPENED TO A WORK LIFE BALANCE??","senior loan closing analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 8, 2019","3.0"
1351,"this bank Is an excellent company to work for","Although I was in a contractor role, this bank was an excellent company to work for. Friendly atmosphere and the company has many core values that are employee focused, including work and life balance. I would highly recommend!","Risk Consultant","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","August 8, 2019","5.0"
1352,"This is a sales position.","I was sold a completely different job at the interview. The promise was made of quick advancement and easy bonuses, none of which was true. They will tell you it's not a sales position, but it is. Training is minimal before they turn you loose in the branch. You wind up calling for support more often than you'd like, making your customer doubt your service.","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","August 7, 2019","2.0"
1353,"Processor","I've been Processing for just over 3 years however, was never really trained to process and/or knowledgeable about the products & services, which with speaking to the borrowers would greatly help, however this does require time to educate all processors for a better customer experience and the maximum loans a processor should have is 30 in a pipe, in order to meet customer & company expectations","Loan Processor II","Current Employee","Antofagasta","August 7, 2019","4.0"
1354,"thankgiving pot party","every coworkers would cook or bring a dish from home and be thankful for having a excellent teams and for hitting our goals. We also help each other for solving a customer issues.","FINANCIAL ADVISOR","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 7, 2019","3.0"
1355,"Good for new and/or career bankers"," this bank goes out of their way to set their new hires up for success in banking, be they career bankers or just starting out in the industry. Always doing right by the client is the cornerstone of working for this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Current Employee","Vernon, NJ","August 7, 2019","4.0"
1356,"All Bank Operations","Doing everything to run a branch and all operations while managing and coaching all the employees. Assist clients, read reports, analyze reports and trends to help improvement of sales.","Staff Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 7, 2019","2.0"
1357,"Highly driven financial institution"," this bank is a forward thinking financial institution with upward movement in relationship to the various other large banks of the nation. this bank prides itself with great work/life balance.","AML Investigations Senior Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2019","3.0"
1358,"An okay place to work","Days would sometimes be long, and management seemed to make you want to do way more than a loan officer would need to. I feel that we would end up processing a lot of the process, and many times having to calculate things ourselves instead of getting help from underwriting.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 6, 2019","3.0"
1359,"Inviting community and coworkers"," this bank is an excellent bank to learn about the financial industry for someone with no experience. Excellent customer service for clients, great work-life balance, incentives, etc. Sales goals can sometimes be unrealistic. Regional Manager focuses on weaknesses and missed opportunities without congratulating strengths and accomplishments. I used to love my branch and the clients and I wanted to advance with them, but they make it impossible to get a promotion. If you are willing to put years of service into one branch, this is the job for you! If you are looking to grow with an organization, then it's possible but only if your are willing to relocate with every step.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Chapel Hill, NC","August 5, 2019","4.0"
1360,"No work/life balance and management is cliquey","If you enjoy no work/life balance and 'management' that rewards brown nosing, apply. They are hands down the WORST company I've ever had the displeasure working at. I cannot think of one positive thing to say. Training is horrible, and they penalize you for going past break and lunch to help the customer.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 5, 2019","1.0"
1361,"Great place to start your career","There is potential for a wonderful career for the right person. You must enjoy a highly regulated industry with strict policies and procedures. Management is set in their ways leaving very little room for improvement on processes. Co-workers and benefits are the best part of the job.","Support Representative II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 4, 2019","4.0"
1362,"Diverse workplace with many different projects","Usually the day will begin with a daily standup meeting to set goals for the day and review what has been done. Then the day will begin in earnest with a mix of development work and possibly more meetings to discuss requirements and work through outside obstacles. The hardest part of the job is that there are multiple layers of permissions to acquire so the start of the job is very slow.","Java Web Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 4, 2019","3.0"
1363,"Horrible Management","When you're hired for a job you EXPECT to do that job right?? Well that's not how this bank looks at things. I understand that you have to help out with certain things but when you don't get the proper training and then you're thrown out to the wolves is terrible. When you take the proper steps to discuss it you will get blackballed","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 4, 2019","3.0"
1364,"Great culture.","A great company with excellent culture to work for that takes employee career development serious. Employees are great and fun to work with. Good work/life balance.","Development Program Analyst","Current Employee","Maryland","August 3, 2019","4.0"
1365,"Great place to work","Productive and fun place to work at. Everyone was really easy going and super nice. It was a great experience. The management is really strict but they push you to do your best.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lorain, OH","August 3, 2019","5.0"
1366,"Treasury Management Client Care","Wonderful Job all around. Management kept things running smoothly while making it feel fun. They just need to pay more and provide better benefits and no one would ever leave.","Treasury Management Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 3, 2019","5.0"
1367,"Good first job with no degree requirement","It's a sales job. You have goals and you're pressured to meet them. Hours are flexible but I always drew the short end of the stick. Working every holiday and most weekends. I'd get maybe 1 off a month. I've gone through 3 managers, going on 4 in less than a year. 2 of the managers were terrible. Absolutely terrible.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","August 2, 2019","2.0"
1368,"Great company to work for","The problem with most large corporations is that you only as good as the people above you and if you have bad local management making poor decisions, effects the hiring and quality of workers which in turn diminishes the ability to do your job correctly.","NMLS","Current Employee","Bonita Springs, FL","August 2, 2019","4.0"
1369,"Depends completely on management.","How the job functioned depended on communication and management. Very poor management at this location. Head teller would tell you one thing and branch manager would say another. Manager would assume you knew things and not tell you about changes, like alter your work schedule the day before. It gets very busy and there is no one to help you a lot of the time. Very stressful, there were never enough employees, because they would quit over the stress.","Teller","Former Employee","Lumberton, NJ","August 2, 2019","2.0"
1370,"Best place to work in Pittsburgh","While you have to seek out your own advancement opportunities, the company culture and compensation is the best in the Pittsburgh area for large employers.","Program Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2019","4.0"
1371,"My team was the best but the rest was a nightmare","I worked for this bank a little over 2 years. In the first 6 months I could tell the managements was trash. When I took a dif position I was targeted to get fired. My cases were being audited when no one else on the team was. All of my mis steps were brought to light, until they found something that could get me fired. My last paycheck was stolen from this bank as they made up some bogus reason as to why they docked my pay.","Retail Escalation Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 1, 2019","1.0"
1372,"Great place to work.","I have responsibility for large, complex and sensitive assigned accounts/portfolio. Process and/or reconcile varied and moderately complex transactions in accordance with established polices and procedures.","COMMERCIAL LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 31, 2019","5.0"
1373,"Encouraging management that was open to new ideas from employees","Atypical day off tax season was working to improve the departments functions, procedures and process to create a more efficient environment and to mitigate risk and provide consistency throughout the department. During tax season it was 6-7 days a week making sure all of the processes where working properly to ensure we could meet all tax deadlines.The culture on my team was one of openness and sharing of ideas to create better processes. The hardest part was making sure the department could meet the strict tax deadlines both internally and the ones placed by the taxing authorities. The most enjoyable part was being part of the leadership team and being able to affect positive change for efficiencies cost savings and mentoring other staff and problem solving issues.","AVP Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 31, 2019","4.0"
1374,"Stay far away","New market manager and regional manager, putting employees Down, high turn over now, leadership is now a dictatorship, better have appointments or else the message literally given to management in retail branches. The requirements of the job daily not realistic. The culture was not like this, every employee is miserable, treated like your not a human. Not worth the salary. They promote employee development but they promote outside the company. Not worth the stress","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Michigan","July 30, 2019","1.0"
1375,"Fast paced intense environment.","The job is high stress but fulfilling. There are many opportunities for advancement. The company places a priority on diversity and inclusion, and work-life balance.","Collections and Recovery Agent","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 30, 2019","5.0"
1376,"Good company","Pay is not up to par Chase pays 18.00 an hour for call center work, but Management is good, monthly insensitive is great I think its up to 850 extra a month super easy to meet goal, customers are pretty easy did not have a lot of angry calls, If you honest with your manager about what is going on personal they will work with you on personal issues going on. Manager will push you in the right direction just let them know your goals. I worked from home they supplied equipment I did have to pay or my own internet which I was given mixed messages on from the start. depending on shift hours can very.","Customer Specialist Tier I Virtual","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 29, 2019","5.0"
1377,"Upper management don't care","They just think clients are right all the time an if u speak ur option u get written up on top of they don't speak for their selfs. I wish i didn't quit because of the money but they stress u out there","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 29, 2019","3.0"
1378,"Big Bank with small bank feeling","The bank has built a culture of small bank homely feeling, while able to be competitive with the bigger banks. Florida does differ from the other this bank Market, while its a newer market; it has excel at rapid rate.","Branch Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Boca Raton, FL","July 29, 2019","4.0"
1379,"Old school banking operation","Solid organization. Going through some system changes right now. I would recommend to individuals looking to grow within the banking world. You can move around fairly easily if you are in the lower level positions.","Operations Manager II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 28, 2019","4.0"
1380,"Awesome Work culture","Want to work for longer time in TCS but sometimes we need to grow and need to take further actions for personal development. Want to work again with this bank in future as full time employee.","ETL Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 27, 2019","5.0"
1381,"Hostile environment. Never work for them again.","Management hostile and discriminatory. For example management brought cake in for everyone to share put it on back counter. I had a soda (closed) put on back counter and was yelled at for it in front of customers. The next day someone else put drink on back counter and nothing said. For whatever reason I was singled out. I also never got a raise in 18 months?","Teller","Former Employee","Edgewater, MD","July 27, 2019","1.0"
1382,"has job security with no autonomy","The culture of this company has become stagnant and is not progressing. It is not a culture where an employee is able to thrive at this time. Hopefully the culture will progress soon","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 27, 2019","1.0"
1383,"Stale growth"," this bank wasn't a bad place to work by any means but biggest complaints would be no salary increases and very little growth opportunity. Management tends to not be engaged with their teams and have very little offer by way of mentorship.","Senior CCAT Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 26, 2019","1.0"
1384,"Not a place to recommend","This is a bank... With a mortgage company. Don't be fooled. There is very little chance this will be a life long move. Could possibly be a good place for someone who is a 2 yr veteran of the industry or perhaps a displaced MLO suck as someone who took a few yrs off for child bearing etc otherwise not recommended","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Berwyn, PA","July 26, 2019","2.0"
1385,"Good people / Poor system","I worked as both an associate and a manager. I enjoyed the camaraderie of the teams and most of the employees. As regulations changed and a new system was brought it, things went south pretty quickly. The system was flawed and it was difficult to keep up with.","AVP Operations Manager","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 25, 2019","3.0"
1386,"Just outgrown","Over 10yrs of my life.... All to be felt unvalued by upper management... Too many things to juggle... Job ever changing. NEVER praised for good work... Constantly told your not doing enough","Manager","Current Employee","Michigan","July 24, 2019","3.0"
1387,"Educational Workplace but lacking flexibilty","Great place to learn new skills as they keep up with technology changes. However the flexible work environment is not very flexible and constantly changes every quarter depending on what new director thinks they know best.","DATA EXPERT","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2019","4.0"
1388,"Great Company","Great company to advance in your career. If you're willing to learn and do things then you're able to advance quickly. Just like any other place.....you get paid for the quality of work you do!","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","July 22, 2019","5.0"
1389,"Good place to start career","I enjoyed working as a Financial Sales Consultant at this bank. It is a fairly good place to work with good benefits for employees. However, in the department, I worked, there were a lot of turnovers.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2019","5.0"
1390,"Horrible experience","Training was the best part. No flexibility with student schedules even though I was reassured by multiple people that wouldn't be an issue during the interview and training period. I had to call in sick once due to strep throat and an ear infection, I had a doctors note. I missed two other days of work due to an out of town funeral and had no access to a phone so I emailed my boss. 4 days later on my next shift I received an email from him stating that I had refused to adhere to company policy. Was fired as soon as I came in and told that the days missed for the funeral would be converted to paid sick leave. After he has been refusing to return my calls after $20 had been deposited into my account I was told by the call center there was nothing anyone could do as he had went against company policy. Livid is an understatement.","Teller","Former Employee","Portage, MI","July 22, 2019","2.0"
1391,"Coworkers were friendly and productive, but I found management's support to be fleeting.","At the onset of my tenure, my manager and senior management above seemed very supportive, forthcoming, and positive. I did not have any previous experience in a banking environment, but everyone seemed much friendlier and more accommodating than I expected. However, I found support to be tenuous when it mattered. Although training was very good, there was not sufficient warnings against job-ending errors and infractions (mine included). In my short time, I've seen experienced tellers, bankers, and advisors forced into retirement and terminated with very thin cause to do so. It can be a nice place to work, but beware.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Ohio","July 22, 2019","3.0"
1392,"well","very good job to have good for promotions and experience the money isn't the best as they are other banks out there that pay more and are better with bonuses","Teller Client Service Asst","Former Employee","Matawan, NJ","July 22, 2019","4.0"
1393,"Disorganized and callous leadership","From the CEO down to departmental managers, the leadership team at this bank is a disorganized disgruntled mess that does NOT care about the non-salaried employees.","Ops","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 22, 2019","2.0"
1394,"Very dedicated to customer service.","Best company I have worked for that is dedicated to employee well being and customer service. Tremendous benefits from Day 1. Company is large opportunity for advancement. Has very Strict Service Requirements for promotion is only downfall I see.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Aurora, IL","July 22, 2019","5.0"
1395,"Management is terrible!","This place is a joke!! There in NO room for advancement!! The management is absolutely terrible, upper management does nothing to support the staff. HR & Ethics is a bunch of bologna. Don't take anything into consideration, automatically sides with the NEWLY employed manager from BOA whom always puts down her employees and talks about them to other employees... one bad customer service survey will put you in the red for the whole year and that is held against you for any raises or promotions! I should know! I had 18 shops! 17 perfect and ONE not!! Can't make them all happy!! But it was held against me and I was told that I needed to make an action plan to better my client experience! Save yourself the headache! My co-workers, including myself dread going to work everyday! It was never like this prior! We all enjoyed the place we worked! The keep hiring BOA manager who is trying to turn this place into BOA!","Banker","Current Employee","Lake Worth, FL","July 21, 2019","3.0"
1396,"Great benefits, but my manager clearly didn't want me to advance","I have only worked here about 5 months but it's an incredibly easy job. I have been told by every coworker that i am the fastest teller to catch on. I talked to my manager about opportunities to advance and at first it was 6 months recommended but not required, then it was required 6 months, then it was 6 months to a year. I just don't like that although she says she succeeds when her staff succeeds she isn't actually doing anything to help that happen. She also tells me it's because I haven't mastered my position but tells me nothing that I can do to fix that. The teller lead is also very petty. She doesn't like doing her job and takes her sweet time greeting drive through, but gets snippy if we don't do it the second it happens. I think she's just insecure with her position because I honestly don't see how she is qualified for it. They promote people who don't follow the rules, but hold people back who have been told that they are the best teller there. It makes no sense. It's a great job if you don't get bored easily and you don't mind not advancing quickly. The benefits are great though and I'm very happy with the multiple health care options and the paid time off.","TELLER","Current Employee","PA","July 21, 2019","4.0"
1397,"Great is you're a Banker...if not, not so great","Great Bank and great organization if you're a banker. Otherwise not a great place to work - lack of resources and leadership for peripheral businesses","Managing Director","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 21, 2019","3.0"
1398,"Classic banking job"," this bank puts a lot of emphasis on work/life balance and several departments allow flexible work schedules. Benefits are competitive, but annual raises are nominal. Typical day at work includes lots of meetings with MIS, different areas of your department, and meetings with internal risk partners.","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 21, 2019","4.0"
1399,"Great company but lots of talk about other employees from superiors","Great to Work for this bank. Just wish that mistakes weren't discussed among employees and instead should be addressed and employee even coached on for better understanding.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 20, 2019","5.0"
