"Great place to work","Great training program, benefits, and management team. The pay could be better but that is really the only downfall. Overall a really enjoyable place to work.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 30, 2018","5.0"
"Good People Bad Management","Overall there are a lot of good people at this bank. Some of the higher up management doesn't have a grasp of what is actually going on. They 'sell' their new products to higher management, and bring in outside workers from prior employment to push their new products along. It's not allowing current employees a chance to learn and grow.","Systems Administrator, Senior - Team Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 30, 2018","3.0"
"Can be fun when your co workers knows the meaning of teamwork","I've learned that working in a bank doesn't mean glamorous, customers can still be unpredictable, 50-50 ratio of rudeness. Some customer can be really friendly.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Greater Washington","October 30, 2018","4.0"
"Enteractive with co-workers and clients","I enjoy banking for the company and assisting the customer. I work as a teller and CSR on the floor. When I asset the customers account and see that a product would benefit them I would explain how it would benefit them as well as the company.","Teller","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","October 30, 2018","5.0"
"Great starting 9-5 job!","I worked for this bank as a teller. I learned how to manage multiple tasks at once, answer phone calls, keep up with policy changes, work with others on tasks, customer service, etc. I've learned a lot that can stat-stuff my resume for other career opportunities. You also have multiple ways to earn extra money through incentives. However, being on the frontline and having to keep up with everything I just mentioned can be a real headache at times. Multiple scenarios and tasks can be thrown at you all at once. The hardest thing for me was learning policy and procedure just for it to change as soon as you get used to it, then having to explain that to a customer. Overall, I loved my time there at this bank. (This review is through the perspective of a young adult with no kids and real responsibilities.)","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Selbyville, DE","October 29, 2018","4.0"
"Freindly and competitive.","During my 16 years with this bank I felt respected for my years of experience and knowledge of the wealth management/trust business and enjoyed interacting with my co-workers on complex issues. Although competitive due to sales goals the atmosphere was always friendly. There were several department head changes during my time but fortunately they were all highly qualified individuals who knew not to micro-managers an already qualified team..","Vice President and Senior Trust Officer","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great work enviroment","Loved working for this company they made it enjoyable to come to work people are very friendly and helpful. Their compensation made sense to the amount of work associated with the job role.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Burke, VA","October 29, 2018","5.0"
"Bad management","The management teams were very mean and rude to employees. They did not follow the hand book as they were supposed to. They had more time to take pictures of employees outfits than to manage the pipelines for the employees.","Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","October 29, 2018","1.0"
"bank","A Tough spot to work for, management plays favorites, no room for advancement unless you are best friends with the manager. Lots of work and not team work to get the job done. Daily routine is set but no room for change.","Global Trades Trade Consultant - OFFICER","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2018","2.0"
"Lots of inexperienced or poor managers, politics & antiquated, slow technology & manual processes","I've worked in several different areas and all have many inconsistent & cumbersome manual processes. And project-related decisions take too long due to the need for multiple levels of management input and approval & key stakeholders don't attend status meetings or read minutes, so r unfamiliar with all the issues & either take weeks to give a final decision or make a rushed decision not taking the necessary time to understand the complexity or consequences of their decisions. PMs r too inexperienced to demand stakeholder attendance. If you speak truth to power (e.g there's no way this work can be done properly in the time given) u will be shunned, criticized by your manager for being negative & not being a 'team player' & will be written up on your annual review. Systemic dysfunction at its worst! Managers love to play Monday night quarterback when something goes wrong never recognizing (or admitting) that they made the final go ahead decision. No support for fresh new ideas or alternative solutions, which is so typical of a large bureaucratic bank. After u start working there, even when u make or exceed expectations, annual increases don't keep up with cost of living. With the keyword being EXPECTATIONS; even when u improve year to year, they will slightly tweek their expectations so as to not give too many 'exceeds' or 'greatly exceeds' ratings as mgr. r limited to only a small % of employees that can be rated 'exceeds' or 'greatly exceeds', so only their buddies & sycophants get that rating. It's a shame as NCB was such a better and more efficient place to work.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland","October 28, 2018","3.0"
"Great benefits","Management culture differs between departments and divisions. Big emphasis in TCOE to outsource all possible positions. After 22 years of service and survival of three acquisitions and one previous outsourcing of entire location in Kalamazoo, Michigan I needed to relocate to be close to my immediate family.","QA Lead Tester for Card Services","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work","This is a great place to work with many opportunities for advancement. Management will back you as much as they can and will help you grow in the company. Good sense of work-life balance as well.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 27, 2018","4.0"
"productive and infromative workoplace","At this bank i was able to procure better knowledge and experience the business world. I was also able to get more experience working with people from different backgrounds.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 26, 2018","4.0"
"Horrible"," this bank was a horrible place to work. The management was rude, condescending and there was minimal training before you were graded and chastised for your poor performance. The pay was far too low for the amount of responsibility employees were given ($11/hr but handling upwards of $300,000 in cash daily). Employees are expected to sell products but never given any training on what this bank has to offer or how those products work, yet you are expected to meet daily, monthly, and quarterly sales goals. Employees are paid commission, but you have to work for the company for at least 6 months before it is paid out, and it is paid out a quarter behind, so you won't see any commission for nearly a year. The company does regular and mandatory performance reviews and goal setting, but no options for advancement are ever given and no raises are ever given. You are given 15 PTO days and 6 separate sick days, but there are stringent guidelines on how PTO can be used and you can only take one full week off per year and can only take 2 long weekends (because you have to work Saturdays in banking). It is absolutely unbearable, and I would NEVER work here again.","ATM TECHNICIAN","Former Employee","Plainfield, IN","October 26, 2018","1.0"
"Compensation is Too Low","Unfortunately, this bank is known for not compensating well and this has been the case with me. The firm has not been generous with either salary increases or bonuses for the past few years.","Vice President - Investment Portfolio Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 25, 2018","3.0"
" this bank mortage"," this bank mortage was a stressful job and felt that you were just another number in the company. management only cares about how many loans you close a month even though you did not have all of the customer's information needed","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2018","2.0"
"typical office job talking to people all day stuck in a cubicle","Typical day at work consisted of coming in logging into your computer and taking phone calls all day. i learned how to service credit and debit card accounts. i didn't really like management being they fired me over a rumor that wasn't true. hardest part of the job was dealing with angry customers. most enjoyable part was working on Sunday being it was really slow on Sunday.","Credit Card Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 25, 2018","3.0"
"Was much much better when it was Midland Loan Services","I enjoyed working for Midland Loan Services. After this bank took over, it became merely a mundane job. No longer bonuses for non-salary positions, very few raises, no day after Thanksgiving off, no vending machines on each floor. Workload basically doubled to the point you were afraid to take a lunch, let alone a vacation or even half a sick day or you would come back to a boat load of emails. Pay was significantly lower compared to the competitors in the area.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","October 24, 2018","2.0"
" this bank people you work with are nice","It is hard to sell products when the traffic in the branches is slow and you see the same customers almost every day and the bank expects you to sell all the time to stressful","Teller customer service","Current Employee","Closter, NJ","October 24, 2018","4.0"
"Stressful atmosphere","Good company , low pay , no ability to grow within . Poor management . Some types of favoritism and discrimination as well . High stress for sales only .","Universal Banker and Relationship Business Banker","Current Employee","Colts Neck, NJ","October 24, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Answer calls from customers about their checking and savings, fees, atm's and deposits. I learned the difference between a bank and a credit union Management was great the help you to become successful The culture is diversified The hardest part was the upset customer when there would not be anything that could be done to correct an issue. The best part was being able to correct any issue","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 24, 2018","4.0"
"company is restructuring","Growing pains and previous reputation for mortgage lending hinder personal growth. there is good potential for future earnings providing the mortgage loan officer can be self sufficient.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","October 24, 2018","3.0"
" this bank is going downhill","Technology is outdated, don't appreciate employees . They are always bragging about how much money they make but give employees no raise .. just a poor company over the years","Records associate senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 24, 2018","3.0"
"productive","Team atmosphere at the branches I worked in. Overall positive experience and working environment. Management is very willing to give employees opportunity to advance.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA and Connellsville PA","October 23, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place To Work.","This is one of the best places to work. this bank provides you with a great culture, good compensation, work life balance, and gives you a challenge. I have enjoyed my time working for the bank and look forward to many more years to come.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 23, 2018","5.0"
"Productive days","• Trained and assisted all new hires in all aspects of duties i.e. performance, attendance, and company policies. • Prepared crew weekly schedules; opened and closed facility according to established procedures. • Underwrite conforming and non-conforming loans for secondary market investors and maintained the portfolio loans. • Mentored and assessed trainees and give feed back to management coach","Credit Analyst III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 23, 2018","5.0"
"Great company to work for.","Helping clients with their financial needs, referrals to other line of business partners . Coaching staff and being coached .Great carrier path. Great training and training on every level . Great benefits , good salary.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Emerson NJ","October 22, 2018","5.0"
"Fun workplace","Enjoyed Working there. Learned some new skills. Great place to learn new technology especially for fresh graduates. Pretty relaxed and professional environment","Front End Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2018","5.0"
"Terrible for working parents or anyone else really","There are some things that are positive, like the maternity leave. You can literally take off 4 months to have a baby. The problem is after you have that baby, any time you may need is dependent on your manager/department. There are not set rules or policies as far as how to take OA time, leaving early,vacation days, etc. So, if you have to leave an hour early to take that new baby to the doctor, you better dam well have OA time or you are S.O.L. And don't even think about having a disabled child, because when those last minute things pop up, as they absolutely will, you either need to take OT time or FMLA that you won't get paid for. Even if your department has over time on a weekly basis, there is no making up unless it's 'scheduled'. Unless that is your are one of the special employees whose rules don't pertain to you; then you're ok. Also, they won't train you for you're position and if you make a mistake, they then want to write you up and threaten your job. You can ask just about any employee at this bank and they will tell you the training is deplorable. Throughout the entire company. Plus, don't think you'll be able to move around based on the merit of your work, work ethic, performance because it's all about who you know. If you don't know someone in a department, you more than likely won't even get a shot, especially if it's a supervisor position. They have to interview people for legal reasons, but what you don't know is they already have someone in mind for that position, so they are just wasting your time. I have a literally been turned down for a job the hiring manager - more...","Back Office Associate","Current Employee","First Side","October 22, 2018","1.0"
"Good place to work","Everyone is always friendly and willing to coach you. There is a huge push towards sales. So that made me uncomfortable at times. For I am not much of a pushy person.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Easton, MD","October 22, 2018","4.0"
"Relaxed and collaborative workplace with gracious managers","This position was a relaxed, entry-level title. Management was made up of a collection of managers that oversaw their own team. My manager and my team were all very nice people that cared about work-life balance. this bank offered up to 3 weeks paid vacation, in addition to 6 occasional absences and one personal day that you could take throughout the year. The pay started at 12 an hour when I first came in, but changed to 15 an hour as this bank upped their minimum wage. Overall, I saw that employees and managers were all very happy and content with what this bank had to offer. However, living in Pittsburgh is very stressful and expensive, so it's not for everyone. I would recommend this bank to anyone that likes a quiet, independent work environment. Don't expect to get out of your chair very much while working this position. The only big downside that I saw is that you have to really work hard in order to ever progress. Managers don't want you to move up. I am sad to leave, but only did so that I could go part-time somewhere else and resume my education.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 20, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work, new management, more meetings"," this bank has been a great place to work for the past 5 years. There have been many changes over the years which has resulted in more meetings, more processes and more stuff that takes us away from our clients. this bank use to treat us like adults and now it is going towards constant monitoring and oversight.","Senior 401","Current Employee","Troy, MI","October 20, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place to Work, Very Corporate"," this bank has excellent benefit options, a lot of resources to learn from and to ask questions to. They have a pension plan and 401K (with a % match) and they had just bumped Minimum wage when I was leaving. A typical day in Document Imaging was busy but enjoyable, the team I worked with was full of nice and delightful people. The experience would probably change widely with different managers, of which there are many, but I like all of the managers that I met and worked with. The only Negative was how corporate the company could be. Timed task reconciliation (you timed yourself and you had to calculate your production at the end of EVERY DAY) was stressful and could leave you feeling like you under-preformed on a day that you worked your butt off. Often in daily morning production reviews the sub-par numbers would be the only thing noticed, not the workload or the numbers in the green. Overall though, if you can get past the numbers, this bank was a great place to work.","Document Imaging Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 19, 2018","5.0"
"Relaxed atmosphere, not micro managed, excellent training and acknowledgements relating to exceptional job performance","My supervisor is someone I would hope everyone had the chance to have as a boss. I have worked for 30 years and the last 5 years before I left, were the happiest I have ever been working for someone.","Asset Resolution Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2018","5.0"
"It's a call center so it's demanding","I just feel there is no room to grow or improve even if you can move up in the company they keep your pay at a lateral move. What is the point in taking a position 2 paygrades higher if your pay remains the same.","NMLS Registered Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 19, 2018","3.0"
"best place I ever worked at","Excellent atmosphere with ability to grow and develop, challenging yet supportive. Wealth of on line classes and courses to learn. Well run organization.","Senior Asset Manager","Former Employee","Akron, OH","October 19, 2018","4.0"
"Good benefits","Poor management, long working hours. Some of the customers can very unfriendly. Stressful working environment, unpaid one hour lunch and you spend one hour each day working longer. Good benefits but that's about it. Some weeks you are required to work 6 days a week. Very low pay for this type of job.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 18, 2018","1.0"
"Avoid this place","Was lured here and found management to be extremely unprofessional and biased towards certain people. Place is a sweat shop - burn 'em and churn 'em is what they do. No room for advancement - had the carrot dangled with regards to the yearly bonus - never received it. This place borders on psychological torture. Worked my hardest - total lack of direction within the technology area - don't get me wrong - there are some good people here - and they go through it as well. They torture you with this 90 day probation period - it's nothing more than a hazing. They should be reported to the state.","VP Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2018","1.0"
"Great Experience","Learn multiple roles and duties and job exposure. allow you to be places in leadership and recognition. Focus on customer experiences and traditional banking within the communities.","Service Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 18, 2018","5.0"
"Good Company to work for, each day is a good day at this bank.","The team is great to work with, and they always have things to keep you busy. Each day is an enjoyable day, I always enjoyed going to work for this bank. Great upbeat people and management is terrific.","FINANCE ASSISTANT","Former Employee","Portland, OR","October 17, 2018","5.0"
"Don't work here","You walk in every day not knowing if it's goig to be your last. The management sucks, and they're not supportive of you. This company is very discriminatory and will choose their favorites.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA","October 17, 2018","1.0"
"Decent place to work","Though it can sometimes be taxing or stressful to keep track of everything that you need to do, overall it was a decent place to work. Nights, weekends, and holidays off are a great perk. In addition to that, you get great benefits. Didn't really like calling customers to try to sell them on meetings, to then try to sell them on products or services. The sales goals tended to make things somewhat stressful. Other than that, everything else was pretty great. Great benefits, hours, perks, and pay.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Wellsville, PA","October 17, 2018","4.0"
"lack of communication, bad management","lack of communication, bad management, over working hours with no outcome, great benefits. empty promises about next positions. lack of keeping employees","Bucks County Admin","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","October 16, 2018","1.0"
"na","I enjoyed working with the people at this company. It has always been a pleasure to serve other and i was grateful to have the opportunity to be apart of a great team.","Senior Personal Banker","Current Employee","pa","October 16, 2018","4.0"
"Great working teammates","Company is focused on customers. Company provides state of the art technology to assist its customers with their banking. The company does a great job making it motto of ease confidence and achievement in assisting it diverse business and personal client. Good company making progress","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","October 16, 2018","3.0"
"Good people overall","Good people make a good company. Sometimes people get lost in the business. Automation is taking over which concerns me about people. The bank is very involved in communities it is currently present.","VP of Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work","Over all good place to work. Offers a good place to eat and lovely landscape, Good people, not too much chance to get to know anyone due to heavy call flow","Multi Channel Sale Specialist","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","October 16, 2018","4.0"
"No real challenges - The Manager didn't pay attention to the team","The manager was an senior manager stuck in their ways. Referred to the Administrative Assistant as 'Secretary'. At the risk of sounding sour, It was a great place to work unless you had to communicate with the boss. There were RARELY EVER positive conversations. Just putting out fires or helping them of a jam because they didn't want to take the time to do their job. The culture was good except for the management... Best part of the day was leaving. The manager also choose to ignore the enormous leadership development initiative set forth by our company leader. 'Strange' to say the least. I believe it was looked upon as time not well spent so it DID NOT happen. Managers only manage - Leaders only lead.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 16, 2018","2.0"
"Position Review"," this bank was an easy job nothing was hard. It was not for me. It was not what I expected. It didn't challenge me. I moved on to something that had more to offer to me and my family.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD","October 16, 2018","2.0"
"Poor Job Experience","Unfair personnel. Unfair Rules. Favoritism among employees. Unfair treatment among employees. No one worked as a team. A typical day was not challenging not a learning experience for Job Advancement. There wasn't any enjoyable part of the job.","Administrative Assistant - Legal Department","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2018","2.0"
"Good Vacation Time","Have earned 4 weeks of vacation Need more leadership when it comes to helping employees advance in their career. Everyone seems to be out for themselves in most departments. It's hard to grow once you hit a certain level and there's no help or direction on moving forward.","Universal Agent","Current Employee","I am a Remote Employee","October 15, 2018","4.0"
"Good Bank to work for.","Good Bank to work for. Partners are all professional. Most difficult obstacle is the sheer fact that it is banking which is highly regulated.. Good benefits and culture.","Asst-Pres, Business Banking","Former Employee","October 14, 2018","4.0"
" this bank puts their employees at high risk and has high turnover because of it."," this bank doesn't retain employees because of the staffing, training, and the no exceptions for mistakes. After this bank terminated me, I have had nothing but issues with my termination. They put the wrong month and date which caused my health benefits to be put on hold until they corrected it as well as my pay and vacation pay. I left this bank on September 19th and they had entered August 20th. As of Tuesday October 10th I was supposed to have everything corrected and have my paper work overnighted didn't receive it until October 12th after calling and asking where it was. I have had to call HR, ERIC, HEALTH/ 401 K department at least once if not twice a week to follow up what they were doing to fix this. Not a place I would recommend or ever go back to work for and plan on pulling all my accounts and going to a different bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bradford, pa","October 13, 2018","1.0"
"Too much micromanagement","A typical day consists of assisting clients in the branch and by phone. You are required to report to your manager your activities for the day before you leave.","Banker III","Current Employee","Fairhope, AL","October 12, 2018","1.0"
"teller","Learned a lot because this was my first banking position. Day went fast due to high traffic of customers. Management most were good & helpful. Liked all associates I worked with.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2018","4.0"
"Project Coordinator working Remote","Typical Day: Use Skype for most of the communications . Assist Project Managers with their assigned projects. Work in Clarity to track all Project information. Load Project Artifacts into Clarity. Construct Project Plan in Workbench or MS Project. Weekly Tasks: Cost Plans, Project Status Reports. Quarterly Task: Quarterly Assertions. Meeting Agendas, Meeting Minutes for any project meeting. Artifacts have gone through approval process. Resource Management. this bank had mentors for all new PMs and PCs. That made this process much easier and a much smoother transition that . People were great, but they abruptly ended the contract with the recruiting firm we were contracted through. 1 day notice. Not too concerned about their contractors, which were the majority of their project management team.","Project Administrator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 12, 2018","3.0"
"Great people, felt under valued.","Lots of hard work with little recognition. Learned how to work more efficiently. Management was mediocre. Workplace culture was built around teamwork.","Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 12, 2018","3.0"
"Good place to work through college","HR made it impossible for a current this bank employee to get a better paying job upon graduation from college because the pay jump was too great. They kept people from moving up, which increased their turnover rates.","Home Equity Loan Specialist II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 11, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company","Lots of exposure to different roles. I have learned how to do more out of branch work and sales. The workplace culture is good they do care about your opinion however management tends to micromanage. Hardest part of job is hitting incentive with lower salary. Most enjoyable part of job is knowing that you could eventually transition into another role.","Universal Outbound Sales Associate","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 11, 2018","5.0"
"it was an ok place to work","it was an ok place to work. I worked on the first floor at firstside with no windows. half hour lunch. two 15 minute breaks, the department I worked in closed. the separation agreement was good.","Process image application through IBM 3890 sorter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Place","I was employed with this bank for about 4 years and would have loved to continue to grow within the company and advance but something happened and I was not able to. However I recommend them as a great place to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Elkton, MD","October 11, 2018","4.0"
"I had a great time working for this bank as a BSSR.","A typical work day at this bank starts at 8.15 am with a short meeting planning the day, and we are busy with an inflow of clients until five pm. I learn a lot in public relation and client center services. I excelled in customer service, had a great management who listens to employees and has built a great team. The most enjoyable part of the job clients being satisfied with my services.","Branch Sales and service representative October","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","October 11, 2018","5.0"
"Senior banker","It depends on where you work but in retail banking it was the worst when they changed regaional management. I would really think about if you like long hours and being over worked","Senior Branch Service And Sales Associate II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Company","Overall 9 out 10 rating. Some policies need some work and that is why they only got a 9. Otherwise, great employer. Would recommend this employer to anyone.","Universal Branch Banker","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","October 10, 2018","5.0"
"Great","I have enjoyed working at this bank! I get to work with all kinds of different people on a daily basis. I enjoy being able to do more than just one thing at the job.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","October 10, 2018","5.0"
"Flexible Work Environment"," this bank has policies that allow Work From Home for certain situations that benefit the company, although in the last few months this seems to be somewhat changing.","EPM ACFR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2018","4.0"
"N/a","For personal reasons, I do not wish to review this job or company at this time. Thank you for your understanding in this matter. It is sincerely appreciated.","Field Exam Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 10, 2018","4.0"
"Low Pay for same job at other banks","Great culture, decent work life balance, but overall pay compared to the job requirements is very low. Difference in pay for others varies very drastically.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Emerson, NJ","October 10, 2018","3.0"
"Review","Global PMI moderated for a fifth consecutive month to its lowest level in nearly two years. Although the measure remains above the neutral rate of 50, distinguishing economic growth and contraction, recent dollar strength and continued trade uncertainty could weigh on manufacturing.","Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","October 9, 2018","3.0"
"good people","I worked for 2 managers who were the best I have had. Still friends with both and would walk through fire for them. Upper management had no clue what they were doing","Processing Operations Manager","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 9, 2018","4.0"
"not a fund workplace no longer a family atmosphere"," this bank is a not a good place to bank nor is it a good place to be employed. they changed there systems over for their loans and caused all kinds of complications with their customers. the higher ups were not available lots of management took vacation at that time and had the Escalations and Loans teams work through the issue. The Training for the new program was not adequate and no one knew what to do. It took months to try and get out of the mess and there are still isses.","Reg Consultant I","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 9, 2018","2.0"
"Good place to work","Typical day at work consists of analyzing customers financial data to qualify them for a loan modification or help with a short sale. Management style is hands off and the workplace culture can be stressful at times but rewarding when you are able to help a customer retain their home or close the short sale for them.","Credit Analyst in Loss Mitigation","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 9, 2018","4.0"
"Quick pace","I really did not like working here. The branch I worked at was very busy because of the businesses in the area. I typical come in and get my cash box. I worked in the drive thru so it would be at least 3 cars waiting for me. I learned that I didn't like counting money as much as I thought I did. My coworkers was really nice. Most of us got along. My manager was pretty cool as well but definitely was about business first.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 8, 2018","1.0"
"Certyain locations were good","As a teller I handled basic transactions, withdrawals, deposits, recommended new accounts, and other products. I built many relationships with the clients, who would wait for me to deal with their transactions and accounts.","Teller","Former Employee","McLean, VA","October 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great place","Don't intend on leaving unless, something much better is presented in front of me. Very nice place to work. They do have expectations, but I was always one to have goals and to want to reach them. The bank does have changes from time to time and I believe they do keep up with the competitors. If I do ever switch institutions in my career idk if I will ever close my account there. Great company overall. But you do need to understand they do have goals and expect you to serve the customers by meeting those goals.","Teller","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","October 6, 2018","4.0"
"Worst place I have ever worked!!","They were not flexible in an emergency. Too many people there like to stir the pot and create a hostile environment. I will never and would never recommend anyone to EVER work there. They work you to death and pay you horribly. Management was worthless as well. Any conversation you had privately with the manager, never stayed quite because that person always went and talked about it with everyone else. Horrible, horrible, horrible plavce to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Plainfield, IN 46168","October 5, 2018","1.0"
" this bank","Great company to work for. The associates are very friendly and everyone works really well together. The benefits are great but the pay varies, it really depends on where you are located. Some area's pay a lot less than others do.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","michigan","October 5, 2018","5.0"
"great workplace friendly people"," this bank was a great workplace wigth friendly people at the forefront of the company. this bank back office functions were a little iffy at times but at the end of the day got the job done. in my role with this bank it is very sales driven and not customer focused","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Pickerington, OH","October 5, 2018","3.0"
"Very difficult Job Inviroment","Most people had hours where there tour stated in the am and ended after dark. It is impossible to have a life outside of work with those hours. The managers are Phony.","Customer service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 4, 2018","1.0"
"Great place to start","As a part-time employee, I was able to gain extensive knowledge of daily banking routines such as balancing drawers, analyzing accounts, and offering products and services to clients. There is some stress involved when it comes to reaching individual goals but working as a team can help tremendously in enjoying the experience.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Annandale, VA","October 3, 2018","4.0"
"Competitive","The staff was always involved in contests for bonuses or recognition. They were very mean to each other and would purposely steal each other's accounts and sales.","ATM Teller","Former Employee","Stafford, VA","October 3, 2018","2.0"
"Culture & Career Growth","In my opinion, more career growth opportunities are presented to employees in the home office of Pittsburgh. The organization is so large that at times it is difficult to align resource needs to all the projects/programs that are approved for the year. This creates confusion on priorities for the organization.","Program Manager II","Current Employee","Ohio","October 3, 2018","2.0"
"Culture change","Micromanagement and no work life balance, cultural shift to a more confrontational environment. Department morale is low, more verbal and written warnings are given.","Team Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2018","4.0"
"Great atmosphere at the branch office","Cannot elaborate on how it is to work now since it has been years since I left the company. However, benefits were competitive and management was always supportive.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","The hardest thing about working in a branch is that every branch entirely depends on its manager. If the manager is out of sorts, the entire branch will be as well. I have worked in several branches with both good, attentive managers and also extremely poor, callas managers. Every workplace will have its issues, and professionalism should always come first. You should never see your manager and teller lead arguing over how to do lunches and yelling in front of customers threatening to quit the job. I have seen fantastic, helpful managers make sure that every employee knows how to do their job and willingly answer any question they have. I have seen managers treat employees like they're stupid for asking a question. The job culture and what this bank represents is a wonderful product and theme. They truly do want to do good by the customer and expect their employees to always do the right thing. As long as you've done your research into a branch, you can have an amazing work experience and enjoy coming to work everyday to see your friends/co-workers.","TELLER","Former Employee","Waynesburg, PA","October 1, 2018","4.0"
"high turnover low pay","low pay for region but great job security, job turnover high which is why.. they love promoting from within but will never pay an internal pro,otion as much as an external hire.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 1, 2018","2.0"
"My Experince","Overall this bank is an great place to work. I think that as an existing manager there should be better pay when you move up with in the company. The offer job advancement however you are paid way less then someone coming in new to the company","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 1, 2018","5.0"
"Fair Workplace","After spending 11 years at this bank I enjoyed my duties and my coworkers. I was grandfathered in to continue to participate in the pension plan, a 401k with matching was also offered. Health benefits were much better in the past, however still glad to have the benefits. Overall its a decent workplace. There are several lines of business in banking and it takes time to find the right position to feel comfortable in and excel in with the right leadership and management backing you. This is my opinion and experience only.","Lockbox Shift Lead","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 29, 2018","3.0"
"Going Nowhere Fast","I was excited about this bank when I 1st came, but quickly found out that this bank was a revolving door going to nowhere. The Comp plan sucks, the System sucks, and the chance to truly get paid on your hard work sucks. I'm sorry, if I'm selling refinances for $500,000 or better I should get more than $500. It take forever for Loans to fund too. The underwriters are lazy, the management is spread too thin, and the moral is worse than the set of Michael Jacksons Thriller. Heck at least the Zombies get to dance. The trainers don't even know the answer to vital questions and do not truly prepare employees to be successful after they leave training. MLO's made less than the Mail Clerks! Slap in the face and I wouldn't recommend anyone wasting their time. When I started it was 105 MLO's on the floor and when I left it was only 35. Don't waste your time, you'll just be looking for another place to work and that's sad because they're suppose to be a top 10 Bank. It's like getting all dressed up with no place to go! Last thing, It's not fun seeing people scared that they are going to lose their jobs. I wish some of these CEO's could spend time with their employees and see why you need to treat your front line better.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 28, 2018","2.0"
"Its a good job to have"," this bank is a good place to work if you find yourself in a position where you need immediate employment. There is no real structure in place for advancement however my direct supervisor was good at explaining how she could help me. However if a mistake is made your manager is not the one you are to speak to and they have no desire to keep you once you make one mistake.","Customer Care Center Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 27, 2018","2.0"
"Lead all branch business and activities, including the loan and balance sheet and sales performance","A typical day at work is supporting neighborhood businesses, helping people improve their financial wealth and volunteering our time and expertise. I ensure other team members achieve their goals as we grow the business and leading by example. To be well-organized with the ability to multi-task and prioritize. The enjoyable part is when as a team we help customers reach their goals. There are also many activities our team is involved in our neighborhood to make our jobs more fun and relaxing.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","September 27, 2018","5.0"
"good friendly work culture","good friendly work culture, most jobs are rewarding and flexible. Some of the entry level jobs are micro managed. It has been difficult to transfer to a equal level job once laid off.","Asset Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 26, 2018","4.0"
"Great Workplace","Great culture, awesome benefits (3 weeks vacation starting, 4 weeks by year 5 of tenure, dads get 6 weeks paternity leave with the birth of a child), good stability.","Mortgage","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 26, 2018","5.0"
" this bank","The people were easy to work with. The hours were not my favorite. Job was interesting. Had to do a few steps rather then just sitting and doing one thing.","Lockbox","Former Employee","Des Plaines, IL","September 26, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is a great company.","I would definitely recommend this bank as a place of employment to my friends and family. this bank provides the tools and resources to successfully perform the tasks given.","Care Center Consultant","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 26, 2018","5.0"
"They don't know how to treat their employees","Management is horrible. Always short staffed and long hours. They don't care about the employees expect for making sure that there is no line. No work life balance at all.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 25, 2018","1.0"
"Overall Experience","I have enjoyed being employed with this bank, I have been employed with the company for 6 years, have a flexible schedule, great management, open door to reach all management levels. This has been like home for me I have much respect for all of my co-workers and hope that I'm able to find another great home due to restructuring of the company.","Credit Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 25, 2018","4.0"
"Professional fun opportunities","Professional and ethically. Management very helpful and professional. Training is good at the class room and hand on. Room to grow within the company. Team work","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","September 25, 2018","5.0"
"Decent place to start","Goals are unattainable and constantly changing. The company does a great job of paying top producers in incentive, but salaries are very low. Management only cares about widgets not what the client actually needs.","PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Falls Church, VA","September 25, 2018","3.0"
"Overall","This is a good business with really good benefits and employee development. Really helped development me as an employee. I would recommend working here to a friend.","Loan Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 24, 2018","5.0"
"Great first grown up job","This job has been great for me because it has allowed me to experience working full time with a company that values their workers. I feel there is little advancement opportunity in the location that I reside in. I also will be getting my bachelors degree in May of 2019 so I definitely looking for a pay increase.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Williamsburg, VA","September 24, 2018","5.0"
"The customer's always right, even though you're explaining the policy","They do not have their employee's backs. The customer is always right. You can explain policy and procedure till you're blue in the face, have the customer ask to speak to a supervisor who explains the same thing you did, and you're in trouble because they wanted to hear it from a supervisor. One of the worst jobs I've ever had.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2018","1.0"
" this bank Branch life is extremly stressful but the overall company is great","There are no excuses for being short staffed and you are asked to 'do what it takes' to get your job done. Between employees leave of absences, mandatory vacations, and turnover, I frequently work at night or early morning to just stay a float. It's a repetitive but not constant problem.","BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","September 23, 2018","3.0"
"Great Benefits","I enjoy working for this bank. I have gain a lot of knowledge in banking and process improvement. They offer a lot of great benefits overall. However, more action need to be taken when handling advancement and job placement.","Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 23, 2018","4.0"
"Diverse, Engaging, Challenging","Unlike other banking institutions or just other companies period, this bank really strives to provide their employees with work/life balance. The company also strives to give its employees the opportunities to achieve their best. The teams that you are a part of for the most part really work well together and have great collaboration. People from many diverse backgrounds allows you to grow as a professional and encourages you to think outside of the box.","Application Developer Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 22, 2018","3.0"
"Non friendly environment","Good reports at the time to work with. Come in work with bankers to complete loans. Bankers were okay to work with. Some managers were not friendly with even a good morning. Culture was divided","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","September 21, 2018","4.0"
"ok company","somewhat ok bank to work for, very disorganized back office and support staff minimal opportunity for advancement if not nonexistent, rather confusing work place culture","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","September 20, 2018","2.0"
"Average Company","This company did not offer enough full time positions at the time I worked there. I was unable to remain with the company on a part time basis. I left company to look for a full time job with benefits.","Figure Settlement Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 20, 2018","3.0"
"Fast-pace experience","Friendly atmosphere, teaching and learning was acquired. The company cared about employees and treated them well. Not much for advancement but paid more.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","September 19, 2018","3.0"
"Bad employee experience","bad company to work for. Poor Management. Micro manage employees. poor technology. too focused on numbers, and promote people without merit. Very bad experience.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","September 19, 2018","1.0"
"Fast paced work environment","Business is high energy and expectations to succeed is very important in this field. Looking for opportunities with every customer to build stronger relationship.","BUSINESS BANKING CENTER BRANCH MANAGER","Current Employee","Towson, MD","September 18, 2018","4.0"
"Micromanage","Since the new management went in to place we are extremely micromanaged. We see no longer a person but a number. They act as if we see robots. The moral of the team is at an all time low.","Support Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"All in all a good place to start","Not the best job in the world ( i work in the collections department) but benefits are great and pay is good. Paid sick days (6 a year) and vacation (15 days plus one personally day.. which is basically the same thing). Managers are hit or miss however I've worked under three in the department and all have been wonderful and supportive.. the higher up the later of management the less they care about the little guy. If you do your job well and put in your time you can move to other departments that are less stress and better pay. All in all a great place to start in a corporate environment.","Consumer Support Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 18, 2018","3.0"
"Management is sub par"," this bank is struggling to meet satisfactory ratings with the OCC. As a result the risk program is under constant revamping. Changes occur so frequently it's nearly impossible to keep up. Not enough staff to handle existing workloads.","Risk Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","2.0"
"Great Company to work for","I love working for this bank its a great company to work for its sales oriented but is not hard to do. The management team i had was great and the training is all paid for. The benefits are great the hours are set i cant say anything bad. The only thing i will recommend is if you work in banking you have to move to other branches or other banks if you want to move up advancement within the company is difficult.","TELLER","Current Employee","Canton, OH","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a company that provides excellent benefits and work/life balance. The compensation is fair and management really cares about their employees. I came into the bank with absolutely no experience with banking and this bank gave me all of the tools I needed to learn and excel at my position.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"Productive","Great place to work. Typical day at work start at 8am and work hard until 6pm. The only bad thing is they have yearly layoffs they call reduction of force. I wish they would consider the work one does before just laying off good people.","Asset Manager","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 18, 2018","5.0"
"Decent pay but absolutely awful management","Upper management has no clue the day to day. Often worked till 7pm or later despite branch closing at 5 because in branch manager couldn't finish their daily tasks. Would be forced to take random conference calls during peak hours despite heavy traffic. Turnover is so high other bankers have no clue how to perform their job and management is not willing to train. Often asked to do unethical things.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","September 17, 2018","1.0"
"Good workplace","If you like data entry and sitting for prolonged periods then the job can be rewarding. A typical day is logging in and begin to enter data into database.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 17, 2018","4.0"
"Teller Lead","I was hired for a lead teller role with no background experience in banking. The branch was a large and very fast paced with little down time to solidify skills. Management at specific branch was very relaxed and didn' t always provide support.","Lead","Former Employee","North West PA Market","September 17, 2018","4.0"
"Nice place to work","Nice environment to work in. Management cares about their employees and helps them overcome any issues and succeed. Friendly co-workers and nice work to life balance","Branch Service and Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 16, 2018","4.0"
"Great job","I enjoyed the many facets of this bank. The relationships built there are for a lifetime. They encourage you to find the best job possible within the company.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 14, 2018","5.0"
"Workplace Culture","The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know my coworkers and bank customers as friends. There were challenging people in both areas but were definitely in the minority number wise.","Teller","Former Employee","Shelby Charter Township, MI","September 13, 2018","4.0"
"Work life balance","Great! They have a great work life balance and want to improve you skillsnas you advance in newer positions. this bank is a great place to work. I am trying to get out of the financial industry.","II","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 13, 2018","5.0"
"Fun place to work, flexible hours and in-depth training","Great place to work, flexible work schedule, tuition reimbursement, and incentive plan. Offers in-depth training. Would like to see increase in the tuition reimbursement amount.","Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2018","4.0"
"Would be a better place to work if employees were compensated accordingly."," this bank is a great place to work and learn but the pay does not justify the work load. There are hundreds of employees who leave their positions with this bank because opportunity elsewhere presents itself in form of same work load but significantly higher pay. Management is okay, culture is fine as long as the team meshes well together.","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","Durham, NC","September 13, 2018","2.0"
" this bank career advancement not as good as I had hoped"," this bank says in all of their internal publications that they are trying to give control to the employee to advance their careers. However at the this bank help desk, there is a very limited number of paths to advance your career. It is possible, but not easy and not very much support is provided by management.","Help Desk Administrator I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 13, 2018","2.0"
"decent work experience as long as you are accurate and quick","The pay was better at Midland Loan Services is better than State . The first half of the first year was enjoyable but as the months go by, the expectations rise and there is less room for error. There is some teaching but often the individual is left to figure out issues on their own. The department had a lot of procedures in place but sometimes it was hard to follow and there was some inconsistencies among different senior employees so it made it harder to know what to do in certain instances. Still, there were trainings and meetings to aid and address the the errors.","Commercial Loan Payoff Analyst I","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 13, 2018","3.0"
"Best Employer"," this bank was probably the best employer I worked for. I worked in the Leadership College of the newly formed Corporate University. I was afforded the opportunity to assist other this bank lines of business with employee development activities and there were always new challenges. I would never have left the company if it wasn't 911 and how the world changed that day. I have a very good Supervisor and the team I worked with was very professional.","Training Project Manager and Corporate Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 12, 2018","5.0"
"My time with this bank was okay","My time with this bank was okay. The environment was very stressful and the employees were not happy in their positions which affected the moral. The starting salary was very low and chances for advancement within the department were low.","Front End Collector","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 12, 2018","3.0"
"Great people to work with"," this bank is a good company to work for. My co-workers were like family. Used to have a lot of incentives for the employees but have currently discontinued them.","Operations Work Lead SR","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 12, 2018","4.0"
"Very high expectations and low salary","I thought I would be at this bank until I retire. Not after I realized that I have hardly rec any raises in the last 4 years. The job is very stressful and very high expectations.","Universal Trainer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 12, 2018","3.0"
"Nice place to work","During my tenure with this bank i enjoyed working with my branch teams. I performed in many capacities from teller, customer service, sales, cold calling via phone.","Customer service Rep","Former Employee","Hiram, GA","September 11, 2018","4.0"
"Not a fair place to work","In the Dallas contractor office in Plano, They cancelled the contract and fired over 20 PMs for something that 3 developers did on their laptops, very unfair!","Project Manager for Cyber Security","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","September 11, 2018","1.0"
"summary"," this bank is a great place to work. There are definitely heavy volume times, but the team always finds a way to get the work done. I do feel as volumes increase that this bank should take a better look at staffing appropriately to handle the increases in volume and additional products being launched that also bring in additional volume to the Line of Business.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","4.0"
"Not a fun place to work","Overall the views and what the company stands for is great, however I never experienced them treating their own employees with a high level of respect, I say some even disrespect others.","BANKING CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Ohio","September 11, 2018","3.0"
"workday","gave room for advancement , had daily meetings and updates, received monthly bonuses,had immediate access to a supervisor if needed. the hardest part of the job like any other customer service is dealing with irate customers.has the freedom of working from home.","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","I started there as a teller and got promoted to an onboarding manager within 11 months. the only reason of relocating was they do not promote anyone before their 1 year of employment is completed.","Teller to Platform Personnel","Former Employee","West Hazleton, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
"Good","Teamwork, integrity and quality of life are just some of the values that our employees demonstrate every day, whether working with peers, listening to customers or volunteering in the community through the various programs and initiatives that they invests in.","Corporate Business Analysis Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 11, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Professionals, synergy and teamwork abounds here. It's a great place to work ad would still be there if not for some unfortunate behavior of others. Would go back in a second.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2018","5.0"
"good work environment","Everyone is willing to help out. Good environment where I feel welcome and accepted. Job is sometimes challenging but in a good way. Room for growth is good.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","September 10, 2018","5.0"
"great company"," this bank is very employee driven they go above and beyond for their employees. they really care about family and they thrive for excellence. I honestly love working for thus company. The hardest part would definitely learning all the different procedures.","Branch Sales Associate","Current Employee","Pequannock, NJ","September 10, 2018","5.0"
" this bank Mortgage - Not a fit for me"," this bank as a company has great benefits; Health, dental, vision, HSA, 401k, vacation time and sick pay. The mortgage industry can be very stressful. After an annual review, the raise was very minimal and less than 2% when meeting all expectations. Management lacks communication, micromanaging has significantly increased. The required 'minimum' for the daily job is highly unobtainable. The amount of knowledge that is expected to perform the daily job, in addition to the stress of the nature of the position, blinded management, and the lack of compensation I feel is incredibly unfair. Morale is very low, I will admit, each person is accountable to uplift themselves and others, but this bank puts full responsibility of this on their employees, There are no, to maybe very tiny attempts from a 'corporation' to value their employees.","Customer Support Representative","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 10, 2018","3.0"
"poor work vs life balance","I was told when I took this position that I would be required to work every other Saturday. I was scheduled to work every Saturday for the duration of my employment. The training was inconsistent. The management was inconsistent.","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Former Employee","Saint Charles, MO","September 10, 2018","2.0"
"management"," this bank offers a good work/life balance. The folks working at this bank are good people and try hard. Overall, not a bad place to work - pay is not overly competitve with rest of industry.","Site Sales Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 10, 2018","3.0"
"Low pay for the level of responsibility","Low pay for the level of responsibility. You were second in charge after the branch manager, shouldn't the pay reflect that? Branch Manager made the workplace very toxic.","Branch Sales and Service Associate III","Former Employee","Rockingham, NC","September 10, 2018","3.0"
"Unfinished","I worked in the corporate office downtown and as never able to get to the real point of me being hired. I had editing their level four policy with a mentor but wasn't able to interview managers to figure out procedures, write those procedures, and then create a document that would be used to train people. The powers that be saw that a red flag from an audit had been fixed and decided to let all the temp employees go. That shouldn't have included me because the others were data entry, and yet I was let go, as well. We were placed in an old server room in the very center of the floor, so it was closed off and freezing. We were given leave to do whatever we wanted throughout the day as long as we got the immediate responsibilities done. I didn't feel like a proper employee of the place because of being both isolated and almost alienated.","Documentation Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2018","2.0"
"Summary","A very nice group of professionals. It was not what I expected after being hired. The support training that I needed was not available and took to long to materialize.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Sarasota, FL","September 9, 2018","3.0"
"It's a numbers game."," this bank will teach you about the 'conversation' but in reality it is a waste of time with constant double entry of information and debriefs that might as well not use a computer. The incentives are a joke and upper management pretend to say we aren't Wells Fargo. However, the constant nick-picking and lobby engagement doesn't allow us to do our job properly. For a conservative bank, they act surprised when 70% of the credit card apps get declined and you punish your loyal clients and reward the ones that don't manage their funds properly. You don't get paid all that well and the retention is horrible. This is why this bank offers 'bonuses' to try to keep you to stay on for just one more year as they suck your will to survive.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","September 9, 2018","1.0"
"Marketing & tools lacking","products don't meet all client segmentations and are not competitive in the market place. client website offers a good tools for clients but like many firms it is a widget environment.","Private Client Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 8, 2018","3.0"
"Customer Service has very little flexibility","You are clocked with everything you do on the computer. Every second you're not 'auto in' they subtract that from your schedule adherence. Realistically you have about 30 minutes to be out of adherence. They really stress being in adherence. Although you cant just end a call when you want so one long complicated call could easily put you out of adherence. You have two 15 minute breaks, but again a call can easily go all the way through that break. You then have to decide whether to take that break and risk not being in adherence for the day. So you could realistically be taking calls for 4 hours straight if you have a call that takes up your whole break. Got to go to the bathroom, thats going to be counted against your schedule adherence if you cant hold it until your lunch or regular break. Hardest part of the job is having talks with customer who have no money, no concept of personal finance, and they are only calling in because they don't understand why they have over a hundred dollars in Overdraft fees. We are supposed to educated them on how to prevent that from happening, and offer solutions for the future, but most of these people just want to argue and want the non-refundable fees refunded. Best part, there is an employee appreciation week with games, food , and you get to interact with the upper management. Also, there are some really nice people and sweet old ladies that call in, but thats not the majority of the calls unfortunately. Overall, its a great way to get your foot in the door to a great company, and can really help you get experience for your resume - more...","Call Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2018","4.0"
"What I Learned","I learned I am not a salesperson. This is a very competitive sales role and this bank expects you to wring referrals and account/investment openings from nowhere. Sell, sell, sell. Well I am more for protecting my customers' well-being so I tried to give them good advice, not up-sell them at every turn. Therefore I could not get transferred/promoted and got the minimal raise at the start of the year.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE II","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 7, 2018","3.0"
"'Okay' Position","If you want good work/life balance do not work in a this bank in-store setting. You will work weekends and holidays. The bonus structure is based on credits and you get paid one percent for each of those credits. The salary is significantly lower than most banks and credit unions.","Financial Advisor and Sales Representative","Current Employee","Bowie, MD","September 7, 2018","3.0"
"Loved my co-workers, did not like certain manager","I did not like a certain manager and I got stuck working with her for the last 3-4 months of my employment with them. This was after I was transferred from a branch that I loved without any say so from me.","teller","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","September 7, 2018","2.0"
"Ability to work Remote","Management is good. Bonuses are not as easy to obtain as explained but if in the right situation they are obtainable. I love being able to work from home and have the ability to start work at 9am. No overtime is a blessing and a curse.","Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 7, 2018","5.0"
"Great culture for a commercial bank environment"," this bank is a great Bank to work for and they are much more people centric than other commercial banks. Management takes a keen interest in your development and advancement.","Underwriter","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","September 7, 2018","5.0"
"Regional Leadership/ Work Culture"," this bank has the potential to be a great place work. However, in the past 2 years there's been an extreme lack of leadership resulting in a very high level of turnover. I mastered many skills, and enjoyed the opportunity to grow client relationships, but the focus changed in to a more micro managed, sales oriented environment, where the branch manager's had little lead way to make judgment decisions in the best interest of the team, or clients. The Region's Leaders don't care about the branch employee's. There were many days they would enter the branch, and not speak to the staff. That in itself makes one feel unappreciated, and devalued. A main reason for the increase, and loss of many valued, tenor employees due to the ability to break down the regions morale. The benefits are okay along with the chance to earn incentive bonus. Communication which is one of the company's core values was almost nonexistent. Sometime new hires aren't given a fair chance at proper training, and advancement depends on who you are, Overall this bank is a good company when led by consistent, strong, management. Loyal employees create loyal client relationships.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","September 6, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work."," this bank is an awesome place to work especially for someone fresh out of high school. They pay well for a first time job and in general for that matter. There is plenty of room for advancement and every manager I've had has pushed me to advance. The reason I don't want to work there is that it's not in my line of work, I'm just tired of doing something I didn't go to school to do.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo","September 6, 2018","4.0"
"not great","a lot about this bank is ideal as far as pay and nice facility and decent work/life balance but that only goes so far. management and up do not seem to care. you are just a number. and this bank has poor ethics when it comes to politics","business","Current Employee","business","September 6, 2018","2.0"
"A good place to work but needs some work"," this bank is a nice place to work, it is a large company however, if you are placed in a slower branch it may be difficult for you to advance in your career","Branch Service and Sales Associate Universal","Current Employee","Blue Bell, PA","September 6, 2018","3.0"
"Team work","Good knowledge of the various process happening in the bank environment. Effective communication skills and inter-personal skills. Efficiently handled various bank teller tasks and received best teller award for the same.. Handled various accounting transactions and reconciliation tasks. Provided account status data whenever requires and handled phone enquiries. Informed customers about various bank products","Teller Banking Representative II","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 5, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyable job but not the pay.","Below average pay structure in comparison to similar companies in the area. The work/life balance will differ from one department to the next as well.","Business Systems","Current Employee","Ohio","September 5, 2018","3.0"
"normal","good company and good benefits . great culture . would recommend as employer . good company to work for moms . needs to increase their salaries . normal","bssa","Current Employee","VA","September 5, 2018","3.0"
"Financial Services Company","Great benefits, unreasonable goals, normal work week 40+ hours, outside business development required, management is aggressive and older, culture of coaching, job is very stressful","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 5, 2018","4.0"
"Csr","Very stressful work environment never feel settled in but if you happened to make to a year if youve done everything they demand you do get an opportunity to move to better hours or different departments","Customer service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH 43213","September 4, 2018","1.0"
"Great Company","Great opportunity for advancement and room to grow within many different lines of businesses. Work life balance is a priority in most departments. Flexible work arrangements","Client Experience","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2018","5.0"
"Tremendous growth opportunity","When I was hired I was able to be promoted within a year. I was able to go to several different areas within the bank to grow my career. They have a great process to follow to enable you to be promoted.","Branch Manager Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 4, 2018","4.0"
"Very dependable"," this bank had the usual opportunities of working for a large corporation. Banks are very unstable with mergers and job security. They required a high level of responsibility with very low salary compensation.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Noblesville, IN","September 4, 2018","3.0"
"Productive,pleasent people"," this bank overall is a nice place to work. I do not enjoy the sales aspect of my position that seems to be overtaking the customer service quality . The work life balance is very unbalanced, as we are not allowed a full day off and work six days a week.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, MD","September 4, 2018","4.0"
"Great work envoirnment","One of the best jobs I had ever had. This company gives you everything you could ask for. Benefits, Work/Life, Competitive compensation. The biggest issue they have is with MANAGEMENT. One bad manager can taint an entire experience, and that tends to happen quite often in this bank, as Managers are often quickly replaced and/or rotated. Consistent management is key to running a good business, and this bank fails to find good managers.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","September 4, 2018","5.0"
"Very bad work environment","Waiting on customer, processing all their banking needs. Management was not flexible with you for your family life. Working for a bank is a very strict work environment.The sales goals are the hardest part of the job. The most enjoyable part of the job was talking to the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Freeland, PA","September 3, 2018","1.0"
"Great Place","In my top two favorite companies to work for. This company had great benefits and was very reasonable with the amount of work. I felt very fulfilled.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2018","5.0"
"great place tp work","productive workplace , sales goal needs to be met quarterly. always need to refer products to patners , all great benefits 401k and eye and dental . they also have pension plan. The bank is a great place to work with good hours and no overtime required.","Sales Associate","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 3, 2018","5.0"
"Ok Place to work","I learned a lot about the mortgage business and all the different forms associated with Mortgages. took all classes that was required, met my goals as required.","Records Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 3, 2018","4.0"
"Loan Support Analyst I","Process payments to borrower's loans who are in Loss Mitigation. Remove loans where signed documents or no payment have not been received. this bank offers employees to volunteer to assist preschool students is fun and develops the community.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","September 3, 2018","3.0"
"Salary","Two major issues with this bank are; low salary and lack of career advancement. If you live in Pittsburgh, PA where the headquarters is located you have a better chance of advancing your career. However, if you are located in Philadelphia then the company is only an experience mill to help you gain experience for other financial companies. Even if you have a bachelors degree and try to advance from an Analyst I to an Associate I or II your application will be denied, mainly due to the company mainly wanting to hire from the outside and keep salaries low. Personally I like my current job, but my talents are being wasted and management are only interested in making themselves look good. So if you are a newly graduated undergrad this company is a good start to get your foot into the financial door and nothing more.","Implementation Associate I","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 3, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work, the management team is wonderful and very helpful. The most enjoyable part is your always happy coming into work. Everyday you learn something new.","Weekend Supervisor","Former Employee","Phillipsburg, NJ","September 2, 2018","5.0"
"Love it","Working here has allowed me to grow within my skill set and experience that I've gained within my career. Taking the leap to come back to retail banking and excel has been amazing.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","September 1, 2018","5.0"
"I do not want to leave but I cannot find a job i like","I enjoy working I used to love my job until they turned to sales. and all what we do is pushing products to the clients. I wish I can find a back office job or accounting job there . I feel bad to leave after 22 years","Teller lead","Current Employee","Parlin, NJ","August 31, 2018","5.0"
"Do not concider working here","This is a sales position. They are very competitive with their goals; however, the salary sucks. They pay the least of all banks and they will negotiate.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 31, 2018","1.0"
"Competetive if you are willing to put the work in","As with all Organizations there is pros and cons. As long as you are dedicated and have the desire to be a Top Performer, the Company is pretty fair in recognizing and awarding your hard work. As with most Branch Manager positions you are responsible for anything and everything. The Company can be more mindful in providing faster and modern technologies to help balance all the spinning plates. FTE and Staffing allocations are slim which can be a challenge in meeting your Customer Service, Production and Coaching/Development of your Team. Also, the Branch Manger is the primarily the Business Banker as well so getting out and prospecting to execute on Business Calls can be tricky if you are not fully staffed and have the right Team in place.","Vice President","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 31, 2018","4.0"
"Super fun place to work","Being apart of Legends at this bank arts center was really fun. I get to listen or watch a concert while working and making sure the guest had a good time. Even though, It is an outdoor venue, I didn't mind.","Bartender","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","August 30, 2018","5.0"
"The company is very diversified and hires people from different demographic groups.","Good place to work but lots of sales pressure and no clear career path for branch staff. The tools for work are great and the company is big and solid.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Maryland","August 29, 2018","3.0"
"Company overpromised and underdelivered","Would not like to work there again. Very little support. Loans took way to long to underwrite, process and fund. Little help from management. Worked long hours with little or no results after being top producer with Wells Fargo","Sr Home Mortgage Consultant","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 29, 2018","2.0"
"fun workplace with amenities","it was fun because you never knew when this bank would honor the company with little gifts or look at the monthly calendar and see when we would have bagel and banana day. The hardest part was telling the customers that their account had been overdrawn and fees were incurred.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 29, 2018","5.0"
"Good Company, Hire The Wrong People","Job was good,Coworkers were great Management was not good. Expected us to reach goals with limited assistance and would get them blame for coming up short on bank goals even when we met our individual goals.","TELLER","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 29, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to work"," this bank really lives the work/life balance culture. They do provide an environment where you are in charge of you own destiny, however that may be due to the large workload/span of control being put on the management team so that they cannot allocate any time to this activity. Compensation process is flawed.","Business Analyst Staff Manager - IT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 29, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work.","I enjoyed my time with this bank. It is a well established bank where the company is not in a constant state of reorganization. Roles are well defined and management has a clear direction and expectation.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","August 29, 2018","4.0"
"Employees do not matter","It was very frustrating working at this bank. Anytime a customer got upset or had a disagreement it automatically became the employee's fault. I've been called out my name, cursed out, etc yet every time I was the one who got written up. The manager was never available to help us nor did she ever stick up for her employees. I just had to accept that no one cares about me as an individual. I'm just another employee that is replaceable. After my new manager came in the job was no longer enjoyable. I cried everyday before coming in just because it was a depressing atmosphere.","Assistant Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Plainfield, NJ","August 28, 2018","1.0"
"Very good place","Amazing experiences working there. Nice workplace. Very educating experience. Very good work life balance. Allows you to move up according to your potential.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","August 28, 2018","5.0"
"Good company to work for but management is terrible."," this bank is a great place to work but it is hard to move upward in your field. There are limited positions availble. At my 2 year mark I asked for a raise or even insight on some job opportunities and I was turned down on both after being praised for all the great work I've done. It might be just my manager, but I definitely does not look good upon the company.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Green, OH","August 28, 2018","4.0"
"stressful work life","they didn't care about your future at this bank they just need to make sure you got your numbers by any means possible. management always popped up unannounced and then my manager would always act like a completely different person.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Belcamp, MD","August 28, 2018","1.0"
"Great for young adult","No room for growth at all. This job is good for someone that is young and still lives with their parents. While there it was fine. I needed more. Management seems to not wont you to better yourself","Branch Financial Sales Consultant I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 28, 2018","3.0"
"Customer Service"," this bank is a great bank as a customer. They offer all the things retail banking customers are looking for. As an employee, they were great to work for except for compensation. We once had a meeting where the Regional VP was talking about different levels of accounts. He said 'who doesn't have at least $2,000 direct deposits per month in their checking account' (helps avoid monthly fees) and everyone in the training meeting raised their hand was like 'I don't even come close to $2,000/month in direct deposits'. Showed how out of touch management was from their customer facing employees. I believe this bank recently increased their minimum wage, but when I was there, it was below $10/hr. They offer tons of incentives for referrals, but you were lucky to get one or two per day due to the emergence of online banking and most people making the switch from traditional means. Overall great company. Just don't work here if you are the only source of income in your family (more of a supplemental income position or for mom's re-entering the workforce).","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Jarrettsville, MD","August 28, 2018","3.0"
"Not Good","A lot of BS and little opportunity. Management is a revolving door. ive nothing more to say. i am just trying to get get out of this screen. how much more do i have to write?","Relationship Manager - Private Client Group","Current Employee","Muskego, WI","August 28, 2018","2.0"
"Buen ambiente laboral","Recepecion de materia prima, realizacion de certificados, inspeccion de lineas de produccion, producto terminado, encargada del manejo de personal de las lineas de produccion, cumplimiento de bpm y 5´s , control de docuemtos del area de calidad, muestreo de producto terminado y superficies inertes y vivas para su analisis microbiologico, control y destruccion de this bank , entre otras actividades...","Auditor de calidad","Former Employee","San Luis Potosí, S. L. P.","August 27, 2018","5.0"
"bank teller","typical bank teller position. I would count cash and make deposits for clients. I would also make product recommendations to make our clients money work better for them.","Teller Representative 1","Former Employee","Colts Neck, NJ","August 27, 2018","5.0"
"hours and pay great","The hours were great along with the pay. You got quarterly bonuses depending on your performance. There is a lot of room for advancement. There is always someone available for help.","Online Banking Tier II Customer Service Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 27, 2018","5.0"
"Great Work Environment","I truly enjoyed the culture an work environment, teams worked cohesively together and supported one another. Management recognized those who achieved and exceeded expectations.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Gillette, NJ","August 26, 2018","4.0"
"Working with this bank"," this bank is a company that believes in providing excellent service to the customer. I have learned different processes and procedures that have helped me to grow within the company. The management staff is very supportive in your growth and are very knowledgeable. At this bank they believe that the environment should be pleasant and professional. The hardest part of the job is understanding the needs of the customer and how your products relate to them. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a team that has great communication skills and the day to day interactions with the people we are helping.","Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","August 26, 2018","5.0"
