5350,"Great workplace for women,","This company cares that you have a life outside of their bank, they promote from within which is rare, down sides are that when your are promoted from within you get only a get a small raise. the incentive pay for bankers is very competitive.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 19, 2015","4.0"
5351,"looking to go back to work","I have worked for this bank for almost 20 years. I have worked in the Mortgage department with modifications then proceeded to be a loan officer for 16 yrs. When National City became this bank I worked in. Chicago for 2 years then transferred back to Michigan as a Loan Specialist for Home Equity loans. I worked with customers over the phone and processed and closed Home Equity loans for the this bank. My duties were collecting income documentation from the customer . Once received and reviewed from the customer the income docs were sent to the under writer to make decision . Once approved I prepared the closing documents and emailed to the Branch. I provided excellent customer service and made my required goals monthly. I enjoyed my co workers and still keep in touch with them. I retired December of 2014 and after 1 month realized how much I missed it.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 19, 2015","5.0"
5352,"More than 8 years great experience with this bank","This was my fist interview and first job in the US. I happily worked with this bank for more than 8 years and took a break to finish my studies. I got my first promotion as a Teller Supervisor within two years. I wish I could work with a great company like this bank.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 19, 2015","5.0"
5353,"Great Place to Learn"," this bank has one of the greatest training programs in the industry. This alone makes it a great place to start a banking career. Management can be a bit much at times, but I was lucky to have a great Mentor at this bank.","Vice President Business Banking Ag","Former Employee","Morton, IL","February 19, 2015","4.0"
5354,"Always changing","I would not recommend this job to anyone. This company can never keep anyone, because of the low pay and the constant push for sales. Terrible management. I've never seen a company go through employees so quickly!","Teller","Former Employee","Spanish Fort, AL","February 18, 2015","1.0"
5355,"Highly Charged Up young and dynamic environment","Provides the best training for a campus fresher. Helps groom a traine Has excellent hierarchical structure , has a great EnR for continuous learning and development. Excellent appraisal system.","Senior Software Engineer","Current Employee","Miamisburg,OH","February 17, 2015","4.0"
5356,"A very nice a warm environment place to work in","Very productive environment to work in with good co-workers. Greek customers as they come into the bank with good cheer. A typical day a work is processing checks; cash, withdraw and deposit checks. Management/co-workers are very concerned about my productivity and how I'm doing in a positive way. The hardest part of the job is making sure that everything and everyone is safe and secure. The most enjoyable part of job is making sure that the customers are satisfied with my level of service to them at the end of the day.","Bank Teller Representative","Current Employee","Bainbridge, OH","February 17, 2015","4.0"
5357,"Career Opportunities Abound","Stable IT environment with good leaders. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow within the different areas of the bank.","Technology Manager - Testing Services","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 16, 2015","3.0"
5358,"not a good place to work","no communication any where in the company, I would not recommend working her unless you are friends with the manager or you like to kiss butt Thanks the only way you will get along or make it there","3rd shift Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","February 16, 2015","2.0"
5359,"Productive and fun work place","Helping customers manage their daily expenses and perform routine transactions while provided beneficial alternatives to traditional banking.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Leola, PA","February 16, 2015","5.0"
5360,"Leran as you go enviornment","I had been with this bank for 3 years and nothing has changed. Management/ Employee relationship is way too personal and not by any means professional. They hire the wrong people and blame you for not being able to turn them into selling all stars when they've had absolutely no selling experience. Micromanagement and favoritism among employees with no sense of recognition. No wonder why this bank has so many job openings, too much turnover, it's because they can't hire the right people and when they do, they do not pay well at all. I would not work for this bank ever again nor recommend them to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","OHIO","February 15, 2015","3.0"
5361,"Highmark","Overall very good company, lots of perks for working for the company. Normal work-life balance. Worked there for 9 years, mostly enjoyable learning experience.","Transmission Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2015","4.0"
5362,"Great summer job","If you enjoy being outside for the heat and a summer job, enjoying all the awesome concerts held in your town this would be a recommended job for you. Learned how to manage different groups of people towards managerial skills i would later use in my life","Aramark Supervisor","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","February 13, 2015","4.0"
5363,"Fast Paced Environment","Would take phone calls most the day, with meetings and coaching sessions in order to identify possible areas for improvement. Would always get very positive feedback. Very stressful job, in which threats and being cussed out were a daily occurrence. Still, I absolutely loved the job. Learned to handle high stress, high pressure situations. Learned how to handle and manage large money accounts and acquisitions. Developed my customer relation skills further; mainly my communication skills, but also learning how to work in a fast paced, aggressive work environment. Learned a lot. Most enjoyable part of the job was being able to explain situations to people and help give them some piece of mind.","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 13, 2015","4.0"
5364,"Decent Job","Each day is filled with different good and bad things happening. I learned I need to do my own research from even with other departments The Management Expect you to do your job and make their jobs easy Your co-workers depending on how long they have been there, can either be of great assistance or a pleasant way to blow off steam. The most enjoyable part is when you can help a customer your trying to collect from.","COLLECTOR III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","February 12, 2015","3.0"
5365,"Very professional workplace that offers many opportunities for advancement","I really enjoyed how this bank values involvement with the community. The company makes sure their clients are taken care of and are made to feel special and important. My favorite part of my job was seeing my clients everyday and I even had some that would come in just to visit. I also really enjoyed counting large amounts of money on a daily basis managing the ATM, vault, and shipping and receiving money orders to stock the branch.The hardest part of my job was cold calling. People do not take well to that sort of thing but often times it must me done to make sales goals.","Switcher","Former Employee","Snellville, GA","February 12, 2015","5.0"
5366,"Grocery store banking is a joke","The distribution model that this bank has put in place in the grocery market is laughable at best. The absolute lack of professionalism, and poor quality of senior management, guiding the process leaves the employee feeling like a preschooler approaching a school bully in the aisles of the store. I have never been more humiliated by my association with an organization than by this joke of a job, which was sold as a fantastic opportunity for a new career. I think not.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis MD","February 12, 2015","1.0"
5367,"Review"," this bank offers employees great opportunities to grow individually and as a team. They are truly a good company to work for, but you have to work hard for what you want.","Commercial Client Services","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 11, 2015","4.0"
5368,"Great Place to Work","I loved working at this bank. I am looking for a new career because I will be moving out of the Cleveland area. I would love to stay with the company if I was able to find work closer to where I will be living.","Screener","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 11, 2015","5.0"
5369,"Management","The management is great to work with. They are very understanding during the training and are there for you when you need something.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","February 10, 2015","5.0"
5370,"Fun workplace"," this bank acquired RBC (Royal Bank of Canada) after only one year of working for them. Never had a problem with RBC but i think this bank could it done a better job with the transition.","Bank Teller Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 10, 2015","4.0"
5371,"Productive and fun place to work","Enjoyed working with co-workers and learned how to be a team player. Had many great experiences in the 13 years that I worked there.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Boca Raton, Fl","February 10, 2015","5.0"
5372,"High pressure, little management support, poor executive staff","Branch roles are all about sales and very little about service. Company executives expect a 30+ min solutions assessment conversation with 'every' customer or you must explain why you didn't have the conversation. Highly micromanaged with little support from upper management. Lobby engagement - or the 'WalMart greeter' job - is unpopular with customers and staff but upper management insists on making the staff perform it Some branch managers were absolutely horrible - one in particular went thru 14 employees in 2 years - yet was not only supported by but promoted by regional management. You have to be really liked by someone with influence or with a member of upper management to get promoted. You will not be promoted on skill alone (but this may be symptomatic of corp American in general).","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indiana","February 9, 2015","2.0"
5373,"It's Banking","A lot of work for minimal pay. Great work schedule, with all holidays off, Sundays off and shorter hours on Saturdays. Account perks were nice.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Massillon, OH","February 8, 2015","2.0"
5374,"A typical day","I work in the consumer direct division which is a call center environment working on retention of current customers. You get leads from the bank portfolio to call on and attempt to refinance. There are a lot of streamline customer's available. The biggest issue is when you do your job as a group and overload processing, they will turn the rates higher and slow production down.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 8, 2015","4.0"
5375,"Not bad but pay stinks","I loved the company it's benefits and everything that I was able to learn there from coworkers and management but the pay is not good.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","February 8, 2015","3.0"
5376,"Very good employer","Good place to work and healthy team environment. Work and Life balance. Excellent benefits and support from management","Business Banker","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","February 7, 2015","5.0"
5377,"Good hours with competitive incentives","You are able to work 9-5 and have many holidays off. It takes some time getting to know customers. There are a lot of changes taking place in the banking world which can be hard to explain to the customers.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Indiana","February 6, 2015","4.0"
5378,"Productive place and great place to work at","I loved this place. I learned a lot of thing in processing mail and I was also very fast at learning the different forms and techniques of processing. I loved that they moved me out of the processing room and trained me on the computer to put in the information for ATM cards. I was excited to move up and I truly thought that. I was going to get hired on permanently and they told me that. I thought that I had a job to grow from and I would be there for some years to come. I did everything they asked me to do and they told me that they where going to hire me and they turned around and gave the job to a person that was always late, or calling off and hardly knew what she was doing. They hired her permanently. I was so crushed. But all and all I did love that job","Mail and File Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2015","5.0"
5379,"Interesting and challenging place to work","Working at this bank back as a consultant was a challenging opportunity as they were introducing processes and methodologies for managing their IT environment.","Release Management Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2015","4.0"
5380,"Good work/life balance","It is a nice organization to work for if a person is clearly at an established level within their career who is looking for their last job. People tend to coast and are very comfortable not progressing or pushing boundaries for improvement. It is an environment that breeds stability and mediocrity.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","February 5, 2015","2.0"
5381,"Bait and Switch at Miracle Mile","I applied for a CSA position, and was hired. I was informed that I would be working mainly at a service desk, with limited time on the teller line ( I was told 90% service desk / 10% teller line). I found this to be acceptable, having 8 years of banking experience, I was interested in learning more about customer service / account opening and sales than working on the teller side. I was completely mislead. I worked at the Miracle Mile branch for 8 months, and in that eight months, was on the teller line everyday, with very minimal time at a service desk. The turn over rate for tellers at this branch is ridiculous, I believe this is due to low wages and incredibly poor management skills. These employees must handle extremely large amounts of cash and are faced with the possibility of armed robbery daily, stress levels are through the roof. I inquired with my manager, and she reacted in a very unprofessional manor. I was then berated as to who told me this information, which by the way, she did and basically, I was treated as though I was being reprimanded, for inquiring about my current position. In truth, I feel I was hired for one position, and the manager just placed me where she needed a body. At this point, I decided that there was something drastically wrong with what I had been told at the interview, and with the treatment I received from the management. I knew that I was never going to be able to perform the position that I had been hired for. So within a month, I found a position with another company, paying much better and without the micromanaging. this bank could - more...","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Monroeville, PA","February 5, 2015","2.0"
5382,"Nice place to work if you enjoy talking to people about services !!","Open branch, perform night drop bags before opening, servicing customers needs(deposits,check cashing, payments etc) Lobby engagement with customers. Engage in conversation to help customers get every service that we offer . Balancing at end of day. Performing various closing duties,","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","February 4, 2015","3.0"
5383,"knowledgable","It was an great and growing experience to work for this bank My knowledge during that time was grown extensively and I came to meet some of the best co-workers I still call friends today.","Senior Processing","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 4, 2015","4.0"
5384,"Productive and fun place to work for.","I had just started my career in IT and it was very stressful to work with large team and understanding business. My manager coached and help me a lot. Felt very good during completion of my project. I did learned a lot about IT industry and finance while at this bank. Initially I was overwhelm by the data but once I started to see it in smaller segment it was comprehensible.","Business Objects Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburg, PA","February 4, 2015","5.0"
5385,"Name Change - Game Change","Ability to grow within the company was unlimitless. In some instances management encouraged the growth of employees reporting to them. Other instances management was extremely difficult to communicate with - unable to locate or reach by phone.","Business Banking","Former Employee","Troy, MI","February 4, 2015","5.0"
5386,"Productive, fun and a great learning experience","A typical day at work is helping customers with their transactions such as deposits, withdrawals, and account reviews I have learned a great deal since I started in June 2014. I learned business banking, and improved my communication skills and customer service as well. I love my co-workers, I really enjoy working with them, that is another reason why I am so happy to go to work everyday The challenging part of the job is having zero difference at the end of every shift The most enjoyable part of the job is having a conversation with customers and co-workers","Teller","Current Employee","Olney, MD","February 3, 2015","5.0"
5387,"Few people and data to do what was needed","chasing down data alone. mortgage industry from various viewpoints. no co-workers really. hardest part was to be able to get data. nothing really to be liked","AVP","Former Employee","Libertyville, IL","February 3, 2015","1.0"
5388,"Good","It was really good working on this company.People were very helpful here and the career growth was great. I absolutely enjoyed working in this company.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Ohio","February 3, 2015","5.0"
5389,"bank","Teller transactions as payments, deposits and withdraws.. Customer Servic Really good enviroment place. In charge of the AT Vault custodia Daily reconciliations. Audits","Back-up Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","February 3, 2015","5.0"
5390,"Good atmosphere, room to advance","Overall good experience at this bank. There are any opportunities to move up if you are willing to work hard. Very good experience with management.","Implementations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 2, 2015","4.0"
5391,"*","Not a fan of the hour lunches. Feel like it's a waste of time. Also, feeling like there is no balance between work and life is hard.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 2, 2015","3.0"
5392,"Good place to work but could be better.","The pay is in the lower range of the industry but they treat their employees very well and are very big on the work life balance.","Change Management","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 2, 2015","4.0"
5393,"Yes","Installed, Configured and administered WebLogic server 10.3.6 for development, testing and production environment on RHEL6.4 platform. Installed and configured Apache 2.2 with Oracle WebLogic Application server.","WebLogic Administrator","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 2, 2015","4.0"
5394,"Great company","Company provides support and opportunities to all employees. Overall great experience in the private client group. Would recommend this group to all bankers.","AVP - Private Client Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Swarthmore, PA","February 1, 2015","5.0"
5395,"Just another corporation","Being a teller is not mentally challenging, but corporate requirements and training will make you feel like you're an idiot who needs to be told common sense things at least three times a day Have you seen Office Space You will be told the same thing by multiple bosses. You will be ridiculed and penalized for doing non-work things even when there hasn't been anyone at the bank in hours. You will be lectured about how you should be getting more people to sign up for accounts no matter how well you're doing or how implausible the goal. You may work with great people, but you shouldn't think anyone is your friend, no matter how much it seems like this bank is trying to encourage you to have a best friend at work. If you don't have a college degree and don't mind going through the monotony and company grind, there are some opportunities for advancement that may benefit you. Also, your experience may be very different depending on where you work. I visited many different branches in the central Illinois area and your daily experience is largely determined by your co-workers. Some branches are much more laid back and willing to laugh with you, and others will be filled with supervisors who will, at every opportunity, try to repress your individuality and diminish your self-worth.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","February 1, 2015","3.0"
5396,"I was unhappy with everything at this bank","the Management was unprofessional. The guidelines were unclear. The was no help or chance for advancement. I felt alone when I had questions. It seemed that everyone was micro managed so much so that it took the personality of of the employee.","Fincial Sales Consultant - the FSC","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","January 30, 2015","1.0"
5397,"Productive work envioronment with an excellent moral amongst team members.","A typical days would consist of with the basics which included entering the borrowers' information into the system and then creating a file for each. I reviewed each loan request thoroughly to determine what type of vendor items I would need to order and what documentation I may need from the customer to process their loan application. Additionally, the vendor items I would order would be title policy, flood certification, appraisal, Hazard Insurance, Condo blanket insurance policy. I learned in this business how to adapt to change very quickly as a Lenders' guidelines can change quite often and as a Processor/Credit Analyst it is our responsibility to adhere to the guidelines to ensure we have a sale able credit worthy loan. The hardest part of this job was obtaining cash contributions from the seller for the short sale they were trying to get approved.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 29, 2015","5.0"
5398,"Loved working for the company","Back issues which kept me from efficiently performing excel level.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 29, 2015","3.0"
5399,"It is fun to work in a micro management department","I like this company we treat each other like a family. I learned how to handle different kind of job functions.","Remittance Clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","January 29, 2015","4.0"
