5000,"Fun workplace. Decent hours and pay","Fun workplace. Room for advancement however in order to advance you need to back stab people. Co-workers very hardworking. Hardest part of the job is having to deal with politics. Most enjoyable part of the job is working on different issues for customers.","Treasury Management Client Service Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2015","3.0"
5001,"Productive and nice","Good learning experience. Nice management and staff . also, share good team work and learnt a lot from seniors and co-workers","QA Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","August 14, 2015","5.0"
5002,"Supportive team members","Sales is a difficult and competitive field. The support of the team makes it a fun and rewarding experience. It is a great way to learn to personalize and speak intelligently to potential clients.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","August 14, 2015","4.0"
5003,"Working at this bank","A typical day at the branch level consists of outbound calling, assisting clients with their financial needs and issues. Furthermore, daily reports and reporting of numbers is a requirement as well. It is absolutely vital to be able to work with your team members and other partners throughout this bank. The hardest part of the job to me is that there is hardly any advancement to other areas of interest. The most enjoyable part of my job is to be able to help clients, provide sound financial recommendations as well as getting to know your clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Coshocton, OH","August 14, 2015","4.0"
5004,"Very mentally draining","Moved my way up through the ranks the first twelve years. Total of fifteen year time span from drive through window teller to my last position as Senior Loan Support Specialist. Very fast paced and often times not enough help with work load. They expected you at times to carry the work load of five people and get the work done in a short time frame and be accurate. No room for advancement in my department. Favoritism shown to often within the department. Employee turn around was tremendous. There was no sense of diversity or inclusion within the financial institution.","Senior Loan Support Specialist II","Former Employee","Baltimore, Maryland","August 13, 2015","1.0"
5005,"Productive and Fun workplace","A typical day consists of opening the bank, getting all teller materials ready for the day, and handling all transactions while providing exceptional customer service to all clients.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Madison, NJ","August 13, 2015","5.0"
5006,"Productive","Productive work environment. Most enjoyable was to be able to work closely with your team members. Co-workers are really nice. You come in and do your job with accuracy and effiency","Document Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 13, 2015","3.0"
5007,"All about the profits and the money"," this bank is just like every other financial institution with 60,000 employees you are a number. They are stuck on maximizing profit and reducing the benefit because all that is important at the end of the day is the stock report.","Consultant","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","August 13, 2015","2.0"
5008,"Under staffed","Under staffed and over worked in some departments , A good ole boy hiring and promoting procedure. Sorry no free Pizza ever!","Mortgage","Former Employee","Jacksonville fl","August 12, 2015","3.0"
5009,"Productive","This company taught me how to work as a team and not alone. I learned how to deal with multiple personalities. I learned how to work as a team to meet company's goals and deadlines. It also taught me that I'm better off working for myself and produce a significant amount of income.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 12, 2015","3.0"
5010,"Great learning expirience. Enjoyed working for a large corporation and honing in on my previous skills while learning a myriad of others.","Great place to start working professionally. Learned many different skills all the while sharpening any previous skills that I currently had.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Franklin, PA","August 11, 2015","4.0"
5011,"stong work environement provide great customer services and an fun environement to work in","coming in to work to do what i love to do best where it feels like im not working but just doing something that i really enjoy doing. the most enjoyable part of this job is the fact that i can assist the customers to the best of my ability and helping people is something i take great pride doing","personal banker","Current Employee","west orange new jersey","August 11, 2015","4.0"
5012,"Good Company","Good company to work for, has genuine concern for it customers well being as well as its employees. Large company that is still maintaining it small town roots.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 11, 2015","5.0"
5013,"Tough to Advance","Been here about 10 years, and I have never been promoted in the department I worked in. The only time I have moved up in grade is when I left the department. I now have 2 degrees (one in a Business field) and am becomingly more frustrated with the opportunities that I have been seeing. I wish there was a development program for internal employees. Management overall has been hit and miss over the years. Some managers are engaged, some have not been. Some managers have had great people skills and the ability to communicate effectively, while others talk down to you and are condescending. Co-workers over the years have ranged from mature professionals to downright ignorant and lazy. Hardest parts of the jobs over the years is the infrequency of work throughout many of the jobs.","Risk Purchased Loan Closer Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","August 11, 2015","4.0"
5014,"this bank is committed to its community."," this bank is a great place to work. this bank's Grow Up Great program helps prepare kids from birth to age 5 for success in school and life.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Jackson, MI","August 11, 2015","4.0"
5015,"productive and fast paced with many advancement opportunities with supportive leadership"," this bank is a great company to work for. I have been fortunate to have many of my superiors support me in advancing within the company. I have also been lucky to have to ability to be cross trained not only on banker side but on teller side which has allowed me to become a teller supervisor. I very much enjoy doing many things as well as learning new things. this bank has allowed me to be very versitile. At my current location a typical day is very fast paced. The branch handles a large amount of cash deposits as well as high transaction count. I manage and coach my teller team with a very positive approach. Making sure that everyone is engaged at work and know there expectations. Customer service is key at this bank which is important to me.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Woodridge, IL","August 10, 2015","5.0"
5016,"Company that provides opportunity through referrals"," this bank is a company that rewards talent and recognizes hard work. Unfortunately, on a higher level it is also a company that emphasizes and re-emphasizes the need to control costs and become more automated, so job security in some areas is less than ideal. Overall, I find the atmosphere rewarding and my co-workers and management very knowledgeable and engaged. Salary could be better but isn't terrible.","Anonymous","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 9, 2015","3.0"
5017,"Good","Its a great company with good benefits. Atmosphere is relaxed and the work is plentiful. Would recommend to others considering this bank.","Support Accountant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 6, 2015","5.0"
5018,"Productive","Data Entry and copying confidential documents. Learning to be accurate, decision maker, detail oriented. Management encouragement to learn and grow. Meeting deadlines. Benefits","Lending operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2015","4.0"
5019,"I like what I do","Just keying and learning job functions. This is a great company to work for. The money should be a little better though. That's all I have to say about it","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 5, 2015","3.0"
5020,"Some good some bad","There are many things that need improvement in their investment process and management style. Overall its a great entry level position but as of right now has not been developed into a true career path where an individual can build a book of business.","Advisor Direct Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 5, 2015","3.0"
5021,"Okey place to work","Great place to get started, but not for long term. Pay is low in average and main incentive is Quarterly bonus; however, said bonuses can be taken away with a simple write up. The customer rating system has a big impact on your development and with the newly adopted no fee refunds policy; it's hard to balance customers and company while still keeping a 'Perfect' customer service rating. Anything less than a five and your looking at weeks on conference calls, coaching and potential disciplinary action/write ups.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","PA","August 5, 2015","2.0"
5022,"Just not a good experience","They will hire almost anyone. Management is not very well put together, and the concept of what they want you to do in a grocery store branch is just not a good strategy.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","owings mills, MD","August 5, 2015","1.0"
5023,"Graet Place to work with Great People","Meet all different type of people everyday with all different aspects of life. It was exciting most of the time but sometime gets stress full. Co-workers here were great people to work with, very helpful and fun.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","August 4, 2015","4.0"
5024,"Productive and fun atmosphere with many social events","Overall it's a great company to work for. It has a very professional atmosphere but is also a fun environment because of the group of people I work with. Everyone is very social which is a huge part of the job. The company encourages its employees to grow not only professionally, but as a person overall too. I have learned a tremendous amount about managing money over the four years that I have worked there.","Teller","Current Employee","Laurel, Maryland","August 4, 2015","4.0"
5025,"Ok","Its an OK place to work. Some managers are extremely driven and belittle their employees. It's more of a hassle to get things done when a manager is all over your case and you are just tryng to do your job.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","August 4, 2015","3.0"
5026,"Teller Supervisor","This place is good while you are going to school. It is not very demanding job, the only problem is sales that you need to make per month.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Norridge, IL","August 3, 2015","3.0"
5027,"Extremely busy, fast paced work enviorment","As soon as I come in the call volume is normally at an overflow. I have learned how to enroll and navigate through all our online banking data bases, and I can normally always troubleshoot any problems as far as technical goes. Management always seems to be changing in some sort of aspect, not necessarily the people in management but the roles and what they do do. I love, adore, and respect all my co workers, and all the individual leadership the offer. The hardest part about my job is the constant technical issues not being resolved, and are customers always being on hold for more then 20 minutes every time they call are Care Center. The most enjoyable part about my job is the recognition and the time they find to recognize the employees for the small things.","Online Banking Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 3, 2015","4.0"
5028,"I believe in coming to work to do your job and let others see what you are made of.","I love banking, its second nature to me. With the experience I have in banking, I see myself in corporate and mentoring others in the workplace. I love helping others. I also love banking as a whole. I truly know I can reach the top of the corporate world and making good money by the experience and knowledge that I have learned over the years.","Teller","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","August 3, 2015","3.0"
5029,"High Call Volume Customer Care center","A typical day at work will have 60-100 incoming customer call Fast paced call center with high attention to detail and customer service. Internal Quality and customer service quality is required to be met along with schedule adherence. Company has tuition reimbursement and room to grow. You will work with a team of co workers that share the same goals as you and are helping to achieve those goals daily","Customer Service Representative III","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 3, 2015","5.0"
5030,"Banking Experts","Working as a collection specialist, really displayed the importance and impact of debt. There were many ways in which one could advance there and they were very flexible working with students.","Consumers Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 3, 2015","4.0"
5031,"this bank Mortgage","Its an okay job all around. Pay is decent. Not a fan of the benefits offered but all around its a decent place of employment","Collection Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 2, 2015","4.0"
5032,"Great Company very low pay","Great company to work for! Very low compensation! Turnover rate seems high especially at the entry level positions. A lot of job opportunities throughout the company","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2015","4.0"
5033,"Excellent company"," this bank is a great company with excellent benefits. It is a company with a positive attitude towards helping their employees succeed.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Bloomington, IL","July 31, 2015","5.0"
5034,"Excellent work life balance and strong helpful community","The work day is always interesting with new assignments and projects. Everyone that you work around is always willing to help you out.","Project Manager Intern","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2015","5.0"
5035,"Web Based Banking","WBB (Web Based Banking) helps online banking customers to see past transactions and plan for future ones that will apply for selected accounts. WBB online banking tracks the incoming and outgoing cash over time. WBB is integrated with CFI (Cash flow Insight) and BDC (BillDotCom) services for maintaining Cashin/Cashout accounts in CFI and bills/Invoices in BDC.","Senior J2EE Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2015","4.0"
5036,"I love working at this bank","I go to work and try to meet sales goal and help my customers. I learn to solve customer issue. Management is very pretty good and I know what I need to do. My coworkers are all very friendly. sometime is hard to make sales goal. I enjoy talking to different people who come in to the bank.","Floating Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","July 30, 2015","5.0"
5037,"The most enjoyable part ot the job","I enjoy working face to face with clients and giving them the best advice I can for their financial well being. I enjoy most when as a team with go great in a Gallup survey and get bonuses for it.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, Illinois","July 30, 2015","5.0"
5038,"Na"," this bank is a company that is ever evolving. The most enjoyable part of my day is helping the customer and my coworkers. The company encourages their employees to stay abreast on their procedures and policies to ensure that all government regulations are being followed.","Commercial Loan Support Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2015","3.0"
5039,"Love working with customer","utilize my extensive sales, customer service. Making sure that all work get done on time, coached, and developed new plans so that we can meet our monthly goal Love new challenges.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Touhy, Niles IL","July 28, 2015","4.0"
5040,"Not for everyone","Very demanding and heavy call volume always. Very strict guidelines to meet. The company asks for our opinions of how to approve but then lacks the follow through.","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","July 28, 2015","3.0"
5041,"Nice place to work and make a career out of","The management works hard to make sure everyone is happy. benefits are wonderful. this bank really cares about their employees health","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Elkton, MD","July 28, 2015","4.0"
5042,"Productive","Some branches are busy and others are slow. Have to know how to adapt to each type of customer. Learned great money management skills, and working with various teams in different branches. Great people to work with. Benefits are okay.","Floating Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlantic City, NJ","July 27, 2015","4.0"
5043,"Love my job","Customer that came in for mortgage needs the bank referred to me. Hardest part was building relationship for customers in the bank.","LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 27, 2015","5.0"
5044,"Great place to work","it was a great place to work. I learned Responsible for interacting with customers to provide information in response to inquiries about products and services and to handle and resolve complaints. Resolved customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, and adjusting bills. Contacted customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results and any planned adjustments .Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.","Temporary Contract Assignment","Former Employee","Rocky Mount NC","July 26, 2015","5.0"
5045,"productive customer service driven environment","A typical work day consists of a jump start meeting in the mornings. followed by opening the location. We then begin to prepare for clients to walk in as well as making cold calls to perspective clients and current clients who are due for a financial review Working at this bank has taught me how to assess credit applications, open checking and saving accounts, and also many things about retirement and investment accounts. My immediate supervisor is great.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wynnewood, PA","July 26, 2015","3.0"
5046,"Great company to work for, diverse environment, great experience.","A great diverse environment that values their employees job performances, driven focus on customers financial needs to companies standards. Team oriented, awesome experience.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 25, 2015","5.0"
5047,"A Hot Mess of Really Terrible Management","I don't know what more to say outside of the title. I have worked in management for a couple banks, and have never seen anything as horrible as this bank. The culture is so fake, phony, and full off booty kissing it literally makes me sick to come to work. Pay is barely average. Support from Pittsburgh is non-existent, products are a joke, and don't even get me started on line of business partners. Turnover is ridiculously high. Don't do it.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 23, 2015","2.0"
5048,"A day of a bank manager","My day consists of coaching my employees on outbound sales calls as well as during client interactions. This goes on throughout the day. When I am not doing this, I will make outbound business calls to generate business appointments. I make action plans for various goals such as CIQ (customer experience) and EIQ (employee experience). Take care of clients as they come in for their various needs. My coworkers/the team I manage consists of 4 individuals at all different levels. One in more tenured at over 14 years of service down to one that has been with me for only three months. I would not say there is a hardest part of the job, I see challenges as opportunities to learn and grow. The most enjoyable part of the job is the different clients I meet and get to know on a daily basis.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Michigan City IN","July 23, 2015","3.0"
5049,"Nice Place to work","Bank teller, handling money, ATM, learned a lot. Hardest part of the job is balancing at the end of the night, and making sure all is accounted for at the end of the night not a full time job for me so that was the downfall","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Sellersburg IN","July 22, 2015","5.0"
