5450,"High Turnover Rate","A typical day at work depends on what area you work in, In the PG county area the branch is always busy and the management was always focused on sales and what could you get from the customers they didn't care about what the customer actually needed or didn't need they just wanted us to sell. The work job life and work life balance was very uncompromising because we worked 8hrs a day Saturday through Monday and Sunday we were open for five hrs as well as certain holidays so only your vacation was a way to get away and actually enjoy some home life. There was never any job security at this bank they looked at you as a liability if you didn't earn them money or if you were costing them money and advancement was chosen by not how hard you work but the major of the advancement I've seen came by favoritism. If there is a turn around in management the job culture would be a lot better because the stress starts small but when the stress builds from the upper class management down it shows throughout the company down to the FSC so this bank as a company needs to work on their management and job culture as a whole. The compensation....WHAT the whole breakdown and system that they have is ridiculous I never was satisfied with my quarterly earnings plus it took to long to receive such antipated income....sorry wasn't good enough for me!! The benefits well you still pay more out your pocket then what they cover so there you go!! It was a interesting experience and I met interesting people but I am blessed to have found somewhere else that cares for me and actually cares about the customer and not the - more...","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Hyattsville, MD","December 30, 2014","3.0"
5451,"The Employee Comes First!","At this bank, your opinions seem to count. There is a great culture of inclusion and respect through weekly district calls, yearly employee surveys, and continuous learning & coaching.","Universal Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","December 29, 2014","5.0"
5452,"Great Culture, Genuinely Care about clients","I've worked for this bank for years and they are successful by doing what's in our clients best interest. They do not product push and goals are attainable. Culture is fun and you build relationships with co-workers. The only con I have about this bank is their compensation to loyal and long standing team members.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","December 28, 2014","4.0"
5453,"Great place to work!","This was my first job. It taught me a lot about work ethic and focus. I became close friends with all of my co-workers and I would go back if I could.","ITEM PROCESSOR","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 28, 2014","4.0"
5454,"Going in the right direction.","I honestly can say I love my job. After doing something similar at another large bank, you can tell this bank does things a bit differently. I feel like upper management cares about me, knows my name, and treats me fairly. Everyday I'm home around 5:15 which promotes great work/life balance. I feel like I have enough time to do the work asked of me, and if I have a question I know I can reach out to quite a few people to help The ONE thing I don't like is the training. It's very minimal and inconvenient. I think I could've benefited from more training than just a week, there's a lot to learn! Other than that, this bank is a great place to work.","Teller supervisor","Current Employee","Indiana","December 24, 2014","5.0"
5455,"Productive and was not conflicting with personal life","I loved the atmosphere and the people that I worked with. The only reason that I was not able to stay was because of my school schedule","Senior Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","December 23, 2014","5.0"
5456,"Good work balance","Sustained pressure to meet production targets Learnt to be able direct one self.","Lockbox","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","December 21, 2014","3.0"
5457,"A nice and a professional working place","In a typical working day i had a great team of workers,good supervision by managers.Obviously the hardest part is the end of the day where you balance your cash drawer to prove you had no shortages or overages.The fun aspect is convincing customers to subscribe to a particular product","Bank teller","Current Employee","Paterson, NJ","December 21, 2014","5.0"
5458,"Productive work place.","A typical day at this bank can vary from many things account openings, account closings, debit/credit card transactions, money orders, cashiers checks, international wire transfers. Garda pick-up currency orders. Also a significant amount of cash handling The management at this bank means well. Very well focused on how our numbers look and the money we have coming in and out of the branch. Management at this bank works hard on our team to make us the best of the best but lacks on making us feel like the best. We're always pointed out on our flaws and not so much our strong points. Working for this bank you're never going to be at the top of your game, there is always something you lack on My co-workers at this bank are like a second family we are our own little team and we are always there for one another. We know when to get things done, how to and we know when we can sit back and relax because we know the job is done correctly The hardest part of my career with this bank is getting recognition for the hard work you do day in and day out seven days a week. Working out every unresolved issue and problem with peoples accounts or just giving them a peace of mind on some confusion is hard work knowing everyday you walk in those doors you never know what is going to be brought to your attention or brought to the table The most enjoyable part of my job is seeing a customer walk out of those doors with a smile on their face knowing they can trust me and that they have all there finances in the right hands. Knowing when that customer comes back they are going to be the most loyal customer a business - more...","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","State college, PA","December 20, 2014","4.0"
5459,"Great place to work","Typical day at work is getting on the phones and helping customers. We would have team meetings and did many cool team related training activities. Training was extensive. 90+ days of training. Bonded well with my co-workers.","Outreach Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 19, 2014","5.0"
5460,"productive","great place to work. the employers care about you as a person.","Teller","Former Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","December 18, 2014","5.0"
5461,"Great for college grads","I started working at this bank when I graduated from college and it was good to learn how to work in a fast pace environment. Now the pay is not great at all but the experience you can not put a price on","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Morrestown, NJ","December 18, 2014","3.0"
5462,"Supervising many direct reports, relationship banking no force selling","Supervising many direct reports, relationship banking no force selling","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Stuart, FL","December 17, 2014","5.0"
5463,"Regional Facilitator","I manage new hire employees upon entrance to the company. Complete their I9 and EEV verifications. Training entry level to executives on job various job descriptions. traveling 75% of the time on the east coast","Regional Facilitator","Current Employee","Regional headquarters in Washington Dc","December 16, 2014","2.0"
5464,"Worked my way up","When I started there, I started in lock box as just data entry, but I found that I needed more stimulation and took it upon myself to learn the modules and running the TRP machines, until I finally made work lead in the area. There was no movement upwards, became stuck in the same spot until I moved to Collateral Clerk position.","Collateral Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2014","5.0"
5465,"Good Place To Work"," this bank Mortgage was your typical mortgage environment. It was a place that employed dedicated and hard working individuals. It provided the proper training that you needed to excel in your position. Your managers were also making sure that you needs were met and had high quality communication skills.","Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 16, 2014","3.0"
5466,"Nepotism talent need not apply!","I worked out of the operations center. At first they hired me to a good position with promises of work life balance and a cooperative work environment and career growth. Instead I found an environment rife with turmoil, in office back biting, ineffective and abusive leadership. Every time and I do mean every time when the management had an opportunity to show that they believed and stood by the core principals professed by the company... like say every employee matters... they not only showed no empathy to employees but buried them under the excuse 'the companies needs'. Also don't expect to have your ideas and attempts at collaborative teamwork and sharing to be valued. Unless sanctioned by the upper management down you are not to be a high performer as this may reflect poorly on the abilities of other longer tenured employees and in turn hurt how they look. Oh and when doing your job do not do it so well you get recognized by higher ups for your effort! If you are given a plaque, trophy, certificate to hang on the wall try and hide it don't display it even if asked to by that upper management as your tenured co-workers and direct management will begin to make your life miserable and throw you under the bus anytime possible.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2014","1.0"
5467,"Stable work evironment"," this bank is a good company to work for if you are looking for good, stable work that does not ask for much of a commitment above 40 hours. The compensation and benefits leave much to be desired.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2014","4.0"
5468,"Productive and fun place to work. Lots of training available.","Management was great. Lots of opportunity for continued growth and learning. Co-workers were always willing to lend a helping hand and make the transition to new positions very enjoyable.Each day brought new challenges and growth which made for an enjoyable day.","Business Analyst I","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","December 14, 2014","5.0"
5469,"fun place to work, great coworkers","Reconcile plan and participant level statements for assigned client retirement plans. Utilize Schwab RT system to enter trades on behalf of retirement plans. Coordinate and process adjustments on individual retirement plans. Collaborate with other internal departments to ensure accuracy of transactions processed. Provide assistance with dividend and fee processing for assigned book of retirement plans.","Trust Operations Support Accountant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2014","5.0"
5470,"Enjoyed working with public.","Very rewarding, the job , from a customers perspective looks very uncomplicated. It was more complicated than it looked and when your cash drawer balanced out, it was a terrific feeling.","part time","Current Employee","New Castle, DE","December 12, 2014","5.0"
5471,"A Somewhat Challenging IT Culture","Most of the challenge in moving forward or making changes is that the wheels move at a snail's pace, and communication between teams can be non-existent. On the other hand, the people are great, this bank understands its employees have a life outside of work, and there is a lot of flexibility.","SENIOR TECHNOLOGY RISK OFFICER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2014","3.0"
5472,"employee focused, great advancement potential","Supervised, coached, and led employees on collection strategies, monthly department goals, and all performance and regulatory expectations. Provided team(s) and senior managers with various daily and monthly performance reports. Optimized the overall customer experience by conducting frequent side-by-side coaching. Enforced Consumer Default policies, procedures and quality assurance measures.Assisted technology partners in the development and launch of various system and technology implementations.","Consumer Default Operations Supervisor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 11, 2014","5.0"
5473,"Pcg","Working directly with clients and a team of financial specialist to create a personalized financial plan.","Private Client Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Dublin, OH","December 11, 2014","5.0"
5474,"Nice place to work for","Enjoyed this company. The people I worked with and the customers were wonderful. I only left because I thought I was going to a better career choice and opportunity.","Accounts Benefits Advisor - LFSC","Former Employee","Holland, PA","December 11, 2014","5.0"
5475,"this bank...","Working at this bank has many Pros/Cons like any company.. I must say that this company has a lot of 'micromanagement' which can make its employees uncomfortable as well as no flexibility with a work/school/personal life balance.. but they offer a lot of benefits.","Financial Consultant I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2014","4.0"
5476,"Great Coworkers, Bad Management","There is opportunity to learn from your coworkers but there is a lack of management assistance to see you move forward in your position.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2014","4.0"
5477,"Teller","Overall great company to work for. Would handle large sums of cash per day, company was great with training.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Huber Heights, OH","December 9, 2014","5.0"
5478,"Good company for upward mobility elsewhere","I worked for this bank Investments for two years. I was a top performer in my area. The bank staff is first class and engaged. Management is only focused on their goals not why or how you achieve them. Pay is well below market average. I never worked as hard for the compensation I earned.","VP Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Florida","December 9, 2014","3.0"
5479,"Team environment, lots to learn, will help in future endeavours.","My typical day at work would include signing on to my computer and catching up on emails, news reports about the company and reviewing company policies and procedures. I've learned that teamwork is the base to all accomplishments and learning everyday makes me a be better employee. The management is encouraging with my daily work and aides where needed. My co-workers are great people, they have been in the banking industry for quite a while, so I can learn from them everyday. The hardest part of the job is taking in all the new information that the bank has to offer. The most enjoyable part of the job is the clients that visit me at the bank, they make my days a lot easier and more enjoyable.","Teller","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","December 9, 2014","4.0"
5480,"Do not work for this bank","Fired because I did not fit in and they were sure to bring up that it was close to my 90 days anyway. I was pt regular.","Teller","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","December 9, 2014","3.0"
5481,"Great People and Great Enviorment","Open accounts, work on account maintenance, and advised customer on products that would best assist their financial needs. Responsible for maintaining and balancing personal drawer as well as bank vault on a daily basis. Order and verify money to ensure availability for all tellers and customers. Initiate the selling of this bank products to customers and refer them to the appropriate branch profession for further assistance. Process wire-transfers, loan applications and other legal documents such as Power of Attorney documents.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Highland Park, IL","December 7, 2014","4.0"
5482,"Engaging and educational workplace","Client facing interaction in tandem with problem resolution and sales. I've learned more about the financial environment in one year than I have in my entire lifetime thus far. Management is consistent within the company and supportive of your progress. My co-workers are hard working, driven, and fun. The hardest part of the job is troubleshooting; we see new problems every day, and we are expected to learn to solve those on our own. This is also the most enjoyable part of the job and keeps my days from becoming mundane or repetitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 7, 2014","5.0"
5483,"High Turnover","High turnover, aggressive sales culture, not the happiest place to work","Employee","Current Employee","PA","December 6, 2014","2.0"
5484,"Great employee culture"," this bank is a good place to work. Management has always been top quality, they do seem to care about you as a person. The pay could be better. The goal are very difficult to reach.","Part Time - Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Clinton, NJ","December 6, 2014","4.0"
5485,"Very productive line of business","Managed a team of business to business professionals (BDO's) in the at work banking segment across Alabama, Florida Panhandle and Mid Georgia. Job duties included hiring, coaching and developing direct staff in addition to training support mechanism. Supported in field progress through high level presentations and coaching observations.","Vice President - Market Manager Workplace Banking","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","December 5, 2014","3.0"
5486,"Bank","Responsible for the training and coaching the teller staff. Providing outstanding service on a daily basis to our valued customers.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Indiana","December 4, 2014","5.0"
5487,"Overall Great Company","I love helping people - This was a perfect job for my skill set.","Officer Relationship Manager - PCG","Current Employee","Powell, OH","December 3, 2014","5.0"
5488,"great place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank - It is a great place to work and a great place to grow your career. I would recommend this bank to anyone","Market Loan Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","December 2, 2014","5.0"
5489,"Front End Dot Net Developer","8 hours a day. agile methodlogy. team of 14 people. C# AngularJS,ADO.Net,HTML 5,CSS. JAVASCRIPT, JQuery. Good Work Environment. Web based application which was built for Real Estates clients only, where it can enlist the existing profiles of customers. And upon request its history of transactions can be retrieved.","Net Developer","Current Employee","New York, NY","December 1, 2014","5.0"
5490,"Very imformative","Informative, call center, 200 calls a day, sales calls, customer service calls","Customer service","Former Employee","Monroeville, PA","December 1, 2014","5.0"
5491,"Great client team concept promotes difficult internal team dynamics."," this bank's team approach to Wealth Management is a concept that clients like but not necessarily supported by management as it relates to employee compensation, responsibilities, and sales. Unusually high employee and supervisory management turnover makes it difficult to balance existing client experience with sales.","Investment Advisor II","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","December 1, 2014","2.0"
5492,"review","I love working for this bank. However, the only position available at the time was part-time. I need full-time hours.","Customer Service Associate - Part time","Current Employee","Sugarcreek, OH","November 30, 2014","3.0"
5493,"Previous Branch Manager","When RBC and this bank merged we were not given the accurate information to relay to customers. The merger caused good employees to look elsewhere for jobs. this bank states they are all about whats best for the customer but that's NOT true. Its all about whats best for this bank's bottom line. The pay/salaries for employees is sad very sad. The compensation for the low salaries is that employees can earn bonuses on referrals. Well in the more rural areas that is virtually impossible especially when your customers have all your products. Work life balance is funny because this bank has no clue what that is. Management does not help your thrown into doing more then one job teller/financial sales consultant/branch manager job. I have even seen branch managers (my peers) doing the regional managers jobs. Job security is a joke. The upper management will lie to your face about it. They will close branches and your customers will know its closing before the employees do. Co-workers/employees were great and work hours were great. No Saturdays.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Eastern, NC","November 30, 2014","2.0"
5494,"this bank","• Identifying sales opportunities and making referrals to ecosystem partners as appropriate. • Quality customer interactions. • Establishes a foundation of trust with each and every costumer. • Manage the costumer experience for my branch.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Rockville MD","November 30, 2014","5.0"
5495,"Fun place to work","I really felt like this bank cared about me as a person. This is an amazing company to work for and they really do take care of their employees. Compensation isn't as good as it should be but they take their time to train you and they are interested in helping you grow.","Client Service Associate","Former Employee","Virginia Beach, VA","November 29, 2014","4.0"
5496,"this bank","Upbeat team I worked with and great training. I had a motivated team and loved how this bank kept new promotions for customers.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","November 28, 2014","5.0"
5497,"Smart, reliable, hard working individual.","Arrive a little early to prepare for the day. Great relationships with management and co-workers. Learn something new every day. Most enjoyable part: interacting with co-workers and customers. Most Difficult: keeping track of multiple passwords.","Total Insight Customer Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 28, 2014","4.0"
5498,"nice place bad politics and pay","Its all about who you know. Pay wasn't very well either. Management went through a lot of changes too","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 27, 2014","3.0"
5499,"Enjoyed being a part of","love working there. great place to work. fast quick pace. lots of benefits and advancements","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 26, 2014","5.0"
