150,"N/a","Company was under-staffed. The transfer into digital branches was a terrible idea that only angered customers and upset employees. Lack of advancement ","RRT","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 30, 2022","3.0"
151,"Fun workplace, limited room to grow"," this bank is a banking service and mortgage provider. It offers its borrowers perks like interest rate discounts, cashback rewards and more. While it doesn't operate in every state, this bank lets you manage your mortgage payments online. It does have credit score requirements for some of its loan products","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Niles, IL","January 27, 2022","5.0"
152,"not bad","pay needs to be more, needs more room for growth, more family time is needed, overall something different everyday and not bad to work for. good benefits","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Illinois","January 27, 2022","4.0"
153,"Burnt out, they just extended my branch hours. ","While some companies are decreasing their branch hours for more of a work life balance this bank decides to increase the hours. My branch is now open a hour longer instead of 5 we close at 6 weekdays. And we added weekend hours! I are already burnt out with short staffing issues as well as overworked so this just makes it worse. There is no work life balance and I dread coming into work each day. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Colorado","January 26, 2022","1.0"
154,"Increased min wage","Management was unreliable around holidays, constant short staffing in branches (but good for the people that grew professionally and into different roles), company support at the beginning of COVID was great but decreased over time.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","January 26, 2022","3.0"
155,"Good company","overall good company but very stressful job, done with one call and next automatically comes in no down time to notate previous calls-overall good co ","Consultant","Former Employee","Delaware, OH","January 26, 2022","4.0"
156,"Most exhausting, depressing job ever. Not sure if it was my location, or this bank as a company. In my experience, this was the worst job I've ever had. ","Horrible & lazy management. Throws NEW employees in without correct training. Hypocritical management, not understanding of anything. Manager & ABM sit around doing nothing while putting entire workload on new staff & disagrees to help. Would never recommend this place for anyone. Mental health was not considered when talked about. Going into work I physically felt sick everyday knowing I had to deal with the stress. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Salisbury, MD","January 25, 2022","1.0"
157,"A good place for a new developer to blend in","If the job title is Software Dev Associate, beware that it's really a QA analyst role. This company hires contractors to do the real development work. It's very hard/impossible to move up from this role, forcing you to leave the company. Other than that, it's a good place to work with friendly people and good benefits. You'll have access to support and learning materials.","Software Developer Associate","Current Employee","Remote","January 25, 2022","3.0"
158,"Cool place to work","Cool place to work. Glad I had the experience and would recommend it to anyone whose just starting in their career path. I have nothing bad to say about working for the place","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","District of Columbia","January 24, 2022","5.0"
159,"This company is very fair when it comes to compensation and performance expectations. Management is great and empowers you to achieve your goals.","Great job, however, you must have a great attention to detail and good confidence when it comes to speaking. Goals are clearly set, and you depend on yourself to get them done. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","January 23, 2022","5.0"
160,"Good company to work for; one of the better-managed top banks; on a careful growth track","Management supportive, not intrusive; good, ethical and competent co-workers; the culture was a 'can-do' type of attitude; relaxed, non-hierarchical structure and tone; everything is based on problem-solving. You must care for your clients/customers. ","VP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 22, 2022","5.0"
161,"Stressful working in Brecksville, Operations Unit. Heavy workload, low pay rate. ","It's important to know your worth. You must be self-motivated and confident in your abilities. Be willing to walk away from employment with this bank as soon as you realize opportunities for advancement are not as great for you as they are for others. this bank's Brecksville unit of operations treats employees as though they are children and not professionals, by the way, they micromanage employees. A meaningful plus to employment with this bank is having an opportunity to participate in the community outreach volunteer programs when you join their Employee Business Resource Groups (EBRG). ","Loan Support Specialist II","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 22, 2022","3.0"
162,"Fast Paced Environment With Supportive Staff","Fast paced job in retail banking. Many physical branches closed so traffic is high with people that still prefer in person banking. Job entailed running withdraws, deposits, and accepting payments. Always needed to offer a financial product to customers with every transaction. A monthly quota had to be met. ","Teller","Former Employee","Marion, OH","January 21, 2022","4.0"
163,"Great culture fun place to work","I enjoyed my time at this bank. The people, environment and culture were all wonderful. However, compensation is mediocre at best and raises never exceed 2% regardless of performance.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 20, 2022","4.0"
164,"Love working from home ","It's a good company to work for benefits are good and they promote work life balance. Not happy with the hours but that's just due to me having smaller children but the work is fun and enjoyable","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 19, 2022","5.0"
165,"Excellent bank with an incredible work life balance","I've worked for this bank since Summer of 2020 and they have adapted to the virtual environment with a desire to satisfy their employees just as much as their consumers. ","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2022","5.0"
166,"Relaxed, very good time off with pay, and most departments have a team atmosphere. ","I just wish they paid more. It doesn't feel like there is much incentive for being a dedicated employee. There is not much monetary reward. The raises are minimal, even with great reviews from your manager. ","Processor","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 18, 2022","4.0"
167,"Terrible management. ","Maybe it was my location, but working at this bank was bad. Manager never wanted to help or teach me new skills. They basically throw you into the water and expect you to know everything day 1. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 18, 2022","2.0"
168,"A great job to get your foot in the door but there is no progression!","Being a Universal Banker for this bank was my first official job as an adult and I must say it is a great starting point so that you can truly understand what you need from your employers in the future. I learned so much about the importance of financial well-being and received extensive practice on how to handle all type of customer interactions which is a bonus for my future career path. The negatives of the job would be the compensation, the in-store branch hours provide no work/life balance and lastly, the constant changes in protocol and technology made it extremely difficult to keep up with proper procedures when it comes to helping customers. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","January 17, 2022","3.0"
169,"I have always enjoyed to work in this bank. Nice people ","Nice people, good benefits and a lot of opportunities to learn something new.I have always found help my colleges. And there is a great company culture.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Green Spring, VA","January 17, 2022","5.0"
170,"Not for the weak ","Calls are non stop. Metrics are high. Pay and benefits are great, but the stress will make you burn out. Managers are nice and helpful, but there will be some situations where you will not know what to do to help the customer. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 17, 2022","3.0"
171,"Nice company to work for. When I was there the incentive pay was really good. "," this bank Is a good company to work for. They are very adamant about theirs employees learning the consultative conversation. The incentive pay was good when I was there. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","January 16, 2022","5.0"
172,"No no and no","Call center is extremely busy and there is zero time to breath. They trick you and tell you your getting promoted but with no extra pay but it'll be good for the experience. Don't do it ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","January 15, 2022","3.0"
173,"Very busy place, no work life balance","It is insanely busy ok if you like being stressed out not very great managers, very stressful! No work life balance. Also clients can be very rude because of staffing issues","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Florida","January 13, 2022","2.0"
174,"Not a decent place to work for the long term. Theirs no work/life balance. ","The only positive is that it's remote. Other than that, just run. Morale is low. There is no work life balance. Call Volumes are high because of the new bank acquired.","Customer Service Representative CCC","Former Employee","Remote","January 13, 2022","1.0"
175,"Good company and good work culture ","There is lot of opportunities to learn and grow. Good work life balance and people are knowledgeable of the processes and products. However there is less transparency.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2022","4.0"
176,"Don't do it","Having to deal with the people that come into the bank is the worst part of the job. They constantly are yelling at you and trying to tear you down. this bank treats you as less of a human being and more a robot who is supposed to come to their every call and do absolutely everything they want no matter what or you're a terrible employee. I once had a family accident where a family member was in a car accident and taken to the hospital, I left 15 minutes early (at the end of the day , no customers were coming in and no work needed to be done) I got written up the next day after they said it was okay for me to leave. ","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","January 6, 2022","1.0"
177,"Solid","Great work life balance. Good amount of time off and holidays. Other benefits are okay. Advancement can be slow but there are opportunities. Okay pay, after a few years they do pay more pending good reviews","Business Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 4, 2022","5.0"
178,"Work life balance doesn't exist! ","Management knows and is completely fine with the fact that all employees are overworked. 50-60 hours a week at minimum is not only welcome but expected. Vacation? Yea right your work laptop is with you and you'll still put in a few hours a day. Training did not even slightly prepare you for your job. ","Fraud Detection and Investigation specialist","Former Employee","Ohio","January 3, 2022","1.0"
179,"Great environment ","Loved this job. Just outgrew the position. Overall a wonderful company to work for. The change to hours of operation is the biggest downfall. The place begins to feel like a family for sure.","Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville, IN","January 3, 2022","5.0"
180,"Great place","Good place to work but hours need to be changed! Even Saturday need to be rotated for all employees. We have our life outside of the company. Overall great place to work","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Arlington Heights, IL","December 29, 2021","5.0"
181,"The job was not enjoyable. Micromanaging was a major pain point. ","The work is tedious. The account holders are rude. My manager was never available when needed yet somehow micromanaged my every move. Training was insufficient. Tons of info is crammed into 15 min meetings, there's no room for questions lest we go 1 sec over. High expectations with minimal support.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Remote","December 28, 2021","2.0"
182,"Enjoyed working with this bank, but feeling overworked, overstressed and underpaid is the reason in which I chose to leave this bank.","Enjoyed working with this bank, but feeling overworked, overstressed and underpaid is the reason in which I chose to leave this bank. this bank had a great team environment, great support while in training, but you truly have to be self reliant afterwards and be proactive on your training and information retention.","Escalations Supervisor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 28, 2021","4.0"
183,"Branch Manager can make job difficult ","It is so unfortunate that my experience resulted in poor taste, as I was diligent throughout the interview process, even when I was chosen as a 2nd option. Which didn't change my enthusiasm-and I was eager to move forward. I was met with quite a bit of resistance from the branch Manager in my new hire training and I found that odd considering the position needed filled. Hopefully, there can be more rigorous checks and balances pertaining to managerial conduct. Otherwise, the customers were mostly pleasant! I also received some great reviews from them. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","December 26, 2021","1.0"
184,"Ok place to work","Ok place to work . Work life balance is great , however not much room for growth worse if you are part time! I didn't get much benefit so I cannot comment on that aspect","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Castle, PA","December 26, 2021","4.0"
185,"Never Again!!!","If you have struggle with severe anxiety like me, this is not the job for you. You will be training for a few weeks, learning and doing homework then they throw you on the phone but with little support. Every day I had nothing but people calling in screaming at me, and when you reach out for help from retail support you get nothing but rude responses from fellow COWORKERS. Managers micromanage you and don't give you clear answers on how to improve, they just throw articles in your face so if you are hands on it takes multiple mistakes to learn anything. They have unrealistic goals they want you to meet and they don't care about you as a individual, they only care about numbers. You will be monitored on every single thing you are doing. The only thing that ever made this job worth staying was the money, expensive health insurance. This job made me so extremely unhappy, stressed and anxious every single day. Do yourself a favor and don't work here.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","December 23, 2021","1.0"
186,"Good pay and incentive pay. Micromanaging is out of hand.","The micromanaging is over the top. It's like you're a child. They like to sit in with you and your customer to watch everything you do even if you are a top performer. This causes a lot of anxiety and stress and is shown to inhibit performance. You've trained me and I've passed all the classes/training/observations. I'll ask for help if I need it. Now leave me alone and I will soar!!","Banker","Current Employee","Florida","December 22, 2021","2.0"
187,"Can be a great place to work depending on your position.","Worked in multiple positions in this company. As a Teller, I loved what I did. Always felt as though management had my back and wanted to see me succeed. As a customer care consultant, it was the total opposite.","Teller","Former Employee","Chestertown, MD","December 22, 2021","3.0"
188,"Only cares about money.","The company does not care about you as a person. The only thing they care about is making money off the customers, not for the customers well being. Awful work hours.","Teller","Former Employee","Camby, IN","December 21, 2021","2.0"
189,"Great place ","Great friendly environment to work in. Lots of regular customers who you learn to see every day and develop relationships. Talked away so it can be hard to promote incentives","Teller","Former Employee","Hackensack, NJ","December 20, 2021","5.0"
190,"Outdated dinosaur trying to survive.","Limited collateral options, and slowing moving back office. this bank is a dinosaur technology wise internally, and will go the way of the dodo if they don't streamline processes. Solid financial products, and good vision in some areas but lost in the sauce in others. They coach to career growth, but when you ask about advancement you are told to wait.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Florida","December 19, 2021","3.0"
191,"Great chance to learn and grow","This company was a great start for someone in banking to learn the functions of a bank. You will be thoroughly trained in your role. Great place to work overall the pay is very competitive. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Davie, FL","December 18, 2021","3.0"
192,"Good and supportive coworkers. Short staff all the time because they keep cutting positions. ","It is not a bad place to start your carrier and to learn about banking but if you want to stay there think about it because you are going to work the whole day almost every day no days off. unrealistic sales goal and it's all about sales. Some Bad and rude manager's even if you give a bad review for those bad managers of course nothing happens they just make you look bad because they get the information so they know who gave them the score and the will come after you to find a reason to write you up or possibly fire you . Forget about being a supervisor because you have to do the job so you basically have just the title more work and less pay . ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rockville, MD","December 17, 2021","2.0"
193,"Great company, excellent benefits, pay could be a little higher"," this bank is great, lots of opportunities for growth and amazing access to all sorts of different training. Supportive atmosphere. The benefits are impressive: good healthcare plus HSA with employer contribution, fertility assistance, maternity leave paid at 100%, 401k matching, pension, etc. Only downside is the salary is on the lower side. But may be worth it for the decent work life balance.","Software Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 14, 2021","5.0"
194,"Good company ","Opportunity for growth. High bonuses. Great benefits. Nice 401k plan. You will get earn good money, but you'll work extremely hard for every cent. Flexible hours and they offer work at home.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2021","5.0"
195,"Overall a great place to work, but not necessarily compensated on the higher end. ","Overall a great place to work, but not necessarily compensated on the higher end. Great benefits and great management. Sometimes the constant restructuring can get confusing","Software Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2021","4.0"
196,"Great Place to work","Great place to work. Managers push metrics and advancement in the company. There is always room for growth. Very diverse environments and lots of peer appreciation. Highly cultured environment. ","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","December 10, 2021","5.0"
197,"It's ok","Pay isn't great and raises are extremely low. Hard to gain experience to move up in the company. Must be willing to jump around from one department to another to potentially gain experience. Health benefits and retirement benefits are good.","Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2021","3.0"
198,"Lack of growth/High turnover","I worked at this bank for 6 years. High turnover, poor pay and lack of growth. They want to you sell yet you can never leave the branch due to no staff. Boys club. ","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","December 9, 2021","1.0"
199,"Good Starter Company","This company is good for people just starting out in the financial world and needing to gain experience. PTO is great 1st year, you have full access to those benefits, on a prorated basis, at hire. Management micro managers and is tough. Sales are pushed heavily despite extremely reduced traffic in the branches due to promoting 'self-banking' technologies so heavily. You are expected to cold call a minimum of 10 dials a day. Some of the conversations with customers are very difficult as they are very irritated by all the changes at this bank. Financial centers have caused a lot of customer dissatisfaction and reduced traffic even more, putting a lot of pressure on employees to meet sales goals","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 9, 2021","3.0"
