2000,"Great work enviroment","Loved working for this company they made it enjoyable to come to work people are very friendly and helpful. Their compensation made sense to the amount of work associated with the job role.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Burke, VA","October 29, 2018","5.0"
2001,"Bad management","The management teams were very mean and rude to employees. They did not follow the hand book as they were supposed to. They had more time to take pictures of employees outfits than to manage the pipelines for the employees.","Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Warrenville, IL","October 29, 2018","1.0"
2002,"bank","A Tough spot to work for, management plays favorites, no room for advancement unless you are best friends with the manager. Lots of work and not team work to get the job done. Daily routine is set but no room for change.","Global Trades Trade Consultant - OFFICER","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2018","2.0"
2003,"Lots of inexperienced or poor managers, politics & antiquated, slow technology & manual processes","I've worked in several different areas and all have many inconsistent & cumbersome manual processes. And project-related decisions take too long due to the need for multiple levels of management input and approval & key stakeholders don't attend status meetings or read minutes, so r unfamiliar with all the issues & either take weeks to give a final decision or make a rushed decision not taking the necessary time to understand the complexity or consequences of their decisions. PMs r too inexperienced to demand stakeholder attendance. If you speak truth to power (e.g there's no way this work can be done properly in the time given) u will be shunned, criticized by your manager for being negative & not being a 'team player' & will be written up on your annual review. Systemic dysfunction at its worst! Managers love to play Monday night quarterback when something goes wrong never recognizing (or admitting) that they made the final go ahead decision. No support for fresh new ideas or alternative solutions, which is so typical of a large bureaucratic bank. After u start working there, even when u make or exceed expectations, annual increases don't keep up with cost of living. With the keyword being EXPECTATIONS; even when u improve year to year, they will slightly tweek their expectations so as to not give too many 'exceeds' or 'greatly exceeds' ratings as mgr. r limited to only a small % of employees that can be rated 'exceeds' or 'greatly exceeds', so only their buddies & sycophants get that rating. It's a shame as NCB was such a better and more efficient place to work.","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland","October 28, 2018","3.0"
2004,"Great benefits","Management culture differs between departments and divisions. Big emphasis in TCOE to outsource all possible positions. After 22 years of service and survival of three acquisitions and one previous outsourcing of entire location in Kalamazoo, Michigan I needed to relocate to be close to my immediate family.","QA Lead Tester for Card Services","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2018","4.0"
2005,"Great place to work","This is a great place to work with many opportunities for advancement. Management will back you as much as they can and will help you grow in the company. Good sense of work-life balance as well.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 27, 2018","4.0"
2006,"productive and infromative workoplace","At this bank i was able to procure better knowledge and experience the business world. I was also able to get more experience working with people from different backgrounds.","Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 26, 2018","4.0"
2007,"Horrible"," this bank was a horrible place to work. The management was rude, condescending and there was minimal training before you were graded and chastised for your poor performance. The pay was far too low for the amount of responsibility employees were given ($11/hr but handling upwards of $300,000 in cash daily). Employees are expected to sell products but never given any training on what this bank has to offer or how those products work, yet you are expected to meet daily, monthly, and quarterly sales goals. Employees are paid commission, but you have to work for the company for at least 6 months before it is paid out, and it is paid out a quarter behind, so you won't see any commission for nearly a year. The company does regular and mandatory performance reviews and goal setting, but no options for advancement are ever given and no raises are ever given. You are given 15 PTO days and 6 separate sick days, but there are stringent guidelines on how PTO can be used and you can only take one full week off per year and can only take 2 long weekends (because you have to work Saturdays in banking). It is absolutely unbearable, and I would NEVER work here again.","ATM TECHNICIAN","Former Employee","Plainfield, IN","October 26, 2018","1.0"
2008,"Compensation is Too Low","Unfortunately, this bank is known for not compensating well and this has been the case with me. The firm has not been generous with either salary increases or bonuses for the past few years.","Vice President - Investment Portfolio Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 25, 2018","3.0"
2009,"this bank mortage"," this bank mortage was a stressful job and felt that you were just another number in the company. management only cares about how many loans you close a month even though you did not have all of the customer's information needed","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 25, 2018","2.0"
2010,"typical office job talking to people all day stuck in a cubicle","Typical day at work consisted of coming in logging into your computer and taking phone calls all day. i learned how to service credit and debit card accounts. i didn't really like management being they fired me over a rumor that wasn't true. hardest part of the job was dealing with angry customers. most enjoyable part was working on Sunday being it was really slow on Sunday.","Credit Card Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 25, 2018","3.0"
2011,"Was much much better when it was Midland Loan Services","I enjoyed working for Midland Loan Services. After this bank took over, it became merely a mundane job. No longer bonuses for non-salary positions, very few raises, no day after Thanksgiving off, no vending machines on each floor. Workload basically doubled to the point you were afraid to take a lunch, let alone a vacation or even half a sick day or you would come back to a boat load of emails. Pay was significantly lower compared to the competitors in the area.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","October 24, 2018","2.0"
2012,"this bank people you work with are nice","It is hard to sell products when the traffic in the branches is slow and you see the same customers almost every day and the bank expects you to sell all the time to stressful","Teller customer service","Current Employee","Closter, NJ","October 24, 2018","4.0"
2013,"Stressful atmosphere","Good company , low pay , no ability to grow within . Poor management . Some types of favoritism and discrimination as well . High stress for sales only .","Universal Banker and Relationship Business Banker","Current Employee","Colts Neck, NJ","October 24, 2018","1.0"
2014,"Good place to work","Answer calls from customers about their checking and savings, fees, atm's and deposits. I learned the difference between a bank and a credit union Management was great the help you to become successful The culture is diversified The hardest part was the upset customer when there would not be anything that could be done to correct an issue. The best part was being able to correct any issue","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 24, 2018","4.0"
2015,"company is restructuring","Growing pains and previous reputation for mortgage lending hinder personal growth. there is good potential for future earnings providing the mortgage loan officer can be self sufficient.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","October 24, 2018","3.0"
2016,"this bank is going downhill","Technology is outdated, don't appreciate employees . They are always bragging about how much money they make but give employees no raise .. just a poor company over the years","Records associate senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","October 24, 2018","3.0"
2017,"productive","Team atmosphere at the branches I worked in. Overall positive experience and working environment. Management is very willing to give employees opportunity to advance.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA and Connellsville PA","October 23, 2018","4.0"
2018,"Great Place To Work.","This is one of the best places to work. this bank provides you with a great culture, good compensation, work life balance, and gives you a challenge. I have enjoyed my time working for the bank and look forward to many more years to come.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 23, 2018","5.0"
2019,"Productive days","• Trained and assisted all new hires in all aspects of duties i.e. performance, attendance, and company policies. • Prepared crew weekly schedules; opened and closed facility according to established procedures. • Underwrite conforming and non-conforming loans for secondary market investors and maintained the portfolio loans. • Mentored and assessed trainees and give feed back to management coach","Credit Analyst III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 23, 2018","5.0"
2020,"Great company to work for.","Helping clients with their financial needs, referrals to other line of business partners . Coaching staff and being coached .Great carrier path. Great training and training on every level . Great benefits , good salary.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Emerson NJ","October 22, 2018","5.0"
2021,"Fun workplace","Enjoyed Working there. Learned some new skills. Great place to learn new technology especially for fresh graduates. Pretty relaxed and professional environment","Front End Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2018","5.0"
2022,"Terrible for working parents or anyone else really","There are some things that are positive, like the maternity leave. You can literally take off 4 months to have a baby. The problem is after you have that baby, any time you may need is dependent on your manager/department. There are not set rules or policies as far as how to take OA time, leaving early,vacation days, etc. So, if you have to leave an hour early to take that new baby to the doctor, you better dam well have OA time or you are S.O.L. And don't even think about having a disabled child, because when those last minute things pop up, as they absolutely will, you either need to take OT time or FMLA that you won't get paid for. Even if your department has over time on a weekly basis, there is no making up unless it's 'scheduled'. Unless that is your are one of the special employees whose rules don't pertain to you; then you're ok. Also, they won't train you for you're position and if you make a mistake, they then want to write you up and threaten your job. You can ask just about any employee at this bank and they will tell you the training is deplorable. Throughout the entire company. Plus, don't think you'll be able to move around based on the merit of your work, work ethic, performance because it's all about who you know. If you don't know someone in a department, you more than likely won't even get a shot, especially if it's a supervisor position. They have to interview people for legal reasons, but what you don't know is they already have someone in mind for that position, so they are just wasting your time. I have a literally been turned down for a job the hiring manager - more...","Back Office Associate","Current Employee","First Side","October 22, 2018","1.0"
2023,"Good place to work","Everyone is always friendly and willing to coach you. There is a huge push towards sales. So that made me uncomfortable at times. For I am not much of a pushy person.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Easton, MD","October 22, 2018","4.0"
2024,"Relaxed and collaborative workplace with gracious managers","This position was a relaxed, entry-level title. Management was made up of a collection of managers that oversaw their own team. My manager and my team were all very nice people that cared about work-life balance. this bank offered up to 3 weeks paid vacation, in addition to 6 occasional absences and one personal day that you could take throughout the year. The pay started at 12 an hour when I first came in, but changed to 15 an hour as this bank upped their minimum wage. Overall, I saw that employees and managers were all very happy and content with what this bank had to offer. However, living in Pittsburgh is very stressful and expensive, so it's not for everyone. I would recommend this bank to anyone that likes a quiet, independent work environment. Don't expect to get out of your chair very much while working this position. The only big downside that I saw is that you have to really work hard in order to ever progress. Managers don't want you to move up. I am sad to leave, but only did so that I could go part-time somewhere else and resume my education.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 20, 2018","5.0"
2025,"Great place to work, new management, more meetings"," this bank has been a great place to work for the past 5 years. There have been many changes over the years which has resulted in more meetings, more processes and more stuff that takes us away from our clients. this bank use to treat us like adults and now it is going towards constant monitoring and oversight.","Senior 401","Current Employee","Troy, MI","October 20, 2018","4.0"
2026,"Great Place to Work, Very Corporate"," this bank has excellent benefit options, a lot of resources to learn from and to ask questions to. They have a pension plan and 401K (with a % match) and they had just bumped Minimum wage when I was leaving. A typical day in Document Imaging was busy but enjoyable, the team I worked with was full of nice and delightful people. The experience would probably change widely with different managers, of which there are many, but I like all of the managers that I met and worked with. The only Negative was how corporate the company could be. Timed task reconciliation (you timed yourself and you had to calculate your production at the end of EVERY DAY) was stressful and could leave you feeling like you under-preformed on a day that you worked your butt off. Often in daily morning production reviews the sub-par numbers would be the only thing noticed, not the workload or the numbers in the green. Overall though, if you can get past the numbers, this bank was a great place to work.","Document Imaging Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 19, 2018","5.0"
2027,"Relaxed atmosphere, not micro managed, excellent training and acknowledgements relating to exceptional job performance","My supervisor is someone I would hope everyone had the chance to have as a boss. I have worked for 30 years and the last 5 years before I left, were the happiest I have ever been working for someone.","Asset Resolution Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2018","5.0"
2028,"It's a call center so it's demanding","I just feel there is no room to grow or improve even if you can move up in the company they keep your pay at a lateral move. What is the point in taking a position 2 paygrades higher if your pay remains the same.","NMLS Registered Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 19, 2018","3.0"
2029,"best place I ever worked at","Excellent atmosphere with ability to grow and develop, challenging yet supportive. Wealth of on line classes and courses to learn. Well run organization.","Senior Asset Manager","Former Employee","Akron, OH","October 19, 2018","4.0"
2030,"Good benefits","Poor management, long working hours. Some of the customers can very unfriendly. Stressful working environment, unpaid one hour lunch and you spend one hour each day working longer. Good benefits but that's about it. Some weeks you are required to work 6 days a week. Very low pay for this type of job.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","October 18, 2018","1.0"
2031,"Avoid this place","Was lured here and found management to be extremely unprofessional and biased towards certain people. Place is a sweat shop - burn 'em and churn 'em is what they do. No room for advancement - had the carrot dangled with regards to the yearly bonus - never received it. This place borders on psychological torture. Worked my hardest - total lack of direction within the technology area - don't get me wrong - there are some good people here - and they go through it as well. They torture you with this 90 day probation period - it's nothing more than a hazing. They should be reported to the state.","VP Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2018","1.0"
2032,"Great Experience","Learn multiple roles and duties and job exposure. allow you to be places in leadership and recognition. Focus on customer experiences and traditional banking within the communities.","Service Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 18, 2018","5.0"
2033,"Good Company to work for, each day is a good day at this bank.","The team is great to work with, and they always have things to keep you busy. Each day is an enjoyable day, I always enjoyed going to work for this bank. Great upbeat people and management is terrific.","FINANCE ASSISTANT","Former Employee","Portland, OR","October 17, 2018","5.0"
2034,"Don't work here","You walk in every day not knowing if it's goig to be your last. The management sucks, and they're not supportive of you. This company is very discriminatory and will choose their favorites.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fox Chapel, PA","October 17, 2018","1.0"
2035,"Decent place to work","Though it can sometimes be taxing or stressful to keep track of everything that you need to do, overall it was a decent place to work. Nights, weekends, and holidays off are a great perk. In addition to that, you get great benefits. Didn't really like calling customers to try to sell them on meetings, to then try to sell them on products or services. The sales goals tended to make things somewhat stressful. Other than that, everything else was pretty great. Great benefits, hours, perks, and pay.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Wellsville, PA","October 17, 2018","4.0"
2036,"lack of communication, bad management","lack of communication, bad management, over working hours with no outcome, great benefits. empty promises about next positions. lack of keeping employees","Bucks County Admin","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA","October 16, 2018","1.0"
2037,"na","I enjoyed working with the people at this company. It has always been a pleasure to serve other and i was grateful to have the opportunity to be apart of a great team.","Senior Personal Banker","Current Employee","pa","October 16, 2018","4.0"
2038,"Great working teammates","Company is focused on customers. Company provides state of the art technology to assist its customers with their banking. The company does a great job making it motto of ease confidence and achievement in assisting it diverse business and personal client. Good company making progress","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","October 16, 2018","3.0"
2039,"Good people overall","Good people make a good company. Sometimes people get lost in the business. Automation is taking over which concerns me about people. The bank is very involved in communities it is currently present.","VP of Operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2018","4.0"
2040,"Good place to work","Over all good place to work. Offers a good place to eat and lovely landscape, Good people, not too much chance to get to know anyone due to heavy call flow","Multi Channel Sale Specialist","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","October 16, 2018","4.0"
2041,"No real challenges - The Manager didn't pay attention to the team","The manager was an senior manager stuck in their ways. Referred to the Administrative Assistant as 'Secretary'. At the risk of sounding sour, It was a great place to work unless you had to communicate with the boss. There were RARELY EVER positive conversations. Just putting out fires or helping them of a jam because they didn't want to take the time to do their job. The culture was good except for the management... Best part of the day was leaving. The manager also choose to ignore the enormous leadership development initiative set forth by our company leader. 'Strange' to say the least. I believe it was looked upon as time not well spent so it DID NOT happen. Managers only manage - Leaders only lead.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 16, 2018","2.0"
2042,"Position Review"," this bank was an easy job nothing was hard. It was not for me. It was not what I expected. It didn't challenge me. I moved on to something that had more to offer to me and my family.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Leonardtown, MD","October 16, 2018","2.0"
2043,"Poor Job Experience","Unfair personnel. Unfair Rules. Favoritism among employees. Unfair treatment among employees. No one worked as a team. A typical day was not challenging not a learning experience for Job Advancement. There wasn't any enjoyable part of the job.","Administrative Assistant - Legal Department","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2018","2.0"
2044,"Good Vacation Time","Have earned 4 weeks of vacation Need more leadership when it comes to helping employees advance in their career. Everyone seems to be out for themselves in most departments. It's hard to grow once you hit a certain level and there's no help or direction on moving forward.","Universal Agent","Current Employee","I am a Remote Employee","October 15, 2018","4.0"
2045,"this bank puts their employees at high risk and has high turnover because of it."," this bank doesn't retain employees because of the staffing, training, and the no exceptions for mistakes. After this bank terminated me, I have had nothing but issues with my termination. They put the wrong month and date which caused my health benefits to be put on hold until they corrected it as well as my pay and vacation pay. I left this bank on September 19th and they had entered August 20th. As of Tuesday October 10th I was supposed to have everything corrected and have my paper work overnighted didn't receive it until October 12th after calling and asking where it was. I have had to call HR, ERIC, HEALTH/ 401 K department at least once if not twice a week to follow up what they were doing to fix this. Not a place I would recommend or ever go back to work for and plan on pulling all my accounts and going to a different bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bradford, pa","October 13, 2018","1.0"
2046,"Too much micromanagement","A typical day consists of assisting clients in the branch and by phone. You are required to report to your manager your activities for the day before you leave.","Banker III","Current Employee","Fairhope, AL","October 12, 2018","1.0"
2047,"teller","Learned a lot because this was my first banking position. Day went fast due to high traffic of customers. Management most were good & helpful. Liked all associates I worked with.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2018","4.0"
2048,"Project Coordinator working Remote","Typical Day: Use Skype for most of the communications . Assist Project Managers with their assigned projects. Work in Clarity to track all Project information. Load Project Artifacts into Clarity. Construct Project Plan in Workbench or MS Project. Weekly Tasks: Cost Plans, Project Status Reports. Quarterly Task: Quarterly Assertions. Meeting Agendas, Meeting Minutes for any project meeting. Artifacts have gone through approval process. Resource Management. this bank had mentors for all new PMs and PCs. That made this process much easier and a much smoother transition that . People were great, but they abruptly ended the contract with the recruiting firm we were contracted through. 1 day notice. Not too concerned about their contractors, which were the majority of their project management team.","Project Administrator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 12, 2018","3.0"
2049,"Great people, felt under valued.","Lots of hard work with little recognition. Learned how to work more efficiently. Management was mediocre. Workplace culture was built around teamwork.","Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 12, 2018","3.0"
