5650,"Great place to work","Long hours, Lot of work, unusual hours of operation. I work at operations department so 3 different shifts","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 2, 2014","4.0"
5651,"Over all not a horrible place to work","Over worked and underpaid for job duties and assignments. No room for advancement.","Sr. Investigator - Financial Intelligence Unit","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 2, 2014","2.0"
5652,"Working at this bank","While working here I have had the opportunity to not only grow within my career but also with my personality. I have enjoyed all of the opportunites and the team environment I work in on a day to day basis.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Indiana, PA","September 2, 2014","4.0"
5653,"Excellent Customer Serviced","*Sales leader in the branch. Lobby Management: *Coaching one-on-ones and assist in coaching staff weekly. *Loan officer. Works closely with Consumer and business Partners - Business Banker, Wealth Management,Investment Services, Merchant Services: *Review branch reporting weekly. *Assist when branch manager is absent. *Handle conference calls with upper management regarding sales & development. Assist keeping the team on top on referrals, sales & profitability: *Perform monthly audit: *Training programs – certified mentor. *Administrative duties. *Work closely with branch manager – growing P & L and households for the branch","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","September 1, 2014","4.0"
5654,"A nice place to work.","A nice branch with older customers..Co-workers very helpful..great training program. nice management, I learned a lot about loans","Customer Service Administrator","Former Employee","Novi, MI","September 1, 2014","5.0"
5655,"Great place to work!","I am a branch manager for this bank. I love my job and love this bank!","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Naples, FL","August 30, 2014","5.0"
5656,"Good"," this bank has been a good company to work for so far in my short time there.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Homer Glen, IL","August 27, 2014","5.0"
5657,"Enjoyed the casual environment. They have great values but they are beginning to be too micromanaged.","I worked in foreclosure and learned a lot about the foreclosure process. I enjoyed my position and enjoyed working for the company itself. At one time management was fair but they are becoming more micromanaged and I don't care for that. this bank is a good company to work for. The problem is with their management teams.","Foreclosure Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 26, 2014","4.0"
5658,"My overall experience is great."," this bank is great bank and I really love the culture and atmosphere and my team.","Bank Senior Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","West Harrison, NY","August 26, 2014","5.0"
5659,"Challenging and fast paced operations environment","Service high volume and activity driven commercial loan portfolios. I enjoy working in a team oriented department. The complexity and volumes have significantly enhanced my skills in multitasking, prioritization and organization!","Commercial Loans Operation Supervisor I","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 25, 2014","3.0"
5660,"New Business Development","Given opportunity to advance my sales skills in Wealth Management and Estate Planning. Enjoyed working with seasoned professionals.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","August 25, 2014","4.0"
5661,"Performed withdrawal and deposits for customers'. Offering bank products when beneficial for customer.","Accepted retail and commercial deposits. Balanced foreign currency. Promoted bank's products and services.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 25, 2014","3.0"
5662,"Low pay, terrible management","I wish I could say I had a great experience here, the pay is so low, others continually left to go to other banks because the pay is higher virtually everywhere. Management was terrible, possibly just my Branch I don't know.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2014","3.0"
5663,"Compensation does not equal duties","My experience is that they can not seem to keep quality people because they do not compensate them enough. People are frequently moving around or leaving and they leave people thinned out without urgency to staff The job itself is very easy but there is A LOT to remember so theft or fraud does not happen, a lot of pressure.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 22, 2014","3.0"
5664,"Teller/Banker","I started working as part time traveling teller but fast moved into regular full time teller and then financial sales. its great company with great advancement opportunities and great co-workers.","Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2014","5.0"
5665,"community involvement","You know that feeling when the alarm clocks goes off and your like, ups!, gotta go to work. Well this work life was like refreshing every morning, willing and ready to get work started. Everyone comes to work with positive attitudes and we get straight to learning what's new, what goals are set for the day and what products do we sale today. Management was on point, we all had a share in lobby management. The hardest part about the job when you really mediate on it, would be trying to dislike my job, lol no but, to work around those who doesn't take their job seriously. The best part about my job was to learn new things everyday or every second of the day, to actually help those who need help, I loved building relationships with my customers as well as co-workers, just learning new things everyday was an enjoyment.","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 22, 2014","4.0"
5666,"Excellent leadership and good products","In despite to be new in the South Florida Market. this bank is active in the lending arena, in despite of not providing loans for international buyers which most of the banks are not.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Plantation, Fl","August 22, 2014","5.0"
5667,"Customer Service","• Cash Handling. • Opened accounts to consumers best needs. • Controlled several branch operations. • Greet Customers and also assist them with ATM transactions","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 20, 2014","4.0"
5668,"Productivity is important","Busy day everyday process check balancing, etc. Great people to work with.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","August 19, 2014","3.0"
5669,"on site Loan Officer","Loan officer, take application talk to customer, price loans","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","August 18, 2014","3.0"
5670,"The best company","Overall this company is great. The employee relations, customer care, job security and advancement are phenomenal.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 16, 2014","5.0"
5671,"Underpayment for services rendered","A typical day included assisting 9 bank branches with their mortgage clients. I had to travel everyday to 4 out of 5 branches daily. Taking applications only occurred after conducting a needs analysis/interview with the client. I had to review what situation the client was in and determine their needs. If a client was looking for a prequalification certificate this was taken care of accordingly. I loved my position as this point of contact for my branches but the compensation was a major issue. Our operations team had its challenges and was undergoing renovations so it took its toll on our efforts. The most difficult part of this position is not having a voice within the company and essentially being asked for more and more business and not successfully closing the current business. I had excellent relationships with my branch partners because I made sure I communicated daily with them and reported updates. I definitely enjoyed the position and the people. The compensation is not where it needs to be for the amount of work that is given.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","August 15, 2014","2.0"
5672,"Constant Change","This bank is exciting and ever growing. My compliance foundation was built with this company, and its a pretty solid foundation.","Compliance Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2014","4.0"
5673,"nice place to work","nice friendly people always learning new things staff very informatative","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2014","2.0"
5674,"I am a teller/customer service assoiate. There is no such thing as a typical day. I can be a teller or open new accounts and put loans on.","A customer service associate at this bank is a true multi=tasker. There is no such thing as a typical day. I can be a teller one minute and next I am at the desk putting a loan application on for a customer. We have objectives and goals that we have to meet.","Teller to CSA","Current Employee","700 Beulah Road Turtle Creek, Pa 15145","August 13, 2014","5.0"
5675,"Great Management","Assist customers with deposits, withdrawals, and payments. Answer telephone assist customers with problems or questions concerning accounts.","Assist Customers","Current Employee","muskegon mi","August 12, 2014","3.0"
5676,"productive fun place to work where we form relationships with customers","productive fun place to work where we form relationships with customers. We do not just process a transaction we speak to the customers help them feel comfortable and let them know that anything that occurs in there financial life we are here to help and show them everything they need and want to know","Floating Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 12, 2014","5.0"
5677,"Great place to work","Great place to work with solid benefits, lots of opportunity, and a fast paced yet family friendly work environment.","Integration Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2014","5.0"
5678,"Convenient place to work","They were very flexible with my school hours. Everyone was nice and easy to get along with. I learned more into the banking system. The hardest part about the job was counting at the end of shifts and the best part was the interactions with customers and employees.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 11, 2014","5.0"
5679,"Overall good company to work for","A typical day in the branch involved mainly assisting customers with their financial needs and the tellers with processing questions or handling customer complaints In my time with the company I learned a lot about managing a staff and the balance between my own responsibilities and theirs I am very much a people person and found the importance of understanding your employees on a personal level and not just professional to be great I specialized in Audit preparation and getting the staff and branch ready for an annual internal audit I most enjoyed helping the staff overcome obstacles and helping them understand how to do it in the future on their own. I received a lot of personal fulfillment watching the staff grow and move on to higher positions whether they be with the bank or outside of the company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 11, 2014","4.0"
5680,"Great company to work for.","Like most banks the environment is sales driven, but if you can handle that, then this company is great. Your goals are set clearly for you and your team so there is no confusion and it's very easy to get in contact with higher-ups if you ever needed to contact them.","TELLER","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","August 11, 2014","5.0"
5681,"N/a","My day consists of taking inbound phone calls about customers bank accounts. While on this call I must find something to sell the customer or attempt to sell what the system prompts me to sell. My coworkers are great. the job itself is not very fulfilling which is the hardest part of working for this bank.","Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 11, 2014","2.0"
5682,"Data entry for certification of accounts","I certify new accounts coming into the bank from all this bank branch locations around the USA. I work with OFAC on all foreign customers coming into the USA opening bank accounts to assure they have all the proper i.d. that is required by government policies.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","500 First Avenue Pittsburgh PA","August 10, 2014","4.0"
5683,"Great repore with cusotmers and coworkers.","Process transactions for clients and learn about their financial situations as well as their personal life. My managers and peers coach each other throughout the day on ways to better the experience for our clients. My coworkers and I have good communication between us and we can go to each other for pretty much anything. I love the environment I'm in at this bank because I feel comfortable and clients really enjoy coming in and talking with us. The hardest part for me is getting referrals in for our products.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Antioch, IL","August 10, 2014","5.0"
5684,"Productive, diversified workforce and teamwork","I believe the introduction of the this bank Conversation has put this bank on another level. This makes it easy to communicate, uncover customer needs and to cross sell.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Haledon, NJ","August 7, 2014","4.0"
5685,"Productive","Great staff team, opportunity of advancement, fair rules and regulations,","TELLER","Current Employee","Yardville, NJ","August 6, 2014","4.0"
5686,"Fast paced work environment with good people","Pay isn't the greatest here and there are constant changes. But there has always been good people.","Wire Investigation - Customer Service Rep II","Current Employee","Philadelphia PA","August 6, 2014","4.0"
5687,"High pace , highly responsible , goal oriented environment","Opening a branch daily with everyday quick start meeting with staff going over previous day success ,correction , policies and expectation Managing a day to day operation of the branch. Creating a comfortable place for employees to work and customers to receive expected service. Help staff deliver expected goal set by the company . Hardest part of the job for me was finding the right people for the job. Having positions open for more than 6 months. The most enjoyable part of my job was being recognized for job well done. training others and to being a mentor.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Spotswood, NJ","August 6, 2014","4.0"
5688,"productive and great experience","I truly enjoyed my time of employment with this bankGIS and learned a tremendous amount of things about working in the Global industry from a market perspective.","Global Administrator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 5, 2014","5.0"
5689,"Good Company","Work with three trading products and all the necessary work for all customers under those products.","AVP","Current Employee","Pgh, PA","August 5, 2014","3.0"
5690,"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work with a continued emphasis on employee engagement and career advancement.","Manager II","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 4, 2014","4.0"
5691,"Productive and fun work place","Go to work every morning on time always with a smile , prepare for everyday work . I had a great experience working in the bank and dealing with people and helping them with their needs . My co-workers was very pleasant and nice . we used to work as a team .. Our supervisor was very pleasant and helpful to everyone . the hardest part of my job when the bank is busy , but all of us used to handle these kind of stress in a pleasant smiley face to all customers.. And the most enjoyable part is when you see the customers happy with your service you gave them and thank you at the end .. My enjoyable time also is I do achieve my goal for the month for opening saving / checking accounts ..","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 2, 2014","5.0"
5692,"Advancement opportunities available","On a typical day at work, as a teller, will be processing customer's transactions, resolving customer issues and requests, and anything you cannot resolve you escalate it to the platform representatives. As a teller in this bank I have learned that as long as you do your job well and right at all times and go far and beyond what is expected of you, you can advance fairly quickly within this bank as long as you have the drive and will to move forward and better yourself. Management is there to help you move forward when needed, helps you answer questions that you may have, and much more. My co-workers are the best, we work well together and get things done effectively and efficiently. The hardest part of this job is making sure to balance to the penny at the end of the day, to make your goals on the daily basis which is 1.5% of the transactions you make a day, and to always give your 100 percent customer service to all and every client and non-client that walks through that door. All in all, I enjoy my job and the people I work with; however, I personally have outgrown this job field and is seeking a different career path.","Full-Time Teller & ATM Custodian","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","July 31, 2014","4.0"
5693,"Great place to work","Fun, fast-paced, friendly environment for anyone. Everyone from management on down is very helpful and resourceful.","Teller","Current Employee","Saint Charles, MO","July 31, 2014","5.0"
5694,"this bank Summary","• Teller and Customer Service Training. • Completed the process of counting the money, reconciling the receipts and balancing the register on a daily basis. • Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies. • Educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company's mission and values. • Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including follow ups with custome • Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays. • Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lavallette, NJ","July 30, 2014","5.0"
5695,"Risk job","Is a very complicate job, you have to be aware of so many things around you, I learned to be proactive, pushing, listen to people. I love to help my clients to meet their goals. see how my recommendations or attitude help them in their life.","Sales Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 30, 2014","5.0"
5696,"this bank is a good company to work for.","I worked in the Lyndhurst Branch. Management and employees were both knowledgeable and helpful. The company has a wonderful culture of caring for both employees and customers.I looked forward to going to work daily because of my co-workers and clients. The people in my branch worked very well together, a great TEAM.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT III","Former Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","July 30, 2014","4.0"
5697,"I worked here and it was extremely disappointing!!!","First of all, the hours I was hired to work was not what I was given once I started. Also, the teller supervisor either ignored my questions or pretended not to hear me or was annoyed when I asked for help. It was very confusing due to the fact that everyone that worked here had a different way of doing the job therefore I never understood what was correct and what was not. Don't work here.","part time teller","Former Employee","Blakeslee, PA","July 29, 2014","2.0"
5698,"Productive and Team Oriented Enviornment","Some of my daily responsibilities include providing information to help internal service partners with regulatory, system, product and policy disputes related to retirement accounts. Train peers on department procedures, IRS regulations, legal documentation requirements, products, features, benefits, software, and information systems. Also, organize and prepare original documents for retention and storage and fulfilling document requests as well as quality controlling documents for completeness.","Retirement Services Operations Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2014","3.0"
5699,"Terrible Management","The management would implement goals that were unrealistic due to ALWAYS being short staffed! Once, we surpassed our goal for checking accounts causing the region to exceed their goal and the regional manager said since it was student accounts it would not be profitable accounts; instead of praising us for our hard work! this bank as a company looks at each employee as a number. You are not a valued person and even when you go over and beyond sacrificing time with your family it will not be recognized or even appreciated. this bank does initially make you think your opinion counts due to employee surveys, but if you don't give your branch or manager good scores you are punished. If you are thinking about working with this company DON'T! You will be happier somewhere else!!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 28, 2014","2.0"
