"Decent place to work","Great name in community and nationwide helps drive in business. Employees do a good job of referring clients from within the branches.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 30, 2014","4.0"
"We all take pride in our work","A typical day would be taking calls from our internal and external customers when they had domestica and international wires. I learned different areas like risk, confirming wires with high dollar amounts, verified incoming wires with the correct this bank account number. Management is really great to all of us and I get along really well with all of my coworkers. The hardest part of the job was when we were told on 9/18 that we would no longer have our jobs as of 11/21/14. The most enjoyable part of the job was doing what I do best as a customer service rep and winning employee of the month award.","OPERATIONS FUND TRANS REP I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 30, 2014","4.0"
"Great People","Its a great company... limited product line though... Management was great... It was hard to compete with other banks with a bigger product line though..","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","September 30, 2014","3.0"
"love them","they care about they're employees and also they're members","Teller II","Former Employee","Pontiac, MI","September 30, 2014","5.0"
"overall good workplace","Depends on Management that you are under. Overall good workplace.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","akron, oh","September 29, 2014","4.0"
"Productive but repetitive job","The job is simple to perform. On assigned nights I make parts, or Quality Inspect Parts and sometimes even fill in for the shift supervisor. Job is easy but very repetitive. I have learned a lot in being able to start machines up and do small odd jobs on machines such as performing wire changes and terminal changes and making other adjustments to make sure parts are being made to meet customer requirements and satisfaction.","Alternate Supervisor","Current Employee","Polo, IL","September 29, 2014","3.0"
"Great Culture, direct/local management was great and easy to work for.","As a Business Banking RM role required that you attract, retain and grow new and existing business.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","September 29, 2014","5.0"
"Excellent","Excellent employer to work for. I would recommend this employer to family and friends.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Oakton, VA","September 27, 2014","4.0"
"Productive work place","A typical day consisted of mall coin order and night deposit drops","Teller","Current Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","September 26, 2014","5.0"
"Interactive Workspace with great customers","A typical day at work include me completing various service requests for customers and opening new accounts. I've learned so much about banking in this position. Each day is an adventure and although some co-workers may seem to ruin each day, I have still come to love what I do. The hardest part of my job is to go to my new manager for advice or assistance.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","September 26, 2014","4.0"
"employees were more like family. We were there to always help one another","Follow safety procedures in opening branch and vault. Welcomed customers with a greeting and a smile. Handled transactions in a timely matter and with accuracy. Kept track of tellers work and make sure they were adhering the cash policies on drawer limits Scheduling tellers for a month at a time. We had a lot of turn overs mostly because of college scheduling issues. That made scheduling the hardest part of the job since we were shorthanded and I had to adhere to proper coverage at all times.My favorite part was going to work everyday and working with our team members but by far it was the customers. If a customer came in with a frown and then they left with a smile...I did my job!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Bloomsburg, PA","September 23, 2014","5.0"
"Not a good long term career"," this bank does not care enough for their employees. you are only numbers to them.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Saegertown, PA","September 23, 2014","1.0"
"Productive work place","Everyday is good day, a very busy environment, keying in different things, and learning new systems.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 22, 2014","4.0"
"okay work environment","Is an okay work environment, always depends on branch and management team","Product sales","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","September 22, 2014","3.0"
"Bank job","Begin my day with morning duties regarding setting up my station with the cashbox, logging into the system and preparing my station for the work day. I perform the night deposit duty as well as making a check up on the amount that is in the ATM I service. I then begin to inspect the rest of the branch in order to make sure we are ready for to open and proceed with the day. Once the branch was open i proceeded to either help the tellers process transactions at my own station or proceed with lobby engagement in helping the customers with either helping them write out deposit slips, withdrawal slips or attend any questions or concerns they may have had. I also would cross-sell products that would help improve their financial well being so that they understood everything that the bank had to offer to them so they could fully utilize all the products at their disposal. I was able to learn how to cross sell products while also servicing the customers at the best possible ability while also learning how to engage with them to open up information to helping them better bank with us. The majority of the team was brand new so management was a little lackluster but we have a great manager in our branch who is very helpful and involved in our growth. For the most part the co workers are good to work with though a much more family environment could help run the place smoother. However the most enjoyable part of the day is when we are able to relax and have fun within the bank on slow or fast days as we like to please the customers where they aren't just coming into a bank and being quickly - more...","Platform","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 22, 2014","3.0"
"Good benefits","Hard to advance, no structure, have to get in the door then bounce from job to job to get a head monetarily.","Consumer Credit Officer III","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2014","3.0"
"Enjoyable coworkers. Very busy branch office","Standing on your feet helping multiple customers. Management was fair and understanding. The pay was very low for the expectations of the job","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Floyds Knobs, IN","September 20, 2014","4.0"
"nice to work","nice place to work very professional nice area would work here again if pay was better","Teller 2","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 19, 2014","5.0"
"good work life balance","they are a good company. They could pay better. Good people to work with","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","September 18, 2014","3.0"
"Conservative Bank","This is a conservative bank and is the sales goals are too aggressive for the lending environment that they create. This causes a demotivated sales force.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Greenbelt, MD","September 18, 2014","2.0"
"Experienced and learned all the positons in the department","Customer service is busy position with client activity. Listening to problems with accounts or finding the best solution for banking needs. My co workers are friendly and work well as a team The most enjoyable aspect of my position is to assisting customers with making their banking needs easy and have confidence with us. I think the hardest area of my position is not to be able to get lending approval.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Charleston, SC","September 18, 2014","3.0"
"Great company","My overall experience with the company was the best. Everyday was a joy working there. Always learning something new everyday. Being able to work along side of several coworkers who all depended on one another and believed in one another.","Teller I","Former Employee","Lewes, De","September 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to start and grow your career"," this bank does a lot of new grad hiring and then provides a great atmosphere to cultivate that talent over the years. There are many business units where one can find an interesting career.","Special IT Projects Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2014","5.0"
"Great Environment for learning about banking and customer service","The day starts by opening up the branch and clearing the premises for other employees enter. After we set up for the day I conduct our morning huddle to discuss goals and commitments for the day. I plan the daily branch activities to attract new customers and to create awareness where our this bank Branch is located. Throughout the day I help train the many new hires we have to navigate through the genesis banking system and customer maintenance service browser while opening up new accounts or servicing existing ones. At the end of the day I arm the security system and close the branch. this bank has an very well planned thorough training program. Customer service was the main focus of all the training (5 star language).","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Oakton, VA","September 17, 2014","5.0"
"Upper management concerns each employee","I start work early morning and end in late afternoon. Help is needed at all times and our management team is productive on helping each and everyone of us.","Accounts Receivable Clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","September 17, 2014","5.0"
"An enjoyable work place with great team work","A typical day would begin with a department meeting to discuss the day's work for each member of the team. Management would share any expectations or changes that they had for the day. Checking the previous day's work to see what needed to be completed for the current day: by making phone calls, checking fax and printer to see what new paperwork came in and begin processing the work. The hardest part of the job was getting client's to give an answer for an stock offer on a timely basis. The most enjoyable part of the job was company reward program for good work. Also, planning different competitions and parties with the other departments.","Corporate Actions Solicitations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 17, 2014","4.0"
"typical day","inbound calls from customers about personal accounts and online banking questions","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","pittsburgh,pa","September 16, 2014","2.0"
"I wonderful place to work.","Thank you, I don't have anything else to say. I am grateful for the opportunity with this bank. I am grateful for the my co-workers. I am grateful for learning new processes.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 16, 2014","5.0"
"Ahhhhh.... this bank","I worked at this bank for almost a year and at 1st it was OK then the true colors came out. I would work 40 plus hrs with no weekends and if i were to ask for a weekend off i was treated with an attitude and then talked about behind my back. Their was always a shortage on staff always breach in the way that the cash was handled in the vault and the cash boxes. It was awful every day that i went to work and the very last day i worked their i worked 10 hr day with no lunch then they pulled me off the line and walked me to the door!!!! I would never advise any one to work their.","Full time teller","Current Employee","Springfield, OH","September 16, 2014","1.0"
"Productive","Logged on to work /underwrote FHA & conventional files. Learned: De received at this bank. Management: delegated managerial duties to me. Co-workers: very supportiv Very Long Hours. Challenging Work Level, and additional assigned duties","De Approved Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","September 16, 2014","4.0"
"typical day for me was busy and constantly learning. Learning a lot about how funds circulate in the Government. Management was very challenging. Co-","A typical day for me was busy and constantly learning. Learning a lot about how funds circulate in the Government. Management was very challenging. Co-workers greet team players, The hardest part of the job was not be able to satisfy customers. The most enjoyable part of the job was being recognize for great job performances.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 16, 2014","3.0"
"Secure positions with chance for advancement.","Typical day is busy, always training. Most enjoyable part of job is helping customers with their need for financial solutions.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","PA","September 15, 2014","4.0"
"Good","It is a nice place to work. The hours are nice and the pay isn't bad. Be ready to meet a wide range of people.","Teller","Former Employee","Bellefontaine, OH","September 15, 2014","4.0"
"Retail World at this bank","I had fun when I worked for this bank. I held multiple positions withing the retail world at this bank and I became to be what I am due to those experiences with this bank. Management overall does a good job leading you and being supportive and creative in how to help you manage your goals. The hardest part of my job was to stay at the branch passed 6:30 PM on mondays for cold calling. It wasn't that bad, but clients get annoyed when you call during that time.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 15, 2014","4.0"
"Small Divsion - Office in Boston","I worked at this bank Wealth Management for 2 years. I enjoyed my Trust Administrator function as well as my EA function. The divsion that employed me was a small boutique with only 8 employees. There was allot of uncertainty within the location. In the years prior to my employment the divsion had cut almost all of its employees. The uncertaity led me to seek outside opportunity.","Executive Assistant to Regional Managing Director","Former Employee","Boston, MA","September 15, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","Good working environment with good values. Management was flexible with scheduling and co-workers made it feel like home.","ATM Teller and Teller I","Former Employee","Warren, MI","September 14, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced work environment with loyal customers","Assisting customers with deposits, payments, withdrawals, savings bonds, account information, address changes, ordering checks, answering account questions, also assisting customers with their needs and helping to point them in the right direction to the person that they need to speak with whether that means they need a banker or they would need a financial adviser or even the mortgage department.","Bank Teller II","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","September 14, 2014","4.0"
"good place to learn new things","engaging in conversation with clients, being able to help people balance out there transactions","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2014","5.0"
"good place to work","Good Environment. Very large environment. Good Management. Very laid back environment.","Virtualization Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 13, 2014","5.0"
"Okay place to work","Normally your days are predictable. Sometimes management pushes for optional surveys to be mandatory.","Officer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, Florida","September 12, 2014","3.0"
"Spare Yourself","I became an employee through a merger. I was with this bank for nearly two years. I have since left to pursue a more professional sales career. While employed at this bank, I was constantly moved around to cover vacancies, thus making it more difficult for me to hit my daily and quarterly goals. This was never accounted for. The pay, in comparison with other financial institutes, is pretty pathetic. With a four year degree and prior sales experience, I was paid right at $30k. (And the benefits were not good, so we used the better benefits from my husband's job.) I went through three managers during this time with about 6 months of no manager. The last manager I ended up with was so HORRIBLE that my husband was going to resign for me had I not found a MUCH better career. this bank expects its bankers to work like a horse to sell products to people who don't even need them, all while claiming to want the best for their customers. If you have a degree, you can do better than this - I am confident in that without even knowing you!","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Opelika, AL","September 11, 2014","2.0"
"productive and the employees are nice","closing and billing loans. how to deal with people in foreclosure. and the foreclosure process","foreclosure","Current Employee","miamisburg oh","September 10, 2014","5.0"
"Very Customer Driven and one of the leaders in the industry"," this bank was a very fast paced and energetic company. A typical work day included inbound calls from insurance agents and customers inquiring about loan status. We would then have a team meeting to review work stats from the day before and set daily goals for ourselves. We would also update the team with any changes within the company/systems. From there we would work directly with underwriters to process loan applications and assure that all the required documents were received. The many tasks that were involved in the loan process included over 52 daily activities for my team.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 10, 2014","4.0"
"fast paced environment","employees and management in the department that I worked were very nice and friendly. I was able to learn several differentt jobs and was promoted within. My supervisor encouraged me to advance.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great Place with Great People","On a typical day at this bank we open the drive thru at 8am after doing Morning procedures. Then on certain days we are busy than others but on non busy days we do side work like fill deposit and withdrawl tickets and go over product Our branch manager is a great guy and can talk to him about pretty much anything. He and my co workers are the best part of the job and certain regulars that come in as well.","Teller","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","September 9, 2014","4.0"
"Initial contract was for 6 months but wound up being 18 months","Co-workers were very helpful with all the program documentation required","Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2014","5.0"
"Great Job in Certain markets","While this job was fantastic for learning and growing it is highly based on location of your branch. If you are at a slower location they create chaos by having you go out and find accounts, but they also short staff those branches so rescheduling events takes place pretty frequently.","Customer Sales Associate","Current Employee","Chicago IL","September 8, 2014","4.0"
"Fun coworkers make all the difference","Bank Teller is a job that is very different than any job I've ever had before. You must maintain a positive attitude, well spoke and knowing your product.","Active Supervisor","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","September 7, 2014","3.0"
"Teller","Every day responsibilities includes taking care of customer interactions and maintaining a presence for the company as a whole, tellers are the usually the first employees customers see and therefore are given the most face time with customers. We talk about accounts to non customers and about opportunities to existing customer to see if we can get more benefits. Overall satisfaction is positive, management for the most part is nice, co-workers care about each other as more then just co workers, the job itself is not very difficult, and you get to meet people all the time. If you are just out of college and need a relatively steady job while you are looking for a career opportunity, or you wish to make banking your career this is a good place to start.","Teller","Current Employee","Whitehouse Station, NJ","September 7, 2014","4.0"
"A good place to work","Job was not hard just management was not fair. A typical day was fast paced. Co workers were pretty easy to work with and finding easier ways to do things was really enjoyable, it gave me a chance to get more knowledgeable.","Team Leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2014","3.0"
"sad","There is no point in trying to achieve greatest here as it is as political as Washington D.C Either you are the chosen one or a grunt.","wealth","Current Employee","indianapolis, in","September 5, 2014","1.0"
"Wealth Management and Private Banking factions","If you enjoy figjting internally over a deal, having to cut yourself out of getting full credit for bringing in a piece of business in to make everyone's score card nice and pretty, tolerate obvious favortism of management for certain co-workers and have human reaources ignore interviewing employees who support your case, this the place for you. If you exceed your goals on paper, local management will make excuses that YOU cannot clearly have a full bonsus as those who did not make their goals deserve 'something'. People have been forced out the door for perceptions of management but who did great jobs. Fighting back makes you the problem. Do not respond to 'how can we help you be more productive' as a sincere response comes back to haunt you. The last manager brought no business in but ruled like a slave driver in ruling by fear.The current one brings business in but only lets certain people in on the deal. If you need to shine do not come here unless you want to shine shoes. When you are measured by metrics and management abandons you, you are done.","wealth","Current Employee","indianapolis, in","September 5, 2014","1.0"
"one of the good work place environment"," this bank is one of the very good workplace. The management and team is very cooperative and helpful.","Financial Consultant III","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","September 5, 2014","4.0"
"processed transactions for clients","processed transactions, money counting. opening closing procedures. Notary, and balancing","TELLER","Former Employee","Florence, KY","September 5, 2014","5.0"
"Productive good enviroment to work","Clerical work, I have learned attorney docs how to foreclose on some ones home, loan processor, co-workers were wonderful people. The hardest part of my job was being laid off, I enjoyed the most was the great group of people that I shared my eight hours a day with.","Attorney Doc Retention","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 4, 2014","3.0"
"Decent Place to work","The work life balance is pretty good, but pay is well below average.","Multi Family Real Estate Underwriter I","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 4, 2014","4.0"
"Horrible branch to work for","The people at this branch are awful to work for, very few believe in teamwork. As a former employee I am glad I left.","Teller","Former Employee","Saegertown, PA","September 4, 2014","1.0"
"Terrible Management"," this bank is a great company but the Lexington region is broken. It is basically a dictatorship that runs counter to what the company wants. It will get fixed eventually but not until regional management is replaced.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","September 3, 2014","3.0"
"Fun workplace environment, good team","Very laid back environment yet dedicated to be the best we can be. Teamwork is a big and successful part of this job. Rewarding job when clients begin to trust you and understand that you want to advise them onto the right path.","Teller","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 3, 2014","4.0"
"Worst placed to work","This company was the worst that I worked for, the company has bad management","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","September 3, 2014","1.0"
"Working inside of Giant was a different experience."," this bank was when I was able to branch off and begin the journey of a personal banker. Which gave me independence and I learned a lot of time management. Basically working as your own manager was the highlight was my career. Working in Giant didn't give you the same banking environment as a traditional bank. I helped most of my co workers since I was very knowable and I enjoyed them all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","September 3, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","Long hours, Lot of work, unusual hours of operation. I work at operations department so 3 different shifts","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 2, 2014","4.0"
"Over all not a horrible place to work","Over worked and underpaid for job duties and assignments. No room for advancement.","Sr. Investigator - Financial Intelligence Unit","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 2, 2014","2.0"
"Working at this bank","While working here I have had the opportunity to not only grow within my career but also with my personality. I have enjoyed all of the opportunites and the team environment I work in on a day to day basis.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Indiana, PA","September 2, 2014","4.0"
"Excellent Customer Serviced","*Sales leader in the branch. Lobby Management: *Coaching one-on-ones and assist in coaching staff weekly. *Loan officer. Works closely with Consumer and business Partners - Business Banker, Wealth Management,Investment Services, Merchant Services: *Review branch reporting weekly. *Assist when branch manager is absent. *Handle conference calls with upper management regarding sales & development. Assist keeping the team on top on referrals, sales & profitability: *Perform monthly audit: *Training programs – certified mentor. *Administrative duties. *Work closely with branch manager – growing P & L and households for the branch","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","September 1, 2014","4.0"
"A nice place to work.","A nice branch with older customers..Co-workers very helpful..great training program. nice management, I learned a lot about loans","Customer Service Administrator","Former Employee","Novi, MI","September 1, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work!","I am a branch manager for this bank. I love my job and love this bank!","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Naples, FL","August 30, 2014","5.0"
"Good"," this bank has been a good company to work for so far in my short time there.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Homer Glen, IL","August 27, 2014","5.0"
"Enjoyed the casual environment. They have great values but they are beginning to be too micromanaged.","I worked in foreclosure and learned a lot about the foreclosure process. I enjoyed my position and enjoyed working for the company itself. At one time management was fair but they are becoming more micromanaged and I don't care for that. this bank is a good company to work for. The problem is with their management teams.","Foreclosure Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 26, 2014","4.0"
"My overall experience is great."," this bank is great bank and I really love the culture and atmosphere and my team.","Bank Senior Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","West Harrison, NY","August 26, 2014","5.0"
"Challenging and fast paced operations environment","Service high volume and activity driven commercial loan portfolios. I enjoy working in a team oriented department. The complexity and volumes have significantly enhanced my skills in multitasking, prioritization and organization!","Commercial Loans Operation Supervisor I","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 25, 2014","3.0"
"New Business Development","Given opportunity to advance my sales skills in Wealth Management and Estate Planning. Enjoyed working with seasoned professionals.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","August 25, 2014","4.0"
"Performed withdrawal and deposits for customers'. Offering bank products when beneficial for customer.","Accepted retail and commercial deposits. Balanced foreign currency. Promoted bank's products and services.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 25, 2014","3.0"
"Low pay, terrible management","I wish I could say I had a great experience here, the pay is so low, others continually left to go to other banks because the pay is higher virtually everywhere. Management was terrible, possibly just my Branch I don't know.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2014","3.0"
"Compensation does not equal duties","My experience is that they can not seem to keep quality people because they do not compensate them enough. People are frequently moving around or leaving and they leave people thinned out without urgency to staff The job itself is very easy but there is A LOT to remember so theft or fraud does not happen, a lot of pressure.","Teller","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 22, 2014","3.0"
"Teller/Banker","I started working as part time traveling teller but fast moved into regular full time teller and then financial sales. its great company with great advancement opportunities and great co-workers.","Banker","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2014","5.0"
"community involvement","You know that feeling when the alarm clocks goes off and your like, ups!, gotta go to work. Well this work life was like refreshing every morning, willing and ready to get work started. Everyone comes to work with positive attitudes and we get straight to learning what's new, what goals are set for the day and what products do we sale today. Management was on point, we all had a share in lobby management. The hardest part about the job when you really mediate on it, would be trying to dislike my job, lol no but, to work around those who doesn't take their job seriously. The best part about my job was to learn new things everyday or every second of the day, to actually help those who need help, I loved building relationships with my customers as well as co-workers, just learning new things everyday was an enjoyment.","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 22, 2014","4.0"
"Excellent leadership and good products","In despite to be new in the South Florida Market. this bank is active in the lending arena, in despite of not providing loans for international buyers which most of the banks are not.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Plantation, Fl","August 22, 2014","5.0"
"Customer Service","• Cash Handling. • Opened accounts to consumers best needs. • Controlled several branch operations. • Greet Customers and also assist them with ATM transactions","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 20, 2014","4.0"
"Productivity is important","Busy day everyday process check balancing, etc. Great people to work with.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","August 19, 2014","3.0"
"on site Loan Officer","Loan officer, take application talk to customer, price loans","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","August 18, 2014","3.0"
"The best company","Overall this company is great. The employee relations, customer care, job security and advancement are phenomenal.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 16, 2014","5.0"
"Underpayment for services rendered","A typical day included assisting 9 bank branches with their mortgage clients. I had to travel everyday to 4 out of 5 branches daily. Taking applications only occurred after conducting a needs analysis/interview with the client. I had to review what situation the client was in and determine their needs. If a client was looking for a prequalification certificate this was taken care of accordingly. I loved my position as this point of contact for my branches but the compensation was a major issue. Our operations team had its challenges and was undergoing renovations so it took its toll on our efforts. The most difficult part of this position is not having a voice within the company and essentially being asked for more and more business and not successfully closing the current business. I had excellent relationships with my branch partners because I made sure I communicated daily with them and reported updates. I definitely enjoyed the position and the people. The compensation is not where it needs to be for the amount of work that is given.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Allentown, PA","August 15, 2014","2.0"
"Constant Change","This bank is exciting and ever growing. My compliance foundation was built with this company, and its a pretty solid foundation.","Compliance Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2014","4.0"
"nice place to work","nice friendly people always learning new things staff very informatative","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2014","2.0"
"I am a teller/customer service assoiate. There is no such thing as a typical day. I can be a teller or open new accounts and put loans on.","A customer service associate at this bank is a true multi=tasker. There is no such thing as a typical day. I can be a teller one minute and next I am at the desk putting a loan application on for a customer. We have objectives and goals that we have to meet.","Teller to CSA","Current Employee","700 Beulah Road Turtle Creek, Pa 15145","August 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great Management","Assist customers with deposits, withdrawals, and payments. Answer telephone assist customers with problems or questions concerning accounts.","Assist Customers","Current Employee","muskegon mi","August 12, 2014","3.0"
"productive fun place to work where we form relationships with customers","productive fun place to work where we form relationships with customers. We do not just process a transaction we speak to the customers help them feel comfortable and let them know that anything that occurs in there financial life we are here to help and show them everything they need and want to know","Floating Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 12, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work with solid benefits, lots of opportunity, and a fast paced yet family friendly work environment.","Integration Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2014","5.0"
"Convenient place to work","They were very flexible with my school hours. Everyone was nice and easy to get along with. I learned more into the banking system. The hardest part about the job was counting at the end of shifts and the best part was the interactions with customers and employees.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 11, 2014","5.0"
"Overall good company to work for","A typical day in the branch involved mainly assisting customers with their financial needs and the tellers with processing questions or handling customer complaints In my time with the company I learned a lot about managing a staff and the balance between my own responsibilities and theirs I am very much a people person and found the importance of understanding your employees on a personal level and not just professional to be great I specialized in Audit preparation and getting the staff and branch ready for an annual internal audit I most enjoyed helping the staff overcome obstacles and helping them understand how to do it in the future on their own. I received a lot of personal fulfillment watching the staff grow and move on to higher positions whether they be with the bank or outside of the company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 11, 2014","4.0"
"Great company to work for.","Like most banks the environment is sales driven, but if you can handle that, then this company is great. Your goals are set clearly for you and your team so there is no confusion and it's very easy to get in contact with higher-ups if you ever needed to contact them.","TELLER","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","August 11, 2014","5.0"
"N/a","My day consists of taking inbound phone calls about customers bank accounts. While on this call I must find something to sell the customer or attempt to sell what the system prompts me to sell. My coworkers are great. the job itself is not very fulfilling which is the hardest part of working for this bank.","Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 11, 2014","2.0"
"Data entry for certification of accounts","I certify new accounts coming into the bank from all this bank branch locations around the USA. I work with OFAC on all foreign customers coming into the USA opening bank accounts to assure they have all the proper i.d. that is required by government policies.","Senior Operations Analyst","Current Employee","500 First Avenue Pittsburgh PA","August 10, 2014","4.0"
"Great repore with cusotmers and coworkers.","Process transactions for clients and learn about their financial situations as well as their personal life. My managers and peers coach each other throughout the day on ways to better the experience for our clients. My coworkers and I have good communication between us and we can go to each other for pretty much anything. I love the environment I'm in at this bank because I feel comfortable and clients really enjoy coming in and talking with us. The hardest part for me is getting referrals in for our products.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Antioch, IL","August 10, 2014","5.0"
"Productive, diversified workforce and teamwork","I believe the introduction of the this bank Conversation has put this bank on another level. This makes it easy to communicate, uncover customer needs and to cross sell.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","North Haledon, NJ","August 7, 2014","4.0"
"Productive","Great staff team, opportunity of advancement, fair rules and regulations,","TELLER","Current Employee","Yardville, NJ","August 6, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced work environment with good people","Pay isn't the greatest here and there are constant changes. But there has always been good people.","Wire Investigation - Customer Service Rep II","Current Employee","Philadelphia PA","August 6, 2014","4.0"
"High pace , highly responsible , goal oriented environment","Opening a branch daily with everyday quick start meeting with staff going over previous day success ,correction , policies and expectation Managing a day to day operation of the branch. Creating a comfortable place for employees to work and customers to receive expected service. Help staff deliver expected goal set by the company . Hardest part of the job for me was finding the right people for the job. Having positions open for more than 6 months. The most enjoyable part of my job was being recognized for job well done. training others and to being a mentor.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Spotswood, NJ","August 6, 2014","4.0"
"productive and great experience","I truly enjoyed my time of employment with this bankGIS and learned a tremendous amount of things about working in the Global industry from a market perspective.","Global Administrator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 5, 2014","5.0"
"Good Company","Work with three trading products and all the necessary work for all customers under those products.","AVP","Current Employee","Pgh, PA","August 5, 2014","3.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank is a great place to work with a continued emphasis on employee engagement and career advancement.","Manager II","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 4, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and fun work place","Go to work every morning on time always with a smile , prepare for everyday work . I had a great experience working in the bank and dealing with people and helping them with their needs . My co-workers was very pleasant and nice . we used to work as a team .. Our supervisor was very pleasant and helpful to everyone . the hardest part of my job when the bank is busy , but all of us used to handle these kind of stress in a pleasant smiley face to all customers.. And the most enjoyable part is when you see the customers happy with your service you gave them and thank you at the end .. My enjoyable time also is I do achieve my goal for the month for opening saving / checking accounts ..","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 2, 2014","5.0"
"Advancement opportunities available","On a typical day at work, as a teller, will be processing customer's transactions, resolving customer issues and requests, and anything you cannot resolve you escalate it to the platform representatives. As a teller in this bank I have learned that as long as you do your job well and right at all times and go far and beyond what is expected of you, you can advance fairly quickly within this bank as long as you have the drive and will to move forward and better yourself. Management is there to help you move forward when needed, helps you answer questions that you may have, and much more. My co-workers are the best, we work well together and get things done effectively and efficiently. The hardest part of this job is making sure to balance to the penny at the end of the day, to make your goals on the daily basis which is 1.5% of the transactions you make a day, and to always give your 100 percent customer service to all and every client and non-client that walks through that door. All in all, I enjoy my job and the people I work with; however, I personally have outgrown this job field and is seeking a different career path.","Full-Time Teller & ATM Custodian","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","July 31, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work","Fun, fast-paced, friendly environment for anyone. Everyone from management on down is very helpful and resourceful.","Teller","Current Employee","Saint Charles, MO","July 31, 2014","5.0"
" this bank Summary","• Teller and Customer Service Training. • Completed the process of counting the money, reconciling the receipts and balancing the register on a daily basis. • Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies. • Educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company's mission and values. • Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including follow ups with custome • Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays. • Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lavallette, NJ","July 30, 2014","5.0"
"Risk job","Is a very complicate job, you have to be aware of so many things around you, I learned to be proactive, pushing, listen to people. I love to help my clients to meet their goals. see how my recommendations or attitude help them in their life.","Sales Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New York, NY","July 30, 2014","5.0"
" this bank is a good company to work for.","I worked in the Lyndhurst Branch. Management and employees were both knowledgeable and helpful. The company has a wonderful culture of caring for both employees and customers.I looked forward to going to work daily because of my co-workers and clients. The people in my branch worked very well together, a great TEAM.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT III","Former Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","July 30, 2014","4.0"
"I worked here and it was extremely disappointing!!!","First of all, the hours I was hired to work was not what I was given once I started. Also, the teller supervisor either ignored my questions or pretended not to hear me or was annoyed when I asked for help. It was very confusing due to the fact that everyone that worked here had a different way of doing the job therefore I never understood what was correct and what was not. Don't work here.","part time teller","Former Employee","Blakeslee, PA","July 29, 2014","2.0"
"Productive and Team Oriented Enviornment","Some of my daily responsibilities include providing information to help internal service partners with regulatory, system, product and policy disputes related to retirement accounts. Train peers on department procedures, IRS regulations, legal documentation requirements, products, features, benefits, software, and information systems. Also, organize and prepare original documents for retention and storage and fulfilling document requests as well as quality controlling documents for completeness.","Retirement Services Operations Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2014","3.0"
"Terrible Management","The management would implement goals that were unrealistic due to ALWAYS being short staffed! Once, we surpassed our goal for checking accounts causing the region to exceed their goal and the regional manager said since it was student accounts it would not be profitable accounts; instead of praising us for our hard work! this bank as a company looks at each employee as a number. You are not a valued person and even when you go over and beyond sacrificing time with your family it will not be recognized or even appreciated. this bank does initially make you think your opinion counts due to employee surveys, but if you don't give your branch or manager good scores you are punished. If you are thinking about working with this company DON'T! You will be happier somewhere else!!","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","July 28, 2014","2.0"
"awesome motivational workplace","manangers always checked on me to make sure I was comfortable in my job abilities and had everything I need to be successful","Teller","Former Employee","Bedford, OH","July 27, 2014","4.0"
"Management is more concerned with quanity rather than quality","Compensation is better than other jobs I have had, however management does not clearly communicate expectations nor do they seem concerned about employees.","Investigations","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 26, 2014","3.0"
" this bank","I worked in a lockbox at this bank. We had several daily deadlines that we tried to meet with proficiency and accuracy. I learned to see how the way I did my job affected the rest of my department. My co workers were efficient and I developed some valuable friendships while I worked for this bank which I will have the rest of my life. Hardest part of the job was when management would not allow me to stay past my shift to help the other shifts. I know that there was a budget to be watched, but I thought getting work processed was more important because it effected the customers' finances. Most enjoyable part of my job was completing my work and helping the other shifts keep up with their work. What did I think of management? I realize the office manager had to do what the corporate managers told them to do, but I believe corporate was too concerned with this bank's profits and not enough about meeting the customer's needs. They seem to have forgotten that if enough customers got disgusted and left this bank, the bank would start losing business and their profits would go down.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 25, 2014","4.0"
"Learning/Growing and Engagement","Everyday we have the opportunities to learn and grow our own career path. One of the main goals that we look to accomplish is to create engagement with our employees which makes for a better working environment.","Training Facilitator","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 24, 2014","4.0"
"Able to Move up","A great place to learn and grow as an employee as well as a person.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 24, 2014","5.0"
"Terrible management","Management did not finish the jobs assigned to them. Then the whole branch suffers. Unrealistic goals. High stress low pay.","Loan Originator","Current Employee","Shippenville, PA","July 23, 2014","2.0"
"Great coaching and support"," this bank is a great company to work for. Their commitment to coaching and training is truly outstanding! I loved working in different areas of the branch and being utilized anywhere I was needed. You truly have to have a passion for customer service when working there, and of course like any other banking position, thick skin because you are working with our customers money. You need to be able to say NO or tell them why their account is over drawn, or say why their loan was not approved. this bank is known for being the most conservative banks around, but I was a very proud member of this bank and will always be thankful for my time there! I learned a great deal, and had an awesome experience. Banking is fun, and it's all about the kinds of conversations you have with the customers to uncover their needs.","Full time teller","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","July 23, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work at just low pay","I love working for this bank, just wish the pay rate was better. Much lower when compared to other retail banks.","Retail banking teller","Current Employee","Manassas, VA","July 22, 2014","5.0"
"good company","took inbound calls to enroll customer in annually benefits for different companys.","benefits enrollment specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 21, 2014","3.0"
"Worst mortgage position I've ever had","Unfortunately, there is little positive I have to say about my experience as a Sr. Loan Officer at this bank Mortgage. Getting loans processed, underwritten and closed in a timely manner did not seem to be high on the priority list at this bank. Processors would not respond to voice mails and emails for days. Clients were left hanging with no information about the status of loans. Loans did not close on time. There's more, but suffice it to say that I would not recommend working at this bank for anyone who wants to be in the mortgage business long term (keeping commitments is a primary job for longevity as a loan officer and the support at this bank was almost non-existent).","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Spring, TX","July 21, 2014","1.0"
"Great place to work","Assisted customers with financial transactions. While at this bank, I learned many different things about the financial realm. The hardest part of the job was dealing with irate customers. The most enjoyable part of the job was developing relationships with customers and coworkers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","July 20, 2014","4.0"
"Very kind and understanding people to work fot.","I like going to work each day always a new challenge and things where very pleasant there.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","July 20, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work and good benefits","Process customer transactions related to deposits, loan payments, withdrawals, and account transfers. Provide excellent customer service Backed-up the teller supervisor when necessary to manage the branch cash vault Enjoyed working as part of team where opinions were acknowledged and sometimes implemented The hardest part of the job is providing excellent customer service to challenging customers. While challenging, it always helps to sharpen my skill set.","Teller","Current Employee","Edwardsville, IL","July 18, 2014","5.0"
"Good Place to work","I have been in Data Control Process up to the day I have to relocate in 2012 I have learn new work in Data Control as there have been several changes. I took every opportunity to learn what was giving to me. Maintained accounting systems utilized for foreign and domestic securities trading. Management- door was always open for any concerns and issues. co-workers- I can get along and work well with others. hardest part- of the job is time getting trades ticket out in a timely manner. I enjoy most able Data Control that we was a small department that we got the job done.","Data Control Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia,pa","July 17, 2014","3.0"
"Financial sales consultant","Responsible for opening new accounts, loans, helping customers establish new lines of credit, along with providing excellent customer service to existing and future clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 17, 2014","4.0"
"co-workers","We have a great team. Everything is done wright the first time, customers are satisfied and sales goals are met do to the team work.","customer service","Current Employee","Palos Hills, IL","July 17, 2014","4.0"
"good place","fun busy and always something to do. customer service is a must for this pwostion","Teller","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","July 17, 2014","5.0"
"Wonderful work environment","Worked mostly independently; focused on preparing and filing documents. Loved to work with computers. My favorite part of the job was giving out paychecks to employees and seeing them smile!","Document Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 17, 2014","4.0"
"No chance of full time teller work at this bank."," this bank is trying to do away with tellers. The opening positions are all part-time. They encourage ATM and mobile deposits. They want employees to do teller and platform work at below average teller salary.","Teller","Former Employee","MD","July 17, 2014","3.0"
"Call center environment, very busy phone lines, management is available for serious calls, great benefits, employee oriented.","Although I feel the pay grades were not very high, I felt this bank was very employee oriented otherwise. They are also very customer oriented, which is helpful if you are working in customer service. If you work hard and meet goals, you can increase your wages. There are opportunities to move into other areas of the call center. After one year, you can apply to other areas within the entire bank.","Wealth Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 16, 2014","4.0"
"Productive work place","• 7+ years of dynamic experience in Information Technology involving analysis, design and integration of Datawarehouses using ETL, Data Warehousing tools and Web applications. • Extensive experience in analysis, design, development, testing and maintenance of ETL using Informatica PowerCenter 8.x/9.x","ETL Technical LEad","Current Employee","OH","July 16, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work and learn about building a business","*Every morning i hold a daily quick start meeting to establish daily goals/plans. *I learned how to increase profits for a business, since this bank holds each branch accountable for their profit and loss. *Daily observations and coaching sessions to increase employee success and develop growth. *Managed five highly motivated employees. *Hardest part of job was scheduling employees time to make sure no overtime was needed. *The most enjoyable part of my job is having my employees reach their goals and be successful.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Irondale, AL","July 15, 2014","4.0"
"Productive and Great working environment","I enjoy working for this bank. It is a competitive and rewarding place to work. I really enjoy the people I work for and with.","Universal banking consultant","Current Employee","Collinsville, IL","July 15, 2014","5.0"
"Thank you for the past 5 years","I was there for 5 years and then they just let me got for one small issue.","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","sterling va","July 14, 2014","1.0"
"Great organization to get solid recruiting background experience","Fast paced environment. Professional. Great support functions to Talent Management team. Technology focused. Enjoyed working with the managers I supported.","Recruiter Lending Services","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 14, 2014","4.0"
"A place with many oportunities","A typical day on the job is answering branch and cusotmer calls. I have learned many skills working with this bank such as time mangament and how to deal customers and to create the best options for them.","Retirement Services Phone Consultant","Current Employee","pittsburgh, pa","July 14, 2014","4.0"
"N/a","Very friendly and diverse place. I have learned a lot of things working here.","Switcher","Current Employee","Newark, DE","July 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great organization to begin and build a career"," this bank has been an overall positive organization to grow and learn the banking business. Top notch training and development programs and hands on career management.","Healthcare Account Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2014","4.0"
"Wonderful company to work for."," this bank was a great place to work and I was laid off and would go back in a heartbeat! Great people, benefits and salary.","Operations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 13, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, I love my job. I love working with customers and my staff is a excellent team.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","naperville il","July 12, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","I really enjoyed my time at this bank, I learned a lot met some great people.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","July 11, 2014","4.0"
"Nice work environment, good location company over all is a good company","typical work day 8 to 5 pm loved the hours no weekends, nice clean environment , professional, co-worker were friendly.","Document Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 10, 2014","4.0"
"My experience","I loved working for this bank because they actually care about the customers needs as well as the employees needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","July 10, 2014","5.0"
"Customer focused","Work with great people, Believe that if the customer has a great experence that will lead to more of their business. Great work life balanc hard part is apologizing for something you did not do, I understand that employees represent the company.","Acting Branch Manager","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","July 9, 2014","4.0"
"It's not as good as people say in Pittsburgh","Very challenging sales goals with a very stubborn way to approach clients. You not only compete against other banks for the business but also have to fight Internally to be competitive Very challenging to get things done.","Vice President","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","July 8, 2014","2.0"
"Worst Job Ever","By far the worst bank I have ever worked for, and the worst job I have ever had. The management in the southeast is ignorant to the market place and they are way under qualified for their positions. The emphasis on checking accounts is pathetic and they do not provide incentives for the amount they stress them. If you want to go to Wal-Mart to beg people for checking accounts, this is your place. Otherwise, work somewhere else. The only reason I worked here as long as I did was because of the people I worked with. We all hated our jobs together.","Financial Service Representative","Former Employee","Mountain Brook, AL","July 8, 2014","1.0"
"Na","Very enjoyable company to work for but the mortgage business has too many ups and downs","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 8, 2014","4.0"
"Great work environment","I loved working their because the environment and co workers were amazing","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 7, 2014","5.0"
"Great place to work","A typical day at this bank is being in a very fast paced, productive environment.","R Advantage Supervisor I","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","July 7, 2014","5.0"
"Productivity","I find that this job was very accommodating to the needs that I needed and understanding when everyday thing came up they were flexible about it.","loan Specialist","Former Employee","Consumer loan center","July 7, 2014","5.0"
"More customer focused","Not very employee conscious. Willing to displace employees for anything. No job security.","Part-Time Customer Service Sales Associate","Current Employee","Springfield, PA","July 6, 2014","2.0"
"Excellent place to learn about the banking industry","Typical day is speaking with customers about their banking needs. Excellent training and support.","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2014","5.0"
"Aggressive Sales and Relationship Management"," this bank to me is the best bank to work for in the banking industry. Over the course of the past decade, sales has becoming more and more aggressive to interest and convince clients that their bank is the best. At this bank, you are the best because we tailor a conversation specific to get information form the client and have them talk about themselves. As a Relationship Manager, we use what they told us and fit them into the correct products and solutions. this bank is aggressive but in a different way as they show they care for the relationship over just the sale. The sale means that person will get their Credit Card, Home Equity, Mortgage, Car loans from a different bank rather from the person from this bank who is already discussing this with the clients. A highly recommended company to work and gain experience in the industry.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","July 6, 2014","5.0"
"Diverse and dynamic working environment for a developing financial company"," this bank is a robust and advancing competitor in the finance industry. It was recognized as an employee-centric company by many standards. However, actual workers there may believe otherwise. This fast-paced, demanding job may exhaust your quality of life (which is a key component of their core values). The benefits package appears to be substantial on paper until they're necessarily utilized. Yet, an assitance program with average resources can mainly rectify and ameliorate some of these issues. Overall, this bank's compensation alongside requirements is not commensurable, though with the dynamic managing personnel any individual will flourish.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 5, 2014","3.0"
"Productive work place","I was a Financial Sales Consultant typical day would handling customers on platform side of the branch. Had really high sales goals which I was able to achieve. The overall rating is a three star having problems selecting.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Turnersville, NJ","July 5, 2014","1.0"
"legal document review, credit applications, customer service","Fast-paced envioment, loved helping people better their finnancial situation by eliminating unwanted debt. Also enjoyed learning about different accounts and how these accounts needed to be titled depeneding on each customers unique situation. management was tough being this position was more of a learn on your own envioment, I would have to agree this was the hardest part of my day (training was not an option).","licensed","Current Employee","Bethel Park","July 3, 2014","5.0"
"It was a productive and enjoyable workplace","Most enjoyable part was working with the public and the hardest part was balancing the vault. My work day was very structured and enjoyable.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","July 3, 2014","2.0"
"Great place","Greta place to work with lots of coaching and advancements on the job","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Rockville, MD","July 2, 2014","4.0"
"Fast paced enviornment to work","Great job if looking for fast paced place of work. great opportunity to meet new peopl Typical 8-5 bank job","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Cinnaminson, NJ","July 2, 2014","3.0"
"under-staffed and overworked.","DO NOT apply for the Libertyville location. Try anywhere else. Branch Manager there is a headcase and messes with you mentally on a daily basis. I worked there for under six months due to this. He waits for the slightest slip up and then gets you fired by HR. Save yourself and do not apply for this position at Libertyville.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Libertyville, IL","July 1, 2014","2.0"
"Great work/life balance opportunities"," this bank offers a great work/life balance. I have enjoyed working there for the past 6+ years. Co-workers are great.","Business Systems Analyst Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 1, 2014","4.0"
"Banking on a budget....","I work with a good group of co workers. I have learned many new things for this job, independent of any job training.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Onley, VA","June 28, 2014","3.0"
"Great Place to work"," this bank Cares about its customers, and it is a wonderful place to work.","Officer","Current Employee","Baltimore, Md","June 27, 2014","5.0"
"In enjoyed my job while working at this bank","A typical day at this bank would start out by getting prepared for the day. We worked together as a team to take care of our clients needs. We put our clients first. Working at the bank allowed me to assist many clients with their financial needs. This would make them happy and that would make me feel good about myself. I enjoy assisting people with their needs. My co-workers and myself got along and that make us work well as a team.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Pensacola, FL","June 27, 2014","4.0"
"Manager was a bully!","My last manager was a bully who threatened your job on a daily basis. She would tell you one thing one day and tell you the opposite thing the next, then tell you that you are stupid. She would approve things and when they came back -accuse you of forging her signature. CRAZY","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Bloomfield, MI","June 27, 2014","1.0"
"Conservative Banking","Bank has a very consevative approach that demographically does not work for everyone.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Cicero IL","June 26, 2014","4.0"
"Extreme cash handling job","Monday- Thursday is basically slow. Tellers handle all customer needs at the window and refer additional services to customer service reps. Fridays and Saturdays are very busy. The hardest part of the job was managing long lines at some branches due to few tellers on staff. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know regular customers and helping serve their financial needs.","Teller II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 25, 2014","4.0"
"Great place to work in the POCONOS","Loved working in the north east from the DM to co workers everyone is like family!!! and all with bend over backwards to help and train for advancement...","Tri-County Region floater","Former Employee","Mount Pocono, PA","June 25, 2014","4.0"
"not a good place to work.","a typical day at work was logging into our phones half would do this half would not if we would all log into our phones like we were suppose to this would have made our lives so much easier...Managers didn't care...I think because at the time it was a new call center maybe? people was calling out...they would just leave wouldn't come back with out notice...then management would try to contact them via mail?? this no call no show no work ethics...it was just a crazy mixed up place...half of the people on things showing up to work??? it was a living night mare working there...I am just glad to be away peace..In my heart I really think the one manager she might have been nice in heart but, they put her in a really position she had no clue about and, it brought out the worse in her too much he said she said too childish there..gives me chills I hope in time they have gotten better.","Underwriter 2","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 25, 2014","1.0"
"N/a","Built and expanded customer relationships, grew book of business while exceeding sales goal Consistently exceeds monthly loan dollar goal of $700,000 a mont Process Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit, Auto Loans, Personal loans (secured & unsecured), and credit card applications. Exceeds monthly goal of new DDA accounts by conducting at least two Workplace Banking onsites per month at local companies. Established new DDA accounts and banking relationships with employees of each company visite Lead region in quarterly incentive payout each of last three quarters. Consistently exceeds revenue credit threshold required for incentive payout each quarter. Trained to process teller transactions on an as needed basis. Facilitated Financial literacy workshops and classes (Foundations of Money Management, Credit 101, Smart Borrowing)","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","June 24, 2014","2.0"
"bank environment, learned a lot form other FA","good company meeting clients plan for their goals and objectives","Licensed Financial Advisor","Former Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","June 24, 2014","4.0"
"Great Benefits"," this bank offers great benefits. They are one of very few companies that still offer pension","Senior Implementation Analyst","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","June 24, 2014","4.0"
"Aston Gardens","My first job so it was a good start but not what I wanted to do. Needed to find a career.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Coral Springs, FL","June 23, 2014","3.0"
"Still up and coming","My overall rating for my position at this bank is 50/50, the company is still making changes do to the bank merger with bank N.","CSR","Former Employee","Brecksville Ohio","June 22, 2014","3.0"
"Data Entry Corporate and Lockbox Clerk","Mostly I do data entry for business checks that business pay to another business more likely business bank. My responsible was checking all the checks to make sure they filled the check not leave some blank and if the check left some blank then has to mail it back to the company to make sure they write fill the check before we do deposit those checks to the business bank that pay to another business as company... I love to do data entry as kept me busy and had some good friends there thro as I enjoyed hang out with them include supervisor.. I has a good reason to resigned because there are two things I have to signed but it is good pay I ever had in my life which I love it too","Data Entry Corporate and Lockbox Clerk","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","June 22, 2014","5.0"
"Need a change","Truly love what I do, but Manager has taken things to a new and worse level that it starts to get to me. I love being able to help customers and if that is what my job was suppose to be, but since the change in upper management things have changed and its now everyone is a number.","o Manager","Current Employee","West Chester, PA","June 22, 2014","4.0"
"Fun place to work great people and company","Worked in the collections dept. for credit cards had to call this bank credit card holders to resolve past due accounts.","Account Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 22, 2014","5.0"
"Good environment","I really enjoy working there, the people are great and there is a good work/life balance.","Compliance Senior Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2014","4.0"
"Great professional experience","This past summer I learned a great deal about this bank as an intern in the HR Metrics & Analytics Department. While there, I had the opportunity to work on implementing the PeopleSoft 9.1 project, a Human Resource Management System allowing for Enterprise Resource Planning to consolidate all business operations into a uniform system environment and deliver value to its stakeholders. Another project I worked on was an analysis of turnover rates, shifting salary quartiles, and costs to move salary bands among several large markets. In addition, I completed was a Financial Overview of this bank Compensation & Benefits compared with several other major banks in order to assess this bank's rank and performance among its rivals in that area. Finally, I assisted in creating dashboards in OBIE 11G, a program which allows for easier access to corporate data and provides common infrastructure for reports and analysis. Aside from these projects, I gained experience in creating professional relationships among employees that assisted me with my work.","Analytics Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 20, 2014","5.0"
"Challenging mornings to successful afternoons","Friendly staff, managers and supervisors approachable at almost any part of the day if needed. My goal is to directly and properly assist as many that are in need Proactive in volunteering the this bank brand through Wellness Activities","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2014","4.0"
"Great environment to work in!","A typical day is just assisting customers as quickly and as correctly as possible, while making your customer feel appreciated and special. The management is great and professional. Coworkers are easy to work with and positive about their jobs. The job overall is very enjoyable.","Teller","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 19, 2014","5.0"
"Stressful","Co worker are nice but the management no so much. The work load the majority of the time was heavy. The compensation and benefits are good.","Clerk IV","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2014","3.0"
"A typical day at work","As the Merchant Representative I was responsible for the monthly goals of twelve branches on the District of Columbia. I will meet with customer at the branch as well as their place of business. I will call cold with branch personnel to acquire more leads and expand our footprint.","Merchant Services Account Executive","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 19, 2014","4.0"
"n","It is a good place to work for. My co-workers are a great group to work with","Teller","Current Employee","West Dundee, IL","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"Great and new experience","Overall, I love this job. My co-workers are wonderful, management is great when not stressing about our CIQ or quota. On a typical day, we sign in, greet customers, process a few deposits or withdrawals, etc. Business has been slow. The hardest part of this job is finding a way to get to work since I live 10mi away. The most enjoyable about this job is meeting our regular clients and making them, and every other client, feel special and satisfied with our suggestions of products. I've learned much information at this bank, I'm not business savvy so it helps.","Teller","Current Employee","Leesburg, VA","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"Great environment with room to grow"," this bank has a great work/life balance and team environment. I feel that everyone cares about educating one another and growing within the company.","Teller","Current Employee","Delray Beach, FL","June 18, 2014","5.0"
"Oracle DBA.at this bank"," this bank is a American Financial Services Corporation. this bank operations include a regional banking franchise operating primarily in nineteen States and the District of Columbia, specialized financial businesses serving companies and government entities, and asset management and processing businesses.","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"nothing but the best","i love my job... its the best company ever.. just keeping my options open to better opportunities","dda collection","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 18, 2014","5.0"
"Energetic and dynamic work environment","merged bank provides one with the opportunity to excel in various areas if you show initiative. I was able to use my ability to communicate and analyze data plus decision making to promote into other areas of interest and need. Co-workers are generally very conscientious and aid in building a very good work environment.","Foreclosure - Real Estate Officer","Former Employee","Brecksville, Ohio","June 18, 2014","4.0"
"loved working with this company","I had great time working with company started with them when the company first merged with RBC bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","June 17, 2014","4.0"
"Upper management has little to no clue.","Pros- Coworkers, work/life balance, hours Cons- Low pay, recruiters tell you inflated numbers about what current bankers are making in commission (You will find out very quickly that many bankers never reach there incentive bonus. I found out during a sales meeting within the first week; going over the 'top' bankers revenue credits which are never enough to make incentive).","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee,WI","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Good company","Great work culture but pays employees extremely low wages.","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Friendly place to work","Very nice people, overall a nice place to work. Sometimes have to work long hours, can be stressful , but that comes with any job in finance and banking.","FHA Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Energetic place to work for with a high demand for achievement.","Everyday we were active in marketing our products and services to our customers. We needed to provide a 'go-getter' attitude. Management was actively involved in ways to improve the achievement of our daily goals. The hardest part of the job was finding new and innovative ways to gain business. Banking is very competitive these days. The most enjoyable part was building relationships with my customers and improving their financial well-being.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Orland Park, IL","June 16, 2014","4.0"
"Typical day...","The HR Project Coordinator role consist of a combination of responsiblities and adhoc requests. In my department, I support HR Operations and Talent Aquisition initiatives. I've also had the opportunities to partner with the Training and Development on various projects.","HR Project Coordinator","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 16, 2014","4.0"
"It's an OK place to work.","It started off as good, good training, when you're on your teams they ride you on everything. Over whelm you first time you mess up they blame you for loosing customers. Has their good & bad days. Coaches & managers has that 'I'm better than you attitude' Pay is good if you're full time, part time barely gets you by.","Core Card Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo Mi","June 16, 2014","3.0"
"Great Team Experience","Working at this bank was a very enjoyable job. In a typical day, I would get to meet a lot of customers and help them solve their financial problems. I have a very good experience with my manager. She was always there to let me try new things. The hardest part of the job was dealing with irate customers, but after awhile, they became something that was not so difficult to deal with.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","June 14, 2014","4.0"
"Helping small business grow made my feeling good","Construct and implement successful sales strategies via cold calling and prospecting to establishing new business banking. Develop and grow existing business banking portfolios: while concentrating on 100% client retention, by selling this bank business bank product.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 14, 2014","5.0"
"laid off after 10 1/2 years","laid off after 10 1/2 years without so much as a goodbye from senior management","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2014","1.0"
