2500,"nice working environment,","My front desk receptionist position was okay. They wanted me to help with insurance calls on their financed equipment, but I was not fully trained and they claimed they were short staffed. I finally told them I did not feel comfortable making these calls as I did not know what I was suppose to be requesting and when asked questions from agents, I really didn't know what to say.","Front Desk","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 17, 2018","3.0"
2501,"OK bank to work for","Pay was good. Management was OK, but they didn't communicate well with us. Too many meetings and not enough tellers to cover on busy days. Goals were fair.","SR BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Fair Haven, NJ","May 17, 2018","3.0"
2502,"Fun and productive place to work which compensated me well","A typical day at work for me consisted of being on the phones with my customers internal and external. I learned about the home preservation programs which were created to assist customers with staying in their homes. My Manager was extremely knowledgeable about the Mortgage loan servicing process and investor guidelines. My manager was helpful not just to me but any departments. The culture was diverse. The hardest part of my job was delivering foreclosure sales to customers and the most enjoyable part of work was advising borrowers of their approval for hone retention options.","single point of contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 16, 2018","4.0"
2503,"Fast-paced and demanding","This position required a lot of research and resolution of customer issues with very structured deadlines.This position in highly regulated to ensure customer needs were met.","Excellent Servicing Solutions Rep II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 16, 2018","5.0"
2504,"stable worplace, little room for advancement"," this bank is a good company to work for however there is little room for advancement. I often did not feel valued or supported by management. There was little recognition for exceptional performance.","Agency Performance Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 16, 2018","3.0"
2505,"Great place to work","I loved working at this bank, the managers were great at teaching you to be a better employee, co-workers shared best practices that would help everyone out, some managers would create a fun and competitive atmosphere, be prepared though to deal with aggressive and unfriendly customers every now and then, they would say terrible things over the phone","Core consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 15, 2018","5.0"
2506,"Excellent company","I loved working at this bank until I became disabled. However; there computer systems and programs were unable to allow the use of speak to type programs such as Dragon, etc. accommodations required to meet my disability requirements or reduced hours. Therefore, I was unable to return. In addition, after being LTD, there was no current job opening in my department.","Senior collateral Underwriter","Former Employee","Virtual","May 15, 2018","4.0"
2507,"customer care center","It was an exceptional workplace. youthful. The customer care center in Kalamazoo is a great place to work.I would recommend it to others looking for a position in banking.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 14, 2018","5.0"
2508,"Job security is good","Is a good place to work. The chance for advancement is great if you are willing to work hard. Great benefit which is hard to find these days. Hardest part of the job is doing straight data entry for 8 to 9 hours a day.","Operation Analyst","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 14, 2018","3.0"
2509,"Good place to work","I would recommend this bank to any and everyone. A great environment to work in. Great benefits- 401K, pension, healthcare ect. Management guides you without micro managing.","Sales Administrator","Current Employee","Los Angeles, CA","May 14, 2018","5.0"
2510,"Customer Service Representative","Inbound calls 70-100 calls per day Service customers and resolve issues Multitasking is in high demand in this positionThe hardest part can be dealing with irate customers constantly (it can be very mentally draining)Always room for advancement or working in a different departmentThe company hires internally first The pay is good to start- plenty of opportunity for raises Incentive bonuses We receive benefits at a discounted rate I gave a 3, because frontline agents can be borderline verbally abused by customers-- we cannot disconnect the line30 minute lunches- pack your lunch to maximize your timescheduled adherence is strict, not much room for errorssometimes I feel my position is based on quantity not the quality of the work","Technical Support","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 14, 2018","3.0"
2511,"this bank Taught Me A Lot","I learned so much while working at this bank. I traveled a lot with my job. I gained so much experience and I am grateful. I recommend this bank for job seekers. It is a great place to work.","Senior Auditor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 13, 2018","5.0"
2512,"Don't work there","They fired me for being a Veteran. Couldn't prove it of course. But that is the only reason possible as last I heard, they were still using my code. Additionally, they primarily hire non-Americans to write critical code that can't go more than a month before having a Sev 1 failure.","Software Engineer - Senior","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2018","1.0"
2513,"flexible with school scheduke"," this bank is a good place to work while you are in school, most departments you can make your weekly schedule so it makes it flexible. The breaks are short and the calls can be very stressful. However, the pay is pretty good.","Core Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 12, 2018","3.0"
2514,"OK place to work, but Mgr was no help","Not a bad company to work for, but there was a lot of manager turnover. The systems were in place, but processing was not very efficient. The regional manager resigned a few weeks prior to me and the branch manager resigned the same day I did.","MLO","Former Employee","Bellevue, WA","May 11, 2018","3.0"
2515,"Good people","A nice place to work, great colleagues. The interview process was short and was offered the job within a week. this bank is also customer friendly, making sure that its products are matched to its customers financial needs.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","May 11, 2018","4.0"
2516,"Great place to work","The company is a great place to work. They allow you to grow and advance within the organization and provide continuing education. Salary and benefits are great.","Multiple positions within Branch","Former Employee","Brighton, MI","May 10, 2018","5.0"
2517,"Great Company and Workplace","Hard to move up because of all the outside hires. Although trained and has the abilities to do what they ask, opportunities are limited due to whatever reason. Seems to be a bit of favoritism.","BSSA","Current Employee","Irondale, AL","May 10, 2018","3.0"
2518,"very stressful","An average day at this bank can be very stressful. Very high pace work load but over all the daily & at times hourly changes can be a bit much but it was nothing that I couldn't handle. I am a very happy and cheery person and some seem to be annoyed with that. What I enjoyed about the job was my customers and servicing them to the best of my ability","Consumer Support Spoc Sr","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 10, 2018","5.0"
2519,"Looking for new possibilities.","I am a hard worker, with many years of experience. I manage my team and help when needed with other teams in our department. Learned many different products within the International department, including Export and Import Letters of Credits and documentary collections. Looking for new possibilities.","Officer","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","May 10, 2018","4.0"
2520,"Cool place"," this bank has been a cool place to work. I've been there for almost 23 years. The only issue that I've noticed is lack of diversity in upper management. That and the raises aren't much to be desired.","Bank Corporate Actions Supervisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 10, 2018","4.0"
2521,"Stressful"," this bank is a great job, but it can be extremely stressful. The company is very big on micromanaging, and for some job security is not certain. There are great networking opportunities.","BBC Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 9, 2018","3.0"
2522,"Don't apply for the operations specialist position","The operations specialist/associate position was extremely stressful!! I was being micromanaged everyday. It is a fast paced production environment and it would be more beneficial if the managers didn't hover over you while you're working it's ridiculous. I would've preferred the ability to focus on doing my job. If you enjoy stress, your breaks and bathroom breaks timed to the last second, and micromanagement this job is for you! I feel so much better now that I no longer work there.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 9, 2018","2.0"
2523,"They really take care of you"," this bank takes great care of their employees, one of the few companies that still over pension plans. However, they are also the lowest paying financial institution on the market.","Teller","Former Employee","Mount Vernon, OH","May 9, 2018","5.0"
2524,"A good place to start your banking career"," this bank provides a very extensive training program to help build knowledge and gain an understanding of Bank Regulations. There is limited room for advancement which makes it a good place to start your career.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","May 8, 2018","4.0"
2525,"Stressful"," this bank, when hiring tellers, should let interviewees know that they are basically being hired to sell and telemarket. If you reach your goals you're told to do more. If you don't meet your goals you will be disciplined or they will find reasons to replace you. Teller skills are not at the top of their list of requirement. It's all about the sales. Even if you get a decent immediate manager, the upper management can be brutal.","Teller","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","May 7, 2018","1.0"
2526,"Good company, if you're in Pittsburgh"," this bank is definitely a super regional bank. Despite their numerous acquisitions and forays into the national market, they remain a Midwest Bank in approach. Croneyism exists in large measure, and senior leaders rise directly from that small corridor that exists between Pittsburgh-Cleveland-Philadelphia. Their Southeast US operations never received the full attention and energy needed to succeed and will retain its 1-2% market share perpetually.","Senior Healthcare Business Banker","Current Employee","Tampa, FL","May 7, 2018","4.0"
2527,"Management Structure","The management structure needs some work, or at least that what seems to be the case on my department. Each department seems to work as their own island, governed by the head of the department.","Technical Writer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 6, 2018","4.0"
2528,"Overall a good company to work for","good company to work for, pay was on a bit low side, management is understanding, people work together well, location I worked at was in suburbs, low customer flow,","Any position","Former Employee","Homer Glen, IL","May 6, 2018","4.0"
2529,"The Good and The Bad","Some of the managers are full of ego but the others are great. The salary is NOT nearly enough for the amount of stress and difficult customers you have to deal with, let alone a living wage. Yes, the health insurance, discounts, and the few paid days off are great. If they were to up the hourly wage to at least $16 the jobs would be worth it.","Consumer Support Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 5, 2018","3.0"
2530,"worst place i ever worked","After being an analyst for several years elsewhere, I made the sad mistake of going to this bank. This was now for me several years ago and I am still scarred by the experience.","Performance Reporting Analyst","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","May 5, 2018","1.0"
2531,"Job Shop","Massive work area - a lot of space. Heavy workload. Direct manager was excellent. Fast paced. Disappointing customers when appraisals were not signed off on. Working with customers","Senior Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2018","3.0"
2532,"Great For Someone With A Family","This job offers great benefits and a lot of advancement opportunities. The pay is great , even as a part time employee I had full time hours. The hours are fixed so you always know which hours your working.","Teller","Former Employee","Bedford, OH","May 5, 2018","4.0"
2533,"Some areas are better than others....","There are some great aspects to working for this company -- some locations offer casual attire and some business units are permitted to WFH, with reasonable limitations when you do WFH. You get to work with a wide array of people across locations - which is both challenging and interesting. There is talk about 'challenging the status quo' but should you levy a challenge it is often not well received. There is frequent change of leadership with in the teams - which is disruptive and prevents continuity. They do have a liberal internal job posting practice, but moving with in can be challenging. Despite qualifications for open positions. hiring is based more on who you know than what you know - which is extremely discouraging. I feel there is not a gender pay gap at this company. The pay grades and comp structure is based on the job - not who fulfills it. Which is a plus! The typical work day is filled with conference calls. Some of which are helpful, others that are not a good use of ones time. Health benefits are not great. Plans have a high deductible and out of pocket expenses. They are generous with vacation time, etc. After you meet a required time of service you can even purchase another weeks vacation. Most managers are accommodation with Dr's appts etc. For those considering working here, i would ask questions during the interview process and make sure you are comfortable before you accept any offers. If you want to achieve a certain level, career wise, ask what you need to do etc. Career path'ing is NOT a strong point at this company. They consider - more...","Operations Manager II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 4, 2018","3.0"
2534,"Bad just bad","The company dose not give annual raises unless your perfect they never promote from with in. They don't care about their employees I was verbally abused by my trainer and was told that's just how she is and to deal with it","Personal banker","Former Employee","Mentor, OH","May 3, 2018","1.0"
2535,"overall a good place to work","thought that the grass looked greener but was wrong, should have stayed with the organization. Good pay with opportunity to grow from within. Although management could use a little help they seem to be getting better","Accounts receivable expert","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","May 3, 2018","4.0"
2536,"Great Place","I have enjoyed working for this bank! They are a great company to work for with tons of room to grow. We have a great 401K plan, and benefits. Along with locations all over the US","Investment Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 3, 2018","5.0"
2537,"valuable experience","counting large sums of money, depositing customer money and checks, selling credit management was very knowledgeable and helpful the workplace culture was happy and team like the hardest part of the job was business banking the most enjoyable part was the family like atmosphere","Retail Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","May 2, 2018","5.0"
2538,"Typical large regional bank","Typical large regional bank - a lot of policies and rules to follow, customer service driven, plenty of different opportunities to pursue, benefits are decent, compensation is average, results driven atmosphere","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 2, 2018","4.0"
2539,"Back Up Daycare for Employees","The one thing I loved about this bank was there was a back up daycare at my location. I was able to bring my child/children to the day care in an emergency, such as current school being closed. Camps in the summer was very convenient as well.","Learning Coordinator and Program Session Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 2, 2018","2.0"
2540,"Typical Bank","There is a lot of brown nosing in this company. its not what you know but who you know when it comes to advancement but other than that its a decent company to work for. this bank stands behind its brand and is about giving great customer service. if you're good with people this may be the job for you","Branch Service Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore County, MD","May 1, 2018","4.0"
2541,"Do not fall for their promises","Micromanagement at its best. All about sales and numbers at the end of the day, despite what they tell you. If you are a seasoned banker, stay away from them. this bank wants inexperienced people so they can mold them into what they think a banker should be. They do not value experience. Pay is woefully short compared to their competitors. They think their process is the end all to be all. If there is a problem, they believe the people are the problem and not their process. Very arrogant bank.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","May 1, 2018","1.0"
2542,"nice people","Nice people but very sales orientated lot of pressure to sale felt like I was attacking people everyday with the same questions and offers even if they say no it is expected to ask over and over again.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lusby, MD 20657","May 1, 2018","3.0"
2543,"This location.. All fun and games","This location was all fun and games, did not take there work seriously which made my position hard as I was looking for a career and not a job. I thought this bank was a successful company and hired people that wanted to be successful as well.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Maplewood, MO","April 30, 2018","1.0"
2544,"Check your personality at the door.","If you are part of the clique - you are golden. Don't come in here trying to be an individual. this bank is all about metrics but does little to nothing with anything it encounters that does not go along with the current storyline.","Loan Administrator","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 30, 2018","1.0"
2545,"Good local company","Good benefits. I did not work with this company long enough to give any thought to a review. It helped prepare me for what I needed. It's nice that it's a local company and you have opportunities to move to all different departments.","Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2018","5.0"
2546,"Laid back place to work","Customer service focus, typical day on auto dialer taking outbound and incoming calls fast pace enviorment. Good culture base, enjoyable part of the job was to satisfy the customer, to reach your goals in regards to montior requirments within the calls. What I learned was how to handle irate callers as well as being a teamplayer, how to stay customer focus and friendly at the same time.","Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2018","3.0"
2547,"xcelant place to work","I am very luck working with this bank Bless by God such a nice team my manager my coworker every body even my customers my Regional My mentors my faciliters every one. Good place to work.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","581 steltonrd Piscataway NJ 08854","April 29, 2018","5.0"
2548,"helped me learn how to problem solve with fast pace work environment.","remain confident in a fast intense work environment. if there was any simple questions you would have to self problem solve. very diverse workplace. i enjoyed employee appreciation week.","customer service rep","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2018","3.0"
2549,"Flexible work environment, but there are trade-offs","There are pluses and minuses to working at this bank. Positives - flex schedule and work from home, Negative - heavy outsourcing with sub-par quality workers, heavy process, and slow to implement. If you work here, expect heavy process and strict procedures, many constraints to performing your job, mass approvals needed for just about everything, and an 'over-the-top' amount of required documentation. The approval process is so heavy that it loses the intent, i.e., approvers select 'approved' without reviewing. The company tries to cut costs by outsourcing to OffShore and OnShore (non-US citizen) resources, but quality suffers. Cultural differences are apparent in quality of work, work ethic, and efficiency. Projects take an unreasonable amount of time to complete, and end up being costly. I wish upper management would understand that they are losing quality employees to less qualified, and less dedicated employees. The non-US contracted resources are initially less expensive, but end up costing the company and shareholders much more. On the up-side, the company tries to institute a work-life balance during the holidays, and avoids scheduling production deployments during these times. The work from home option is wonderful. It saves on commute time, and provides a quieter environment to work.","Technology Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2018","4.0"
