5600,"Not a good long term career"," this bank does not care enough for their employees. you are only numbers to them.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Saegertown, PA","September 23, 2014","1.0"
5601,"Productive work place","Everyday is good day, a very busy environment, keying in different things, and learning new systems.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 22, 2014","4.0"
5602,"okay work environment","Is an okay work environment, always depends on branch and management team","Product sales","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","September 22, 2014","3.0"
5603,"Bank job","Begin my day with morning duties regarding setting up my station with the cashbox, logging into the system and preparing my station for the work day. I perform the night deposit duty as well as making a check up on the amount that is in the ATM I service. I then begin to inspect the rest of the branch in order to make sure we are ready for to open and proceed with the day. Once the branch was open i proceeded to either help the tellers process transactions at my own station or proceed with lobby engagement in helping the customers with either helping them write out deposit slips, withdrawal slips or attend any questions or concerns they may have had. I also would cross-sell products that would help improve their financial well being so that they understood everything that the bank had to offer to them so they could fully utilize all the products at their disposal. I was able to learn how to cross sell products while also servicing the customers at the best possible ability while also learning how to engage with them to open up information to helping them better bank with us. The majority of the team was brand new so management was a little lackluster but we have a great manager in our branch who is very helpful and involved in our growth. For the most part the co workers are good to work with though a much more family environment could help run the place smoother. However the most enjoyable part of the day is when we are able to relax and have fun within the bank on slow or fast days as we like to please the customers where they aren't just coming into a bank and being quickly - more...","Platform","Current Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 22, 2014","3.0"
5604,"Good benefits","Hard to advance, no structure, have to get in the door then bounce from job to job to get a head monetarily.","Consumer Credit Officer III","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2014","3.0"
5605,"Enjoyable coworkers. Very busy branch office","Standing on your feet helping multiple customers. Management was fair and understanding. The pay was very low for the expectations of the job","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Floyds Knobs, IN","September 20, 2014","4.0"
5606,"nice to work","nice place to work very professional nice area would work here again if pay was better","Teller 2","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 19, 2014","5.0"
5607,"good work life balance","they are a good company. They could pay better. Good people to work with","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","North Brunswick, NJ","September 18, 2014","3.0"
5608,"Conservative Bank","This is a conservative bank and is the sales goals are too aggressive for the lending environment that they create. This causes a demotivated sales force.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Greenbelt, MD","September 18, 2014","2.0"
5609,"Experienced and learned all the positons in the department","Customer service is busy position with client activity. Listening to problems with accounts or finding the best solution for banking needs. My co workers are friendly and work well as a team The most enjoyable aspect of my position is to assisting customers with making their banking needs easy and have confidence with us. I think the hardest area of my position is not to be able to get lending approval.","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Charleston, SC","September 18, 2014","3.0"
5610,"Great company","My overall experience with the company was the best. Everyday was a joy working there. Always learning something new everyday. Being able to work along side of several coworkers who all depended on one another and believed in one another.","Teller I","Former Employee","Lewes, De","September 18, 2014","5.0"
5611,"Great place to start and grow your career"," this bank does a lot of new grad hiring and then provides a great atmosphere to cultivate that talent over the years. There are many business units where one can find an interesting career.","Special IT Projects Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2014","5.0"
5612,"Great Environment for learning about banking and customer service","The day starts by opening up the branch and clearing the premises for other employees enter. After we set up for the day I conduct our morning huddle to discuss goals and commitments for the day. I plan the daily branch activities to attract new customers and to create awareness where our this bank Branch is located. Throughout the day I help train the many new hires we have to navigate through the genesis banking system and customer maintenance service browser while opening up new accounts or servicing existing ones. At the end of the day I arm the security system and close the branch. this bank has an very well planned thorough training program. Customer service was the main focus of all the training (5 star language).","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Oakton, VA","September 17, 2014","5.0"
5613,"Upper management concerns each employee","I start work early morning and end in late afternoon. Help is needed at all times and our management team is productive on helping each and everyone of us.","Accounts Receivable Clerk","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","September 17, 2014","5.0"
5614,"An enjoyable work place with great team work","A typical day would begin with a department meeting to discuss the day's work for each member of the team. Management would share any expectations or changes that they had for the day. Checking the previous day's work to see what needed to be completed for the current day: by making phone calls, checking fax and printer to see what new paperwork came in and begin processing the work. The hardest part of the job was getting client's to give an answer for an stock offer on a timely basis. The most enjoyable part of the job was company reward program for good work. Also, planning different competitions and parties with the other departments.","Corporate Actions Solicitations Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 17, 2014","4.0"
5615,"typical day","inbound calls from customers about personal accounts and online banking questions","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","pittsburgh,pa","September 16, 2014","2.0"
5616,"I wonderful place to work.","Thank you, I don't have anything else to say. I am grateful for the opportunity with this bank. I am grateful for the my co-workers. I am grateful for learning new processes.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 16, 2014","5.0"
5617,"Ahhhhh.... this bank","I worked at this bank for almost a year and at 1st it was OK then the true colors came out. I would work 40 plus hrs with no weekends and if i were to ask for a weekend off i was treated with an attitude and then talked about behind my back. Their was always a shortage on staff always breach in the way that the cash was handled in the vault and the cash boxes. It was awful every day that i went to work and the very last day i worked their i worked 10 hr day with no lunch then they pulled me off the line and walked me to the door!!!! I would never advise any one to work their.","Full time teller","Current Employee","Springfield, OH","September 16, 2014","1.0"
5618,"Productive","Logged on to work /underwrote FHA & conventional files. Learned: De received at this bank. Management: delegated managerial duties to me. Co-workers: very supportiv Very Long Hours. Challenging Work Level, and additional assigned duties","De Approved Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","September 16, 2014","4.0"
5619,"typical day for me was busy and constantly learning. Learning a lot about how funds circulate in the Government. Management was very challenging. Co-","A typical day for me was busy and constantly learning. Learning a lot about how funds circulate in the Government. Management was very challenging. Co-workers greet team players, The hardest part of the job was not be able to satisfy customers. The most enjoyable part of the job was being recognize for great job performances.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 16, 2014","3.0"
5620,"Secure positions with chance for advancement.","Typical day is busy, always training. Most enjoyable part of job is helping customers with their need for financial solutions.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","PA","September 15, 2014","4.0"
5621,"Good","It is a nice place to work. The hours are nice and the pay isn't bad. Be ready to meet a wide range of people.","Teller","Former Employee","Bellefontaine, OH","September 15, 2014","4.0"
5622,"Retail World at this bank","I had fun when I worked for this bank. I held multiple positions withing the retail world at this bank and I became to be what I am due to those experiences with this bank. Management overall does a good job leading you and being supportive and creative in how to help you manage your goals. The hardest part of my job was to stay at the branch passed 6:30 PM on mondays for cold calling. It wasn't that bad, but clients get annoyed when you call during that time.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","September 15, 2014","4.0"
5623,"Small Divsion - Office in Boston","I worked at this bank Wealth Management for 2 years. I enjoyed my Trust Administrator function as well as my EA function. The divsion that employed me was a small boutique with only 8 employees. There was allot of uncertainty within the location. In the years prior to my employment the divsion had cut almost all of its employees. The uncertaity led me to seek outside opportunity.","Executive Assistant to Regional Managing Director","Former Employee","Boston, MA","September 15, 2014","5.0"
5624,"Great place to work","Good working environment with good values. Management was flexible with scheduling and co-workers made it feel like home.","ATM Teller and Teller I","Former Employee","Warren, MI","September 14, 2014","4.0"
5625,"Fast paced work environment with loyal customers","Assisting customers with deposits, payments, withdrawals, savings bonds, account information, address changes, ordering checks, answering account questions, also assisting customers with their needs and helping to point them in the right direction to the person that they need to speak with whether that means they need a banker or they would need a financial adviser or even the mortgage department.","Bank Teller II","Current Employee","Champaign, IL","September 14, 2014","4.0"
5626,"good place to learn new things","engaging in conversation with clients, being able to help people balance out there transactions","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2014","5.0"
5627,"good place to work","Good Environment. Very large environment. Good Management. Very laid back environment.","Virtualization Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 13, 2014","5.0"
5628,"Okay place to work","Normally your days are predictable. Sometimes management pushes for optional surveys to be mandatory.","Officer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, Florida","September 12, 2014","3.0"
5629,"Spare Yourself","I became an employee through a merger. I was with this bank for nearly two years. I have since left to pursue a more professional sales career. While employed at this bank, I was constantly moved around to cover vacancies, thus making it more difficult for me to hit my daily and quarterly goals. This was never accounted for. The pay, in comparison with other financial institutes, is pretty pathetic. With a four year degree and prior sales experience, I was paid right at $30k. (And the benefits were not good, so we used the better benefits from my husband's job.) I went through three managers during this time with about 6 months of no manager. The last manager I ended up with was so HORRIBLE that my husband was going to resign for me had I not found a MUCH better career. this bank expects its bankers to work like a horse to sell products to people who don't even need them, all while claiming to want the best for their customers. If you have a degree, you can do better than this - I am confident in that without even knowing you!","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Opelika, AL","September 11, 2014","2.0"
5630,"productive and the employees are nice","closing and billing loans. how to deal with people in foreclosure. and the foreclosure process","foreclosure","Current Employee","miamisburg oh","September 10, 2014","5.0"
5631,"Very Customer Driven and one of the leaders in the industry"," this bank was a very fast paced and energetic company. A typical work day included inbound calls from insurance agents and customers inquiring about loan status. We would then have a team meeting to review work stats from the day before and set daily goals for ourselves. We would also update the team with any changes within the company/systems. From there we would work directly with underwriters to process loan applications and assure that all the required documents were received. The many tasks that were involved in the loan process included over 52 daily activities for my team.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 10, 2014","4.0"
5632,"fast paced environment","employees and management in the department that I worked were very nice and friendly. I was able to learn several differentt jobs and was promoted within. My supervisor encouraged me to advance.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2014","4.0"
5633,"Great Place with Great People","On a typical day at this bank we open the drive thru at 8am after doing Morning procedures. Then on certain days we are busy than others but on non busy days we do side work like fill deposit and withdrawl tickets and go over product Our branch manager is a great guy and can talk to him about pretty much anything. He and my co workers are the best part of the job and certain regulars that come in as well.","Teller","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","September 9, 2014","4.0"
5634,"Initial contract was for 6 months but wound up being 18 months","Co-workers were very helpful with all the program documentation required","Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2014","5.0"
5635,"Great Job in Certain markets","While this job was fantastic for learning and growing it is highly based on location of your branch. If you are at a slower location they create chaos by having you go out and find accounts, but they also short staff those branches so rescheduling events takes place pretty frequently.","Customer Sales Associate","Current Employee","Chicago IL","September 8, 2014","4.0"
5636,"Fun coworkers make all the difference","Bank Teller is a job that is very different than any job I've ever had before. You must maintain a positive attitude, well spoke and knowing your product.","Active Supervisor","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","September 7, 2014","3.0"
5637,"Teller","Every day responsibilities includes taking care of customer interactions and maintaining a presence for the company as a whole, tellers are the usually the first employees customers see and therefore are given the most face time with customers. We talk about accounts to non customers and about opportunities to existing customer to see if we can get more benefits. Overall satisfaction is positive, management for the most part is nice, co-workers care about each other as more then just co workers, the job itself is not very difficult, and you get to meet people all the time. If you are just out of college and need a relatively steady job while you are looking for a career opportunity, or you wish to make banking your career this is a good place to start.","Teller","Current Employee","Whitehouse Station, NJ","September 7, 2014","4.0"
5638,"A good place to work","Job was not hard just management was not fair. A typical day was fast paced. Co workers were pretty easy to work with and finding easier ways to do things was really enjoyable, it gave me a chance to get more knowledgeable.","Team Leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2014","3.0"
5639,"sad","There is no point in trying to achieve greatest here as it is as political as Washington D.C Either you are the chosen one or a grunt.","wealth","Current Employee","indianapolis, in","September 5, 2014","1.0"
5640,"Wealth Management and Private Banking factions","If you enjoy figjting internally over a deal, having to cut yourself out of getting full credit for bringing in a piece of business in to make everyone's score card nice and pretty, tolerate obvious favortism of management for certain co-workers and have human reaources ignore interviewing employees who support your case, this the place for you. If you exceed your goals on paper, local management will make excuses that YOU cannot clearly have a full bonsus as those who did not make their goals deserve 'something'. People have been forced out the door for perceptions of management but who did great jobs. Fighting back makes you the problem. Do not respond to 'how can we help you be more productive' as a sincere response comes back to haunt you. The last manager brought no business in but ruled like a slave driver in ruling by fear.The current one brings business in but only lets certain people in on the deal. If you need to shine do not come here unless you want to shine shoes. When you are measured by metrics and management abandons you, you are done.","wealth","Current Employee","indianapolis, in","September 5, 2014","1.0"
5641,"one of the good work place environment"," this bank is one of the very good workplace. The management and team is very cooperative and helpful.","Financial Consultant III","Current Employee","Chantilly, VA","September 5, 2014","4.0"
5642,"processed transactions for clients","processed transactions, money counting. opening closing procedures. Notary, and balancing","TELLER","Former Employee","Florence, KY","September 5, 2014","5.0"
5643,"Productive good enviroment to work","Clerical work, I have learned attorney docs how to foreclose on some ones home, loan processor, co-workers were wonderful people. The hardest part of my job was being laid off, I enjoyed the most was the great group of people that I shared my eight hours a day with.","Attorney Doc Retention","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","September 4, 2014","3.0"
5644,"Decent Place to work","The work life balance is pretty good, but pay is well below average.","Multi Family Real Estate Underwriter I","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","September 4, 2014","4.0"
5645,"Horrible branch to work for","The people at this branch are awful to work for, very few believe in teamwork. As a former employee I am glad I left.","Teller","Former Employee","Saegertown, PA","September 4, 2014","1.0"
5646,"Terrible Management"," this bank is a great company but the Lexington region is broken. It is basically a dictatorship that runs counter to what the company wants. It will get fixed eventually but not until regional management is replaced.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","September 3, 2014","3.0"
5647,"Fun workplace environment, good team","Very laid back environment yet dedicated to be the best we can be. Teamwork is a big and successful part of this job. Rewarding job when clients begin to trust you and understand that you want to advise them onto the right path.","Teller","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 3, 2014","4.0"
5648,"Worst placed to work","This company was the worst that I worked for, the company has bad management","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","September 3, 2014","1.0"
5649,"Working inside of Giant was a different experience."," this bank was when I was able to branch off and begin the journey of a personal banker. Which gave me independence and I learned a lot of time management. Basically working as your own manager was the highlight was my career. Working in Giant didn't give you the same banking environment as a traditional bank. I helped most of my co workers since I was very knowable and I enjoyed them all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","September 3, 2014","4.0"
