"Good Work Life Balance. Terrible Pay","Good place for work life balance, but pay is terrible. Even if you move up to another job level if you are in the salary range you will just be doing more work for no more money. A place to stay if you don't need a big raise or care about career advancement. ","Senior Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 7, 2021","2.0"
"Ehhhhh"," this bank is geared to micromanaging their employees. If goals are not met, you are put on what they call 'PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT.' Think twice before applying. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","June 7, 2021","1.0"
"Nice employees but very stressful job with no training to learn the job. ","Pay is not worth the stressNo training to learn the jobNo help to learn. Nice employees High expectations to meet incentiveLots of online virtual classes which is only training they give you they does not actually teach you how to do your job. ","Personal Banker and Teller","Current Employee","Lockport, IL","June 5, 2021","2.0"
"Branch Banker - Pressure Overload/Miserable"," this bank loves to underpay & overwork you. Long hours (if you have family or doctor appointments, or other commitments - they are not privy to accommodating very much & if they do it's always an issue) - they preach work life balance but will be micro aggressive with you when you use your time. Workplace culture is toxic, managers are so stressed out & dump so much pressure onto employees & bankers & it makes for an overall miserable experience. Pay is horrid, only good if you're a single individual - not good for a living wage especially considering cost of living in NJ.Most enjoyable part of the job was going home.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","June 4, 2021","2.0"
"Fun place to work but also depends on branch ","Being a Universal Banker was a juggle for sure, I had positive influences around me but I feel like I fell in the cracks for sure. Every day was different and stressful in its own unique way.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Universal Banker","Bloomington, IL","June 3, 2021","4.0"
"Mortgage Loan Officer","I worked for this bank for nearly 10 years. My time at this bank was miserable. Expectations changed regularly and goals were unattainable. The only thing this bank executives truly care about is their image. Employees are treated like cattle and policies are abusive.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 2, 2021","1.0"
"Stressful ","Very stressful and demanding place to work. It does not matter how long you have been with the company. They have no loyalty to their employees. Always under-staffed. ","Teller","Former Employee","Hackettstown, NJ","June 2, 2021","1.0"
"Usual Large Corporate IT Environment","Not about to bash this bank, as they pay me decently well and I work from home in rather stress-free position. But it's not overly fulfilling work and often times I don't feel like we have a clear vision of what we're doing. Seems like every few weeks/months we're jumping on the latest and greatest technology or idea. Also, it takes an act of God to get anything done. So much red tape it's ridiculous. And, as a developer, I find it very hard to get my job done when the security measures on my laptop block me from accessing websites and running software I need to perform every day job task. Plus, this bank's commitment to left-wing politics and taking every opportunity to shove it in my face is not super appealing to me. ","Technology Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","June 1, 2021","3.0"
"Employees ","The group of employees I worked with were excellent. Everyone worked as a team to reach our goals. Management was great in the branch I worked at. Always pushed us to better ourselves. When there was an issue we always worked together to work thru it or make everyone comfortable. If employees were struggling they took the time to help you strive and found what you were strong at. ","Universal Branch Specialist","Former Employee","Bloomington, IL","May 31, 2021","4.0"
"Worst job ever","I was a Business Banking Specialist, and worked here 4 years. This was hands down the most stressful miserable job I've ever worked. The customers were never the issue. It was the people you work with, they have no sense of employee appreciation, and the managers show favoritism to some, and bully the others. ","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 29, 2021","1.0"
"Don't do it..","PROS: PTO, sick days, personal day, health benefits, 401k match.CONS: Everything else. Terrible hours (in store location), under-staffed, no OT, overworked, unrealistic goals, clueless staff 95% of the time. EXTREMELY HIGH TURNOVER.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Clifton, NJ","May 28, 2021","1.0"
"Was a very good company to work for. Excellent benefit package. ","I enjoyed each day coming to work. I learned many things over the years. The hardest part of the job was the constant customer facing duties with no help from the last manager. She chose to close her door and only do clerical work and did not help manage the customer flow or take any customer appointments. The previous manager, he was a team player and helped all his employees manage customer flow open accounts whatever he needed to do. The newer manager has now lost almost all the previous employees due to her mismanagement and causing issues due to confidentiality with each employee. She chooses to speak about one employee to another and keeps drama going instead of being a team manager she tears the team apart. ","Branch Sales and Service","Former Employee","Portsmouth OH","May 28, 2021","4.0"
"Not bad","Stressful and always under pressure to hit numbers even when we are under-staffed. If you don't mind that, then its not such a bad place to work. Raises and room for advancement after a year. ","Teller","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","May 27, 2021","3.0"
"Worst place to work for…","Unless you love selling credit cards and get pennies in exchange, don't apply to this company. You can do better with your life. You will be pressured to sell, overworked and underpaid. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","May 27, 2021","1.0"
"Great Corporate Job","Great company culture, management support is outstanding, great training program (paid), offer PT/FT options, opportunities to move up quickly within the company. ","Customer Care Representative","Current Employee","Remote","May 25, 2021","4.0"
"Green place to work for","great company to work for and to be a part of. good culture, learn a lot and not of hard work. all of your work will be seen at the end and you can see that it was useful.","Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 24, 2021","5.0"
"Great job","This job comes with great training, great benefits, flexibility in scheduling, amazing paid vacation, health benefits, 401k matching, overall this job is wonderful! I think I got pretty lucky with my manager, cant speak for all of them, but she has been great! ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 24, 2021","4.0"
"It's a job","I've been working at this bank for a year and a half and I will say they have very good benefits but they're a few things that need work. They claim you can advance after 6 months but that's not true because even if you're doing well with metric goals and you apply for another position and you accept it then a day later you get an email that they went with someone else. This has happened more than one occasion even with coworkers. The systems are so slow. Also the pay is very low for the verbal and emotional abuse you experience from customers daily. I have a good manager that doesn't micromanage but a lot of managers do and stress goals ","Online Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","May 21, 2021","3.0"
"Excellent company to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. Lots of opportunities for growth, strong focus on career development. The management team is great and gives you opportunity to grow and develop within the company ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 18, 2021","5.0"
"Just an 'eh' place to work.","Decent benefits for a financial institution but that's really the only good. Management is so out of touch with reality and is very old school, job does not offer good work/life balance and still has the mentality of 'if you're not in an office then you're not doing work'. ","Change Management Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 18, 2021","3.0"
"Okay place to work ","If you aren't not meeting all of your goals be prepared to be talked to on the regular about it.They say they care about you but in reality what they really care about most is your numbers.If you don't have any a stressful job this is not the job for you. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 18, 2021","3.0"
"You can never do enough. ","Notice a trend in all the reviews. You can't ever do enough. You are micromanaged at ever level. OT is required and the norm. If you take a day off you must make up the overtime unless you take off 5 consecutive days. Upper management is completely disconnected. It's basically a white collar factory job and they literally call it production for a reason. Lots of turnover and for good reasons!!","AML Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 16, 2021","2.0"
"Typical job in Banking","I learned a lot about banking. They provided classes and many other educational tools to learn how to better do my job. This was a good job that showed both the sales and service sides to banking. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Georgia","May 16, 2021","3.0"
"Overworked and underpaid !! ","Stay away !!! No work life balance AT ALL ! Upper management cares about sales and numbers and absolutely nothing else ! Micromanagement at its worse and for very low pay. ","Banker","Former Employee","Ashburn, VA","May 14, 2021","1.0"
"Don't work here.","I know of over ten people in my small little branch and the surrounding branches who left this bank to go work for KeyBank for good reason. Advancement is almost impossible. Management is TERRIBLE because the nepotism is blatant. The anti-robbery practices of 'lobby engagement' are useless and customers DO NOT like someone coming at them with an iPad when all they want to do is see a teller or banker. Most of my time at my branch, we had either no manager, no teller lead, or a bad manager and a bad teller lead. We were always under-staffed. Lunch breaks weren't guaranteed, but you also get in trouble for eating behind the counter. Who cares about your health, right? Anyone with any sort of management position is a snob and thinks they can talk down to you because they're slightly less underpaid to deal with all of this than you are. Seriously don't work here. They're gonna phase out tellers anyway.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Twinsburg, OH","May 14, 2021","3.0"
"Great coworkers, not so great upper management ","The culture is great at this bank. The pay not so much. Started off entry level, so low pay was expected. But as time went on and I exceeded my sales goals, the raises didn't come. Then trying to move up to become an MLO or any other position was met with resistance. No support. They want to keep you in same role.","Banker","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","May 14, 2021","4.0"
"We work as a team and this bank works with their employees to rpo.ote work/life balance.","I love working at this bank. THEY HAVE BEEN VERY Accommodating to me. I am a part time employee who had some heal the issues and HR worked with me to make sure I had the time I needed.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 12, 2021","5.0"
"Okay company but bad job","I worked as a customer representative but when I applied I didn't know it was for cold calling, it didn't have that in the description. The job was collecting debt for this bank loans and it's a pretty decent job if you have thick skin. The customers are rude most of the time and treat you like you're not a person. Most managers are understanding of the situation, but collecting debt was just not something I could get into. wasn't getting paid enough to be treated like trash on a daily basis. ","Customer Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 12, 2021","4.0"
"Good and bad","See the ratings. Not really much to say that hasn't been already said. I think there's a lot of good and bad and you have to decide on what you want is best for you. ","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","May 10, 2021","3.0"
"Just an okay/good Retail Job","You must really like sales to enjoy this job, hard to move up in company unless you want to move to Pennsylvania or just want to become an assistant branch manager or branch manager.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","May 9, 2021","3.0"
"Overworked and under-staffed, but benefits for part timers are pretty nice","I work with a good strong team, we get along like family in the branch and my supervisor and manager are both so understanding and supportive and they're honestly a big part of the reason I'm still there. this bank offers no help when we're short staffed due to vacations or illnesses, however, they're very quick to pull from the branch when it benefits someone else. We're considered full staff, but struggle completing required daily/ weekly/ monthly tasks because we're too busy. We're expected to get good surveys, but its hard when customers have to wait in line for long periods of time due to lack of staff and also because this bank expects us to push sales and not rush to get the lines down. Loyalty to the company means nothing, doesn't matter how long you've been with the company, the new people coming in end up making the same as you or more","Teller","Current Employee","Ohio","May 9, 2021","3.0"
"Good benefits package, supportive management at branch","As a teller, you are expected to be able to process many complicated transactions while adhering to policies and procedures to minimize risk. That's the easy part. What's hard is the pace. The work is essentially non-stop, and you are constantly being pushed to make referrals to bankers and other internal partners to make sales.","Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","May 8, 2021","4.0"
"Teller","I love this bank but the place I was working for made feel less of a person they tried to change the way I dressed the way my hair look they tried to buy me clothes I felt so ashamed of my self Into the point I felt like I was not enough and not liked in that place","Teller","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","May 8, 2021","1.0"
"Friendly staff","under-staffed in the smaller branches puts a strain on tellers, and also results in low customers surveys due to long wait times, which doesn't make management happy ","Teller","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","May 6, 2021","3.0"
"Terrible leadership and it comes from the top down.","You absolutely will not get your loans closed. (On the secondary platform). The only loans you are able to get done are through retail. (HELOCs etc) Commission is terrible and you get penalized for everything. Processing and closing departments are the worst.","Supervising Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 5, 2021","2.0"
"Work hard and be rewarded with team ventures for fun like bowling","My day was always busy and steady. I would take my breaks and lunch but stay on site most of the time. Once in a while as team we would go out for lunch as staff. ","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","GATE PARKWAY JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA 32256","May 3, 2021","5.0"
"Great resume starter. ","Great for young people wanting to put their foot in the financial industry's door. Work-home life balance is excellent, and many paid days off if you're full time.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Prince Frederick, MD","May 1, 2021","4.0"
"Great benefits but very stressful","Expect to work 6 days a week. Lunch breaks get cut short due to staffing issues. No work-life balance. Being micro-managed all the time. You'll have your manager on your ear pushing you to sell a credit card while talking to a customer over the phone ","Banker","Former Employee","Hoffman Estates, IL","April 29, 2021","2.0"
" this bank is a good company to work for","I worked in the First Side center mail room. I enjoyed delivering the mail most day. Compensation was decent for what the job was. The advancement within the company could be better but it makes sense as it is. ","Mail Associate","Former Employee","500 First Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA","April 29, 2021","5.0"
"Good company to work","good benefits, and people.If you are asking about compensation/salary, I think they pay depending on your ability. (at least for sales position). very flexible, and MY manager is awesome, but idk about others.I think it is a great company for women.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","April 28, 2021","4.0"
"Pay is decent but never get raises!","I have been a Teller for 4 Year and was making pennies more than a new hire coming in. Had to threaten to leave to another establishment to get a $0.50 raise. And getting help is like pulling teeth. ","Teller","Current Employee","Ohio","April 28, 2021","3.0"
"Good Pay - High Sales Pressure"," this bank pays well, especially for someone with only a high school degree. My career lasted for 8 years, started as a part time teller and ended as a Service and Sales Rep, towards the end of my time, cold calling 100 min. people a week was the rule in order to make sales appointments. High Stress in sales as I'm sure it is at any bank, service was the best part of the job, you really are able to help people reach goals and that feels good. Lots of room for advancement, many co workers moved on to higher titles, 2 weeks paid vacation, 6 paid sick days, and paid holidays. Branch management was great but it really just depends on the type of person you have as manager. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Harrison, MI","April 27, 2021","4.0"
"Great Culture and Benefits","Have worked many positions and had great mentors along the way. this bank is a well run organization and aren't afraid to try something new. Expanding nationally and well positioned. Work environment has been enjoyable and teams work well together.","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 26, 2021","5.0"
"All depends on the branch","My branch was okay. My coworkers were amazing and my manager genuinely cared. It's all upper management. Corporate doesn't care about you. Pay could be a lot better considering how much you have to put up with. Customers can be very very rude. Expected to meet a call per day and sales quota when they under-staff every branch. Great job if you're okay with small yearly pay increases and small quarterly bonuses if you can sell. Benefit package is actually impressive with a company match 401K, pension, and investment account. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Fishers, IN","April 25, 2021","4.0"
"Modern day slave labor ","The pay is terrible and with that they expect you to kill you're self daily to keep up with the numbers also there is mandatory overtime on weeks when there is a holiday but you where already off a day that week so you are forced to stay and make your hourly rate. ","Detection And Investigation Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 25, 2021","1.0"
"Straight forward job duties","Unreasonable checking account and loan goals. Every year diminishing compensation for all compensation (checking savings loans investments merchant services and advisor referrals both consumer and business). They took a lot away from financial sales people. Took away ability for the position to deal with affluent customers even if the customer still wanted to deal with us they were not allowed to bc they had a single person they wanted to handle them. High turnover rates high stress because of unreasonable goals.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Closter, NJ","April 24, 2021","2.0"
"AML Operations is a no","AML roles at this bank have such potential, but consistently grinding employees into the ground with overtime (no extra pay given) and unrealistic goals has made the work environment unbearable. ","QA Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 24, 2021","3.0"
"High stress","Banking is a very stressful job. Cold calls are the worst. You are required to do a lot. They are increasing banker numbers so bonuses will be even harder to earn. I'm sure that's on purpose.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","April 24, 2021","4.0"
"bad management, inconsistency, ","this department basically went down hill after new management and got worse when COVID happened. favoritism at its finest! inconsistency & DRAMA. supervisors and upper management only cared about them selves!! job would be excellent for entry level into the work industry or someone who have a few years left to retire. no advancement & don't go into the job thinking them people is your friend!","Lockbox Processor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 23, 2021","3.0"
"Ok if you don't mind back to back calls","On the phone all day. Sometimes management was t the greatest. They often refused escalation calls and we were forced to deal with upset people. Pay was decent. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Middleburg, FL","April 22, 2021","4.0"
"Underpaid and overworked","You will not be compensated equally, you will be overworked, and stressed over sales push! It is not a service industry but a total sales environment. You have to make cold calls to people and you will feel like you work in a call center. Staffing is a big issue regularly and that should tell you a lot. Benefits are at an average level. I could not take it any longer and had to quit due to covid. ","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Maryland","April 22, 2021","1.0"
"Management is not organized or helpful","My branch manager is an AMAZING manager. Regional manager is TERRIBLE. Management never wants to hire anyone. They push you off until the last minute. They will say anything to shut you up. They give you 2-3 weeks paid vacation that you can never use because they won't find anyone to cover you to leave. They preach that you should help the customer, but are only concerned about number. The pay and your coworkers are the only thing that make you stay. Its just not worth it anymore. ","Teller","Current Employee","North Carolina","April 22, 2021","1.0"
"Ok place ","Pay is good. But the way they micromanage your every move is disappointing . Certain sense of being better then others by a few in upper management. Training isn't enough.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","April 22, 2021","3.0"
"This company genuinely appreciate there employees ","I was let go from my previous job due to COVID. BUT where doors CLOSE others open. This is THE BEST JOB I HAVE EVER HAD. I LOVE this bank I would recommend this job to everyone. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","New Braunfels, TX","April 22, 2021","5.0"
"Good ","It's very comfortable and they work with you. Benefits are good. Started as a part timer but was offered full-time within the first three days. Good point","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Kearny, NJ","April 21, 2021","4.0"
"Overall, great company","Great company, always room to grow your career. Management has always treated me with respect. this bank has great health benefits and additional perks and benefits with other companies. ","Credit Card Fraud Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2021","5.0"
"Not great ","The training for this job wasn't good at all. Almost two years later and I don't know everything. They are starting to nit pick about everything these days. Pay is too low for what we have to deal with daily.","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2021","2.0"
"Poor Work Life Balance","Poor training and work life balance. Direct management is great, but Sr. Management expects the impossible. Systems are out of date and many glitches, bugs.","Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 19, 2021","3.0"
"Good Work Life Balance"," this bank is a decent place to work. There are many people who have been there for years and it can occasionally be difficult to drive change. The effectiveness of management and your personal career development are dependent on your department. ","Compliance Program Specialist Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 16, 2021","4.0"
"Okay company ","It's a lot of different things that's could be better within the company. It's like any other job you gone have the good and the bad. The thing is just learn while your here and better your everyday work skills. Be true to yourself and customers so that you can be the best you. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Clinton, MD","April 15, 2021","2.0"
"Good work life balance ","Good company to work for good work life balance. Management listens to your opinions. Great benefits just would like more opportunity to more up within my career passion.","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Remote","April 12, 2021","3.0"
"Great pay but unethical company","I personally would not recommend working in the Birmingham area. The management is awful, the training is ever lasting and who would extend hours during a pandemic? They will reel you and spit you back out as fast as you came in. I did not feel welcomed at all upon employment with this company. I would generally go to work depressed and leave depressed. Please do not expect to make friends, everyone is for themselves. ","Part time teller","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","April 11, 2021","1.0"
"Fun place to work ","Loved my team and Customs. It was easy to work as I had a great team and I loved my customer's. Plus it was close to my home. Which made it good for me","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Palm Coast, FL","April 9, 2021","5.0"
"Great for those starting a career","As a branch operations specialist at a universal branch it was a pain. My manager often did not want to assist with anything so I was mainly running the branch. I was working long days and often received overtime. The compensation wasn't worth it","Branch Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","April 8, 2021","3.0"
"Good People","Huge Company that sometimes has a small company feel due to the great people. Great place to grow a career at the lower levels. The bureaucracy and never-ending meetings to get things done can sometimes be frustrating. ","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2021","4.0"
"Alright","Work life balance sucks pay is alright but should get paid more. The managers are alright. The company needs to give everyone a shot at moving into a position they want.","Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 6, 2021","3.0"
"Low Motivation","Depends highly on the location you are in but if in a low traffic branch the days will drag on and much of the enjoyment of the job is from relationships with coworkers","Teller","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","April 5, 2021","4.0"
"Great hours, great pay. ","I am more of an on my own employee. I hit every goal, every time, but was very overlooked. I felt mistreated but kept it to myself. All in all, have thick skin and it's a great job.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","April 5, 2021","3.0"
"Smoke & Mirrors ","My experience may be a bit different because I started during a pandemic and was treated fairly but the circumstances set me up for failure in the long run. I didn't have the best management but my team was amazing. Once the branch fell below their little red line, you really started to see you were a number, a worker bee (nicely putting it). Management would become intentionally intimidating and even threatening, implying our jobs were at stake. The morale of my particular branch became so intense and toxic that myself and two others (out of 4 bankers) left. The hours at my location were 8-6 and Saturday's 9-2 and it made my work life balance almost unbearable. My time there was definitely rewarding as far as what I learned and will be able to build from but extremely difficult and hard to please upper management. They will run you ragged and expect the impossible all while putting on a smile wondering why you feel the way you do. This is a great position for someone starting out but I would do my time and go. this bank sells you sunshine and rainbows only to give you extreme stress and expectations that are almost impossible for even the most experienced banker to achieve. Pay was decent, hours are not good if you are looking for work life and family balance. My team of coworkers were the best but management definitely needs a ton of work. ","Branch Banker II","Former Employee","Alabama","March 31, 2021","2.0"
"Productive and fun workplace ","Laid back job with good compensation. Easy to balance work and family. Management was great and understanding. Hours were decent. Easy to get time off","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 30, 2021","5.0"
"Poor management ","Poor management, years of service does not mean anything, you are just a number. Branch was not adequately staffed. You may be the only one on teller line working, no one else even in the lobby. Very unsafe management would take 2 - 3 hours for lunch to get nails done, pedicure, teeth whitened, or hair done. No structure. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Gastonia, NC","March 28, 2021","1.0"
"Stay away from AML Dept","No work life balance. Sr. management is doing a terrible job of getting a handle on the workflow, retaining talented, productive workers who are producing quality work. Complaints to HR are a waste of time. Very little chance of career advancement unless you are located near the Pittsburgh headquarters. Other departments might be better, but I'm only referring to the AML Dept.. Goals are very difficult to achieve as the bar is set so high. Very little to no praise for doing good work. Management doesn't take an interest in your personal well being. No camaraderie among team or should I say there are cliques.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","North Carolina","March 25, 2021","1.0"
"It's ok ","It's an ok place to work. There is room for growth. The hours are not to great. It's a mixed culture. Working downtown can be expensive because of parking ","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 25, 2021","3.0"
"Great company. Some politics.","Love the company. Middle managers not so much. Great benefits, top management tries hard to do the right thing. A lot of middle managers leave a lot to be desired.","Assistant Vice President/Audit Senior Information Technology","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2021","5.0"
"Love it","9 years, love my coworkers and job. Very team oriented and treats employees well. Great benefits and time off. Love my bankers hours and holidays!!!!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","March 24, 2021","5.0"
"Teller","Wonderful place to work! Great benefits and pay. Team friendly environment. Witnessed many people advance from the teller position. Sales goals are high is the only drawback. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Saginaw, MI","March 24, 2021","5.0"
"Not All Bad","It's a decent place to work to get your foot in the door to the financial world. Typical corporate bank that has heavy sales goals. They have decided to close my branch and have no place for me to go, so I was forced to resign","BBA","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 24, 2021","3.0"
"Decent learning environment and stepping stone"," this bank Business Credit was a fun group of young professionals particularly in the Field Exam group, but isn't a career that you'd want to remain in for very long (as many people try to advance after a year or two).","Field Examiner","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 23, 2021","4.0"
"Be Careful About Working Here","Overall, a stressful company to work for. They have an inclusive corporate company culture, however that does not necessarily translate at the local level sometimes. this bank has good retirement benefits, 401k and pension are matched, but that's it pretty much aside from that. High deductible healthcare plan, aggressive sales tactics. If you are not making enough in sales, they push you to do more. If you make their requested numbers in sales, they push you to do double. When","Part Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","March 22, 2021","1.0"
"No real advancement opportunities.","The harder you work and the more you succeed, the more they want to keep you where you are for the same pay rate. It's universal throughout the company. If you don't go into their weird management training program out of college you have no real shot at advancement here. Coming from a top performer in the Consumer Loans department for 4 years I can tell you, the ceiling is definitely not glass. Where they hire you is where they want to keep you. If that doesn't work for you, well, you're more than expendable to them.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2021","2.0"
"Interesting Workplace","The Benefits are great.They barely give raises.Tellers are forced to make sales but don't get compensation for the sales. Instead they add it to your salary.","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 21, 2021","3.0"
"Decent","I was with the company for a long time. From the beginning to the end was a dramatic change. When I started there was a great work life balance and you only worked 5 days a week with regular Saturdays off. At the end you worked every day, but Sunday and getting a Saturday off it was very difficult. You also had to schedule all vacation and PTO in January. So if you needed a last minute doctor appointment, or family conflict later in the year, you had to request to move your days around. Which, might not be approved if someone else requested it off. There was very little room for advancement, even with a decent turn over. Upper management expects tip-top sales. You need to be at the utmost top of the list and you need to harass customers constantly for more sales. You're expected to make a product recommendation to every customer every time. This wouldn't be so bad, except the same customers come in all the time. Eventually, they get really frustrated and annoyed and stop coming in. Then, you're expected to make sales calls and stay late to call customers and ask them to come in for appointments, even to the point of harassment. A system generated list appears and you must contact everyone on the list, even you just called them two weeks ago. ","Teller","Former Employee","Cambridge, OH","March 20, 2021","3.0"
"Decent Job","Its working a bank. lots of customer service, so if thats your thing, then this is the job for you. the other thing you may not be told or realize is this bank requires you to be a salesperson. They will play it off like they are helping customers, but they just reward people who churn out numbers. credit cards, loans. The idea is to get as many as possible. if you don't meet your goals because your clientele is declined repeatedly or can't afford loans and credit card debt, it isn't taken into consideration. Just the results are. It is a good company to work for. fantastic benefits. just very sales oriented and that isn't stressed during the hiring process. ","teller","Current Employee","Beavercreek, OH","March 19, 2021","3.0"
"Not a lot of advancement","Although there are plenty of opportunities within the company it is harder for some positions to move up without starting all over with that positions base pay. If you need a manager for a customer forget it. They are very busy all the time you would most likely have to let them know they will receive a call back. Makes unhappy customers even more frustrated.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Virtual","March 17, 2021","2.0"
"inclusive work environment with supportive management"," this bank is all about work, life, balance. They value your work ethic and challenge you to do better everyday so you can advance and achieve your goals. They offer competitive pay rates and a great benefits package including 401k matching and generous PTO with paid holidays. With that being said, they do expect you to earn those benefits. There are sales goals to meet and that can be challenging with the other tasks you are expected to complete throughout the day (Such as answering the phone, balancing a drawer, holding appointments, & various office tasks). Ensuring the customer's financial wellbeing is sound is their main focus and some customers do not wish to listen when you offer the advice or product. Must be able to take the criticism that customers may give in a professional manner.","Teller","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, PA","March 17, 2021","5.0"
"Great work/life balance but the pay isn't the greatest","Great company to work for. Great department and team members but they pay is not the greatest. Worked for the company for over 5 years and embarrassed to say how much I made annually. Great benefits and work from home opportunities which is always great. The CEO is great and they try to maintain an inclusive culture. Management in my department was great but I can't speak for other departments. It just comes down to the pay which really sucks (at least for my department). Oh, they also offer tuition reimbursement and training/certifications such as six sigma which you can take with you if you ever leave. ","HR","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 17, 2021","3.0"
"Depends on your manager","Depends on the manager, but not all bad. I hated the push sales culture.if you like sales it's the place for you. If you don't than you should move on.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 16, 2021","4.0"
"Low pay","Low pay for a lot of work that they want you to do and getting promoted is super hard. You have to kiss a lot of behinds to even be considered not hired ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 13, 2021","3.0"
"not a good place to work","not a fun place to work at. bad management. superiors do not care about you at all. Can't wait to get out at this point. Limited opportunity to change departments and even if you do, it takes months to complete the process. While waiting to move, you'll likely be burned out","Banker","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","March 13, 2021","1.0"
"It was a job","It's an ok company, very difficult to advance within. The pay is average but you are micromanaged everyday on this job and treated like you are in high school.","Detection and investigation analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 13, 2021","3.0"
"AML full of aggressively mediocre racists","No matter how well you perform, if mgt doesn't like you, they will 'manage you out of this bank' as management calls it. During Black History Month 2019, received an email for an improvement meeting titled Make AML Great Again. I think that says it all.","AML Detection and Investigations Associate II","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","March 12, 2021","1.0"
"Horrible Place To Work","Management will not back operations. Loan Officers have senior management wrapped around their fingers. Don't waste your time or experience with this company.","Mortgage Operation Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 11, 2021","1.0"
"Work","Great opportunity enjoy the work here.. a lot of growth opportunities and like he's passing up good call center jobs where he can work from home making 14 or 15 for this job ","Banker","Current Employee","Utah","March 10, 2021","4.0"
"Average","If you like talking to people and helping reset their passwords, or get fees reward by all means apply for this company. But if you do not like talking to people that are not willing to help themselves you will not like this jobs.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Macon, GA","March 10, 2021","2.0"
"Good customer service experience ","Overall it was a good customer service experience, but it is still retail. Location of the branch may vary the reviews. Location I was at was often very busy, half the customers were rude, and some of my coworkers would openly talk about politics and talk negatively about social issues in the workplace which I always found to be unprofessional and uncomfortable. At the same time, coworkers were helpful and knowledgeable. Training team was nice and manager did all she could to help me progress. If you don't want to stay in retail or customer service, stay away. Time off worked on a seniority basis, didn't matter if you put it in months ahead. If someone who's worked at the location longer than you, they get to choose PTO before you. Have to work weekends. this bank was amazing with COVID pay on the other hand. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Withamsville, OH","March 10, 2021","3.0"
"Productive, Fun depends on your TL, Busy ","I do not feel the same about this bank. As I use to. 1. The biggest reason is *No Merit Increase* you want to work a person in three different departments, and No increase. You can do that to others, that may say *Well okay I will accept that* but others will not accept it. I have been through a couple of Acquisitions, with former companies, and my pay actually went up! Not stay the same! No, at this bank. This year there is no pay increase* seems it fell right in line with the Acquisition that just happened. 2. I was on a Team that had no morale. Some had no drive to want to have fun, the TL did not push fun, was dry, and really did not do much. Was behind the scenes hiding, only gave recognition to whom she knew the longest. Some Agents had terrible attitudes, but this could have came from the energy from the TL. 3. The OLD systems we work off of are horrible, too many steps to do anything, this bank took too long to get innovative with their systems *and you have ridiculous Merits to meet* QA is not consistent, some TL's you have to pull teeth to get them to dispute a SET score, some TL's do not acknowledge each Agent for good work. 4. I did not want to go by the career reviews for this bank. But they sure were true. It also seems like greed toke over, and after the acquisition *it was we have to think about this bank pockets.* 5. Some Agents be like *At least you have a job* as if this bank is the only place to work. ","Customer Service and Support Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 5, 2021","3.0"
"I enjoy working for this bank. "," this bank is very flexible and works with me when needing time off. The work is easy and rewarding..I meet new people everyday..I am paid well for my job duties.","FT Teller","Current Employee","White Haven, PA","March 5, 2021","5.0"
"Great place to work and retire","I love everything about my job. I know exactly how I effect our clients and what role I play within our position. There are times where the team can get so busy that no one can assist you, but you have a nice window to complete your work.","Operations Analyst I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 4, 2021","4.0"
"Great pay, great benefits","The pay is great and the benefits are a definite plus. Fast pace environment, room for growth. Paid time off. ","Mortgage Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 3, 2021","4.0"
"Great Job","I really enjoyed working for this bank! Its a great company and their job work/Life balance is AWESOME. I recommend you work for this bank and make it a Career.","Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2021","5.0"
"Support and Resources","High call volume, helping customers with their financial inquiries and technical issues with this bank's app and website. Management is friendly and supportive. Workplace culture was good, everyone seems to be friendly and willing to help each other. The hardest part of the job was making customers happy when they are calling about fees, overdrafts, and disputes. The most enjoyable part of the job was making customers happy after you've helped solved their issue.","Customer Service Representative II","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","March 3, 2021","4.0"
"Good company"," this bank is a good company to work for. I get paid well and have never had any true issues. Make sure you are open to coaching because they really do love to coach people. ","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 2, 2021","5.0"
"Overall good","I previously worked in banking and loved it but this was totally different working from home. I felt like it was way too much information for you to know. They had recently took away tier 1 and tier 2 call handling and made it just us that knows all the information and it was tough. The pay was good but the amount of information was too much.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","February 25, 2021","4.0"
"It was ok but my anxiety flared up","Customer service dept was great. Once you get transferred to online banking, its terrible. The phone calls, the quota etc. Bonuses were nice! My 3rd supervisor was nice.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 24, 2021","2.0"
"Decent Place to work","This isn't a bad place to work, I Had a horrible manager that ruined everything for me, but the pay was good and they care about their employees. I didn't like that I had to do sales as a teller, made me not want to do the job anymore.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 23, 2021","4.0"
"Productive environment with managers who respect thoughtfully crafted new ideas"," this bank has a strong culture of recognizing innovation, and being a listening ear to new ideas. In my experience, especially early in my career, as long a new idea was carefully thought out, it would be listened to and potentially implemented. ","Private Banking Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 22, 2021","5.0"
"Great benefits ","Love all the benefits this bank has to offer from the health care benefits to PTO. Only thing I can say is working at the call center is mentally taxing and my hours aren't super great for family life. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","February 22, 2021","4.0"
"Most of your coworkers are good people and very knowledgeable","Good place to start a career. You will have to move on though as they do not compensate well. Upper management will tell you in order to get a raise you need a job offer for them to match. That will however be the biggest and possibly the only raise you get. They like to say they have great benefits but they are comparable and usually less than what's offered at other banks.","Treasury Management Commercial Card Technical Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 22, 2021","3.0"
"Only concerned about the bottom line. Employees are drones.","No chance of advancement if you aren't a minority. The culture is so 'inclusive' that there is no equal opportunity. Management is only interested in how much money you can turn. Customer service is based on what the customer has for investment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","February 22, 2021","2.0"
"High Stress, Low Pay","There is not a good work-life balance at this bank. I am constantly working through lunch breaks and past my scheduled shift. The workload and responsibilities of this role are not compensated on a fair basis. You will be expected to take on an excessive amount of work with little to no training. I have constantly been lied to regarding raises, workload, and career progression throughout my time with this bank. Managers are scheduled in meetings all day and are not supportive. Upper management has no idea what is actually going on for front-line employees, yet they are the ones that dictate the processes and systems we use. There is also a large disconnect among different internal departments with no departments wanting to claim ownership for work and other issues. This ultimately will fall back on my role to take care because we have the most contact with the customers. This requires us to work on issues and research solutions that we don't have the tools for, all on top of our normal workload. You will find yourself working well outside of the job description with little to no extra incentives with this bank. Fully expect to be lied to regarding pay progression, career progression, and workload when working for this bank. If you absolutely need a job it's fine but don't work more than the bare minimum and don't plan on making a career here. ","Loan Support Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2021","1.0"
"Good company to work for. Depending on what position you are in."," this bank as a company is good to work for. Be careful which position you chose. If your position involves sales be prepared for an overview of every move you make, Lots of cold calls (they don't consider it cold calling since they are clients but trust me they don't want the calls), and meetings everyday cutting into the time you need to make those calls. ","Banker","Current Employee","Ohio","February 21, 2021","3.0"
"Very Hostile Job Environment","This is not a good place to work. this bank Hires more managers/supervisory roles than actual workers but the managers do not support those reporting to them. If a manager feels threatened, they will do everything they can to make your life miserable while you are still in the department, but then still try to block you when posting out to another group. They claim they provide raises and bonuses but that doesn't really happen. The amount the company raises payroll deductions for health benefits each year does is more than the minimal 1 to 2% pay increase each year. So even though your gross pay goes up, your take home barely moves due to these increases. There are plenty more Financial Service Companies out there, I suggest you look somewhere else.","AML Risk specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2021","1.0"
"Great environment ","Wonderful benefits, one job I wish I was still at but the schedule was unrealistic for me at the time. B2B calls,metrics and all but room for growth,mgr helpful","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Remote","February 19, 2021","5.0"
"Back to back phone calls and crunched on time","While the pay and benefits are decent and there is paid time off, the job itself is quite stressful with panicked and stressed out customers calling in, often with complex banking issues. Since going virtual, management seems to have no time and they treat you like a customer. When trying to help the customer, prioritizing a positive customer experience and ensuring first call resolution and financial well being will make it impossible to meet your stats, including average handle time and hold time. You only get 3 minutes daily to fill out paperwork and notes on customer accounts, otherwise are told to complete it with the customer on the line. You will get written up if they find you haven't put notes in the account, and its important to do so anyway for communication purposes, but they simply make it impossible to do. Co-workers from other departments often have good intentions but are limited on time trying to meet their own stats and so there is an underlying coldness that permeates interactions with one another. There are many positive aspects to this job including benefits and the way you can call in sick or schedule vacation is very independent, you don't need to tell your boss any personal details, just that you won't be in.You just call the call off line. The sent beautiful flowers to my brothers funeral when I had to call in to attend the funeral, which was incredibly caring. There are a lot of resources for a wide range of things, as long as you know where to look. Don't bother asking management though, they'll tell you to call HR and treat you like another customer. - more...","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 19, 2021","4.0"
"Great culture"," this bank has a great company culture. There is a good work life balance when compared to competitors, but that does mean the pay is less competitive. I enjoy working with my team and networking with other lines of business within the company. If pay would be better aligned with performance, I would be completely satisfied. ","Analyst","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 18, 2021","4.0"
"Good management good benefits ","I felt overworked there for such little pay! You would take about 70-90 calls a day and the breaks would be so short. It is an extremely stressful job. The health benefits was nice and my manager was nice but the job as a whole I wouldn't work there again. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 17, 2021","3.0"
"Okay","My experience has been stifled by the pandemic and underdeveloped leadership at my particular branch. Overall, it's a great company itself. I really feel as if they care as much as they can.","Financial Counselor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 17, 2021","3.0"
"No work/life balance","They are not family friendly at all, longer hours for branches means less time at home with your family, upper management cares more about money and how it will negatively impact the customers than how it will affect the employees.","customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Maryland","February 15, 2021","1.0"
"Tough job","The job is very difficult and stressful. Not for the faint of heart. Hardest part of the job is the customers and the number of phone calls. Would not recommend this place ","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 15, 2021","3.0"
"Inclusive Work Environment","Excellent and supportive trainers but not much support is offered after training - they have support departments, but they're not very helpful and mostly difficult to reach. When reaching out to Retail Support they forward an article for you to find your solution (which you're already required to do prior to contacting them). Basically, you learn more as you go...on your own. The pay is decent and time off benefits are good. ","Call Center","Current Employee","New Braunfels, TX","February 15, 2021","4.0"
"Youth focused","Experienced employees were marginalized and subtly forced out of the work environment Purposely removed from emails and meeting invitations. Loss of job was mentioned at least once a month ","Treasury Management Business Banking","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","February 15, 2021","1.0"
"Great company"," this bank makes you truly feel welcomed in your career. Excellent trying and benefits. Raises every 6 months as well as the potential to earn bonuses which is great","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Virginia","February 15, 2021","5.0"
"Headed in right direction. But expect Ohio salary, regardless of where you live","I would recommend this bank because from management down to the line, you can tell the company cares about people.However, they are a bank. Nickel-and-dime is what they do best. And salaries are no exception. Although I was able to negotiate a salary commensurate with where I live, I was never able to get a salary raise as the base salary for a big metro area like NYC or DC is far higher than the top earners in the Cleveland, Ohio/Pittsburgh PA market, where most of staff are based.The politics and diversity (lack there of) mimics the state of the nation. Expect nothing different there. The one thing I can say is that women are empowered at this bank and they are very much in leadership positions every where you look.Some areas adopt change and are forward thinking and adapt modern practices. Other areas or groups are stuck in mimicking older banks. There are enough of those pockets of teams that really slow down progress.","Vice President","Current Employee","Remote","February 14, 2021","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace.","Best part of job was interacting with clients, team members and management at a world class level, thanks to the trainers and all other support provided. ","Bank Ambassador","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","February 14, 2021","5.0"
"Good company, hard job","Decent pay and good benefits. Lots of angry customers, most of them you can't help. Management is good, and tries to be supportive but the organization is too big and the departments don't cooperate with each other. Be prepared to talk non-stop for 8 hours.","Customer Care Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2021","3.0"
"I really feel proud to work at this bank","Working at this bank is a great decision. Amazing benefits. Great 401 options. All the workers are great. They push sale a lot. When they close a branch they are very unprofessional. You are left wondering what is going to happen up until the end. If you work at this bank apply for a busy branch or plan on not being with them long. ","Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","February 13, 2021","4.0"
"Decent benefits","Where the incompetent and politically savvy succeed. They do offer decent benefits and benefit access platforms. Heard raises and bonuses were sub-par. Discretionary performance rewards and charitable giving lackluster. Outdated and bare-bones workplace technology due to ultra conservative risk-averse.","Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","February 8, 2021","3.0"
"The way employees go out of there way to educate co-workers on procedures, and policies. ","Great company to work for. Excellent service standards, and a 'Can do' attitude. No question ever goes unanswered, and our employees always offer clarity and peace of mind for our clients ","CUSTOMER SERVICE SPECIALIST","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 8, 2021","4.0"
"Good support from all Managers to be productive and fun workplace with the team ethic.","Good support from all Managers to be productive and fun workplace with the team ethic. No sufficient specifications on the mainframe area oldest employees expecting miracles from new employees trying to make you feel bad instead giving you support to be more efficient and productive. this bank Need people to give them what they are missing in the mainframe world. Not too many people has mainframe experiences. ","Mainframe Developer","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","February 7, 2021","5.0"
"Typical day","Working at this bank can be a very rewarding but very stressful. I strongly believe each persons experience with this bank will depend on management and team dynamics in the branch. There are always more tasks to complete than there are hours in a day so teamwork is essential to stay on pace. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 5, 2021","3.0"
"Change is the only constant","They have a lot going on. Hard to keep up with all the changes. They are trying to be forward thinking but not everyone is on the same page. They need to work on getting something right before moving on to the next change and involve the right people in the design and decision processes. ","Project Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 4, 2021","4.0"
"Good place ","Good place to work, easy to get the job if you know someone that works there. Pay is good and benefits are good too. The hours suck but it's good and steady money. ","Analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 4, 2021","3.0"
"Do Not Work Here ","Only lasted 2 months at this location before I was let go this was by far the most sales heavy job I've ever worked. They expect you to make a sale with every customer that comes in and you are cold calling customers during your down time that want nothing to do with you. Training was awful as instructors never actually showed you how to do anything. We were also consistently under-staffed during my time there so we always worked six days a week. You are consistently micromanaged by your manager and after every customer you are criticized for not making a sale and instead of coaching and training the manager would just tell me what I did wrong and would consistently talk bad behind employees backs. This is by far the worst place I've ever worked and I would highly recommend staying away. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Bolingbrook, IL","February 3, 2021","1.0"
"Best bank I have worked at ","This is really an excellent bank to work for. Extremely supportive at every aspect - employees are encouraged to grow and this is backed by a very structured development programs that relates to the different positions within the bank. Amazing Diversity & Inclusion program as well with local and national EBRG chapters in addition to regional councils to ensure our activities within our communities are perfectly in line with our values as an organization. The leadership truly believes in improving financial literacy and demonstrates it through many philanthropic efforts across the US. During the pandemic, while every bank was reducing cost, this bank invested by creating an entire division within the commercial bank dedicated to organizational financial wellness. Base pay I would say is very fair and bonuses have both a set and discretionary component. Very good health plan benefits with HSA, 401k and Pension. Overall, this is the best bank I've worked for and I plan to be here until I retire. ","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","Florida","February 3, 2021","5.0"
"Not good","Not good, sakes, not valued, need improvement, doesn't care about employees, care only about the money, make you perform more than one job function and ","Representative","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 31, 2021","1.0"
"Meet great people","8 years. But happy I left. Traveling downtown is to much. Let people work from home. Management can be strange. Moving up became difficult. Recruiters are to involved with decision making. ","Operations Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 31, 2021","3.0"
"Fake work life balance","This place promotes work life balance but doesn't actually allow employees to have a life outside of work. Management expects employees to work almost every weekend and most nights. Also, it is impossible to get any actual work done because meetings are scheduled throughout the entire day. So if you want to get any real work done, you have to work after hours. Management does not trust their employees' knowledge and the management consistently does the opposite of what is recommended. ","Technology Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2021","2.0"
"Compensation and Culture are low.","Visit onsites and promote this banks products. Open accounts onsite outside of branches. You must have a good team leader if you want to enjoy this role. Management attributed to a very toxic 'team' environment. Often inciting competition, gossip and slander as a form of 'motivation' and influence. I went on medical leave and when I came back, my position was switched by my direct manager to a floater position where I had to drive 2 hours to get to any onsites. Spoke to HR and nothing could be done. The decision did not make success in my role conducive since most of my time was spent driving. My advice when working here: Don't get sick, don't seek surgery to get well or you may not have your position to come back to. Also, this is a dead end role even if you are a rock star with your goals. Many of my team members have been in this role for years (as much as 13 years) and have not gotten promoted or considered. Outsiders were hired and promotion from within non-existent. The pay was certainly not worth the headaches.","FINANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Duluth, GA","January 30, 2021","2.0"
"Productive, lots of room for advancement, stressful frontline roles","Just like most call centers, the frontline position can be pretty stressful with back to back calls which was the hardest part of my job along with the metric goals that were expected to be met every month while maintaining high scoring quality evaluations. Personally, the quality of my customer interactions took priority over my own metrics, which became a topic of conversation during personal coaching meetings. However, my experience with this bank as a company, was very positive. The environment was always supportive, inclusive, and motivating. There were many resources available to all employees within the call center such as resume workshops, public speaking and leadership groups, and career corner opportunities (where you can learn more about other careers within the call center). this bank also had a comprehensive benefits package (including health/life/vision/dental insurance, 14 days of PTO given each calendar year, occasional VTO offered, up to 6 paid sick days, HSA, ISP 401k, FMLA, pension plan, home buying assistance, employee specific APRs on credit cards/loans, separate rooms within call center for nursing mothers, etc.). Overall, It is a great company to work for, but the role specifically was not for me.","Senior Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 27, 2021","4.0"
"Poor Management","Branch manager I worked for was awful. She had zero banking experience, not a basic understanding of banking regulations. this bank hires people based on having a degree only, no experience needed to run a $36 million deposit base branch. ","Personal Banker II","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 27, 2021","1.0"
"Great work environment ","I enjoy my job. My customers, coworkers and managers are great. The day can be slow sometimes. Pay could be better. Benefits are great. Room for advancement.","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Toms River, NJ","January 26, 2021","4.0"
"Unreasonable Expectations","It was a stressful Job. Expectations were hard to meet, with the volume of phone calls. Team Leaders weren't always helpful with difficult customers. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Home","January 26, 2021","3.0"
"Great customers and employees where i worked","No work life balance. All about goals. Very stressful and disappointing. Management has no clue about branch banking.... just producing. I love my customers. They trust me and I do what's best for them... but it's never enough. ","Now Manager","Current Employee","Williamston, NC","January 25, 2021","2.0"
"Pretty good for a Bank","My time here was very good but in the end the pay wasn't worth it, the benefits were terrible and management didn't want to deal with customers. Work life balance is great though. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Easton, PA","January 25, 2021","4.0"
"A good stepping stone","It's a good company to get your feet wet in banking. The pay is not very good. But the time off is great. 3 weeks when you start. There's not a lot of communication between upper management to employees. That's pretty much the same in most departments I've worked in. My coworkers are fantastic and I love them.","Loan Analyst Collateral Monitoring, Commercial Loans","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 23, 2021","3.0"
"Nice environment","Nice environment but sometime the things they required us to do was overkill. The different departments need to work together better. Management was good for the most part","Mortgage Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 22, 2021","4.0"
"Okay pleas to work","Been there 5 years. Can't wait to get out at this point. Limited opportunity to change departments and even if you do, it takes months to complete the process. While waiting to move, you'll likely be burned oir","CSR Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 20, 2021","3.0"
"It could be as good or as bad as the branch you work at"," this bank can be EXTREMELY toxic or very, very good; depending on your branch and 'leaders'. It is VERY sales-driven, and there is not necessarily room to grow a career. They don't pay enough for all the work they require from you, customers can be very moody/rude. High turnover rate, and extremely under-staffed branches. Most of the time you have so much work, that you will leave something 'hanging', and most likely will be called out for it. God forbid a customer leaves a bad review. It's gonna hurt you and the branch, so it adds an additional layer of stress. ","Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","January 18, 2021","3.0"
"I would not recommend working at this bank to my worst enemy."," this bank has laid off over half of their workforce, including full time employees, completely without warning. They also gave no separation package at all, and cut benefits the day after the layoff. Further, employees worked upwards of 150% hours during Covid, and were not compensated for that either. this bank is a corporate monster, and does not care for the employees or their families at all. ","Technical Program Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 18, 2021","1.0"
"Good","Good company and encourage our continual growth and development. Everyone here is nice and loves to have a good time and get out of the office to team-build.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 13, 2021","5.0"
"Fun but not ","Very sterile the hire fire ratio is soo high nobody stays there too long they expect you to be a robot on the call line and not have a personal life and no chances at all and don't have feelings towards personal growth ","ONLINE CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 13, 2021","1.0"
"It's a good place to work","Lots of room for advancement and good management. They will help you arms train you at every step. They have generous leave policies and the on boarding is really smooth.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","January 12, 2021","5.0"
"Mostly focused on metrics. ","Everything is metrics driven. Not much support offered after training. Reaching out to Retail Support consist of someone sending an article to research and find your solution. Tenured employees have later shifts and new hires get earlier shifts. Workforce will accommodate your request. Supervisor was not supportive. Pay is not worth the job.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","January 7, 2021","3.0"
"Great!","Excellent management and growth opportunities. Supportive culture that is focused on providing the training and resources needed to help each employee. ","Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 7, 2021","5.0"
" this bank is a family oriented company "," this bank cares about their employees and customers the pay is good and so is management they are easy to talk to and willing to assist in helping you meet your career goals","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2021","5.0"
"Doing better with technology","I spent a little over a decade at this bank and during that time they started getting serious about putting into place updated technology. They went from old stuff to newer tech. That part was good. One part that wasn't good is that management was hit or miss. For the last 5 or 6 years I had a manager who really didn't do much to help with advancement or getting the training needed to do better. And then his manager made vacation taking difficult, especially around Christmas and New Years. ","Support","Former Employee","Portland, OR","January 4, 2021","3.0"
"Bank teller","Decent bank to work for but the pay is low, and you always have to sell all sorts of financial products, credit cards, to people that don't have money anyway. So why induce people to get in more debt when you see they already don't have money. There are monthly goals that probably no bank/branch achieves but are there to put you in a hot spot. Worked here while in college. After graduation I moved on to a better stable and nice job. don't't work in banks. They're so unethical ( what a shocker, of course they are). ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fairfax County, VA","January 4, 2021","3.0"
"Diversity was the only plus","Everything else was awful. Being a call center, you have to take way too many calls. You literally do not have a full second between calls, the second a customer disconnects there is another customer already speaking. They literally track your bathroom time. Everyday you have a 15 min team meeting with about 10 ppl in the middle of hundreds of other employees and they rate you on about 8 different Categories. They put this huge board and write in red marker everything you did wrong. It's awful. ","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 30, 2020","1.0"
"Good","I feel that this bank is a great company to work for. When it comes to scheduling it can be difficult to get the schedule changed and to move to a different position can sometimes take quite a bit of time but it is still a great company to work for they have great benefits and willing to work with employees. ","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","December 30, 2020","3.0"
"Good job but it can be stressful and disheartening","The customers reviews on your service can make or break your experience here. If the ATM doesn't work and the customer gives this bank (you) a 1 star rating, it destroys not only your quarter but the branches, too. You meet wonderful regulars and build relationships but survey and sale expectations are unreasonable.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","Michigan","December 29, 2020","3.0"
"Good Place to Work","It felt like working with family. Everyone at the branch was extremely friendly and caring of one another. The branch was located in a tourist destination, and the hardest part of the job would be the rush that followed any major holiday or event.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","December 28, 2020","5.0"
"Expect an FTE reduction every couple of years"," this bank is well-known for RIFing senior personnel every couple of years in order to save on salary and benefit expenses. You are safe until you reach 50 then you might want to start looking for another opportunity.","Vice President","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 28, 2020","2.0"
"Love it","Personally I love working for this bank. I love that I get to help people daily, management truly want their employees to succeed and do what they can to help teach and build careers. ","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Ashland, KY","December 26, 2020","5.0"
"Just Okay","Salary extremely low, work culture was great in my branch but branch was chosen for a permanent increase in branch hours to close at 6 daily but no increase in pay. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","December 25, 2020","3.0"
"Worst working environment. ","The environment at this job was one of the worse. It was extremely stressful and unfriendly. Most of the management was impolite and rude. It encouraged separation amongst employees, as opposed to team work. They didn't want us speaking to each other. There were a multitude of changes that occurred quite often with poor training. The environment is too uptight and not employee friendly. ","Online Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 24, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible place to work!!! They do not care about customers ","Most promotions will not be people of color. Customers are not put first. It takes months to get loans closed because departments are fighting internally. You can escalate to management and nothing will happen. Worst company I've ever worked for in 25 years. They will lie to you during the interview and tell you that everybody is earning a bonus, that isn't true. They find ways not to pay you a bonus. You will not even understand how you earned or didn't earn a bonus. It's some gorilla math equation that they have on an excel sheet and you don't get a copy. Again the worst company ever. Talk a great game but it's all lies!!!!!! I wouldn't recommend anyone work here and I never have. ","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 22, 2020","1.0"
"Good company","I really loved working for this bank. They took great care of me when I was on maternity leave. I worked both in the branches and from home and have nothing but good to say of them as employers","Customer Service and Support Representative Remote","Former Employee","Remote","December 19, 2020","5.0"
"Poor pay little job growth","Many positions that used to exist have been cut. Roles that should have been promotions were eliminated and work is distributed between branch workers with no raises. Job has high expectations, with little growth or rewards. ","Customer Service III","Former Employee","Washington, PA","December 18, 2020","1.0"
"Enjoyed loan servicing position ","I enjoyed working in the loan servicing call center. My supervisors were awesome and helped me to improve my customer service skills. I would definitely work there again if I ever had the opportunity. ","Loan Services Consultant Call Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 18, 2020","5.0"
"It's a great place to work","I absolutely love my job. I feel pretty fulfilled and the work itself is great. Management is amazing. I get to work independently and I love my group. ","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 16, 2020","4.0"
"Basic bank job","Nothing negative your basic 9-5 paper pushing bank job. It has great benefits and if you work with the right people isn't as mentally draining as if you don't.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 15, 2020","3.0"
"Pushy sales on products that aren't good for the customer. ","Nice talking to and meeting new people. Management only cares about making money. You must be very good and pushy with sales on everyone. Good pay, good vacation. ","Teller","Former Employee","Muskegon, MI","December 15, 2020","3.0"
"It's alright"," this bank is fine. The salary is not where it should be considering how much they make you do and the size of the bank but you do get a minimum of 3 weeks of vacation. Benefits are fine. Moving up is very difficult as HR gate-keeps a lot. Everyone seems to work a lot, managers included (avg 45-50 hrs/wk). this bank talks a big game about being customer-centered but they are not. I worked in the branches and in an operational capacity and I can tell you that this bank makes it hard for customers to anything in a modern, easy way. Now if you're struggling to find a job/need some experience or get your foot in the door of the banking world then it's not a terrible first step. But get your 1-2 years and get out because raises are nonexistent and the workload only increases.","Branch Banker Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 15, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to work sometimes"," this bank is a good company to work for most of the time. They are pretty easy going when you hit all of your goals, however when you don't, get ready to hear your manager micro-manage you all day long and repeatedly tell you what to do. They offer little to no salary increases on a yearly basis.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Washington, DC","December 15, 2020","4.0"
"Great work life balance ","The work life balance is great and the benefits are alright. There is not much room for advancement. Being a bank, we don't use the most up-to-date technology.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Remote","December 13, 2020","3.0"
"great place to work but.....","Depending on the team or branch your experience can be great. but if your on a team that doesn't work as a team then your screwed. I was fortunate enough to be on a great team that helped me during my time. Making a sale seems to be most important. ","Branch banker associate","Current Employee","Sylvania, OH","December 12, 2020","3.0"
"All about the numbers. ","If you're good at scamming people to open accounts they don't need, this is the job for you. They only pay you well if you ensure every single person that walks in the door opens an account. ","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 11, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible- stay away from AML","Stay far away from AML here. They do not pay well, they bring in new people with higher salaries but make the wrong decision on who to hire. Raises are a joke! Even with meeting and exceeding all goals you get 1%!! We daily work overtime but are salaried for 40 hours, we work between 55-80 hours a week with no choice, we work on vacations, we work on 'paid holidays'. We always work, we are treated like garbage, they pick apart any mini mistake you make from typos to attachments, you better no reach out to management or you will get talked down to for even speaking to them. They hold round tables with high ups where you can't even express things because others tell management and you get in trouble. Turnover is insane here for these reasons and more. We have QAs, investigators, managers and analysts quitting daily or weekly. Stay away!! Any bank is better! ","AML Investigator QA","Current Employee","North Carolina","December 11, 2020","2.0"
"Good Company: Horrible with internal advancement","The company overall is very good. However, even for top performers, the ability to get meaningful pay raises year over year is extremely limited. This promotes a culture of jumping jobs either internally or externally to get ahead. ","Strategic Sourcing Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 10, 2020","4.0"
"Worst Working environment for clients and associates ","Worst financial Institution to work for. Poor Management guidance, coaching and motivation. Don't care about their clients financial needs and economic success , every client equal a $#+push products + a ridiculous survey. Poor and unprofessional management style. Micromanaging system. Poor internal branch support for associates. If you want to have a miserable work life come to work here. ","Personal Banker II","Former Employee","Naples, FL","December 9, 2020","1.0"
"Not much to say","This company is alright. It all depends on your manager and your location. Sometimes you meet great people. Sometimes you meet not so great people....","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","December 9, 2020","3.0"
"It was okay","I worked for 1 year as In-Store Banker.I had a great time, but I had to leave the job because I did not like working on Sunday.Great people, Great Company Culture. I really liked working here","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Keyport, NJ","December 6, 2020","4.0"
"Universal Banker","The good: The compensation for the Universal Banker role is pretty good, and you do really well with referrals, selling credit cards, and meeting your quarterly quota, you get decent bonuses. The workload is pretty decent, I guess it also depends what your branch is like.The neutral:The products are just like any other bank, the difference is how they name them. It's important to go over all the fees with customers when you open accounts because some caught me off guard (example: when you can charge for a replacement card/when not to charge)The bad:I've noticed a lot of turnover lately with bakers and managers; and when you don't have a branch or assistant manager to guide you through your first few weeks, your constantly looking up policies and procedures by yourself, and trying to learn 3 different systems. In my specific branch my colleague have helped a bit, but I can't help but think they are planning an exit too. ","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","December 6, 2020","3.0"
"Solid company from top to bottom","Leadership has made a series of good decisions that has positioned the company for long-term growth. The company does a great job of providing rewards and recognition to deserving individuals.","Business Banking Officer II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 2, 2020","4.0"
"Work From Home"," this bank is a great work place- I have the opportunity to work from home, it's very comfortable for me because I have over 10 years of customer service experience. I've been employed with them over a year now. I like it due to the high call volume, team leads are very helpful, I've been on two different teams and both were awesome! As long as you come to work on time, follow the rules, and provide excellent customer service you will go far with this company!! I've been promoted three times in one year!","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Work From Home","December 2, 2020","4.0"
"Conservative company with poor management","Some successful people were terminated at this bank just because they reasonably complained about their branch manager's behavior. Instead of helping them, the higher management terminated them for a bogus reason. I worked with them personally and know what was going on. People can't speak out freely and are afraid of losing their jobs. I left because I realized that this bank is not the best place to develop as the bank encourages a hostile atmosphere in the branch. If you don't complain and meet their sales goals, you'd be most likely fine. Some branches, however, have great managers that value their employees, but those are rare. Other than that, if you work hard, you can earn good money there.","Service Associate II","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","November 25, 2020","2.0"
"Great pay","This company is unfair and only worries about the higher ups in the corporation . They will turn on you on a heartbeat. Very selfish and mean at times .","Retail Escalation Manager SR ll Bank Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","November 24, 2020","1.0"
"Loan Support Analyst","Good company overall. The company provides good benefits. There is also life work balance. The management can be flexible with time especially when it comes doctor's appointments. ","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 24, 2020","4.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work but don't expect a raise you will need to move up to make money.The benefits are good but expensiveNot enough work from home opportunities","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 24, 2020","4.0"
"Management is horrible ","Only two maybe three managers out of the many that I've met have actually been good managers. The others have no business being a manager. The training is horrible here and if a manager has it out for you for no reason other than they're bored or trying to look good to higher ups and money hungry, you're scared to lose your job. You're expected to know things you haven't been taught even in roles you haven't been in a full year and written up for not having enough appointments even during a pandemic. Their computer system is as old as the hills and not easy to manage. Have I mentioned their training is awful? ","Universal Branch Associate","Former Employee","North Carolina","November 23, 2020","2.0"
"Just a great place to work","Great work life balance. Work from home is supported and engagement is well maintained. Company has great values and transparency. Growth and development are constantly worked on with employees and managers. I always feel valued. Pay and benefits are great. I've had good and bad managers but I think all companies have that. When I had a bad manager, I had the resources to work through issues unlike other places I have worked. ","Recruiter I","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 22, 2020","5.0"
"Productive ","Wonderful place to work with great management/support group. One thing for sure you will stay busy.. it's constant work daily... but overall I truly enjoy it ","Dda collection","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 21, 2020","5.0"
"Mixed feelings ","I have mixed feelings, really depends where you're working. Depends on the manager and the team.. .. hr is a complete joke. You basically have to put up w bad behavior bc if you make a complaint things get ugly for you even though they swear that they take retaliation seriously 😒 ","Banker","Current Employee","Bergen County, NJ","November 19, 2020","4.0"
"No clear direction or support on new initiatives ","New program with no administrative help, retail bank and investments had different objectives, no accountability for senior management in cooperation with the initiative ","Financial Specialist Team Manager","Former Employee","Troy, MI","November 19, 2020","2.0"
"Great benefits and good compensation plan ","Working here is great. Management is good, the process can be a bit stressful when the system doesn't work. But overall the job function is not difficult. ","Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 19, 2020","5.0"
"As long as you work they leave you alone so you can be productive and do your job!","Great place to work but the management is not the greatest. Some people are just not cut out for managing people. Work life balance is ok but if your not grinding the work each and everyday you get treated differently. ","Real Estate Foreclosure Default Litigation Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","November 18, 2020","5.0"
"Great Company","Great work experience. I needed to complete this review so I was able to look at other reviews on this source for a school project. Other than that I actually work for this bank and it is a great company to work for.","Teller","Current Employee","Michigan","November 18, 2020","5.0"
"Mortgage Consultant ","The job is fairly easy, the problem lies with bonuses were taken away, yet we were given the task to take multiple department calls. Also you may be told one thing, and then have to accept another. Mortgage needed help, we were asked to train and move there with new schedules (mon-fri), only to accept and start and be told we had to keep the same schedules. ","Mortgage Loan Consultant","Current Employee","Georgia","November 18, 2020","3.0"
"the good is you will take a lot of calls ","you will never be bored because the calls are always back to back especially in core, however when management is the problem you cant talk to higher ups they don't do anything ","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","November 17, 2020","3.0"
"Good start in banking","It was a good place to start when you don't know any better. They take advantage of new to bank employees to pay them very low in comparison. Short staffed branches, poor upper management. Charlotte market is the laughing stock of all of this bank. ","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 17, 2020","2.0"
