2200,"Customer Service","work and home balance, benefits were good, like the vacation perks and professional growth. i would recommended this bank for someone who is starting banking for the first time.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","August 21, 2018","4.0"
2201,"Hard work low pay","They have made it so one position covers them all. One employee is responsible for all branch jobs. Being a teller, being a loan officer, being a customer service representative, being a notary, etc. There were very few days that I got more than a half hour lunch, would work at least 3 weekends a month but it was very offten over a month before I would get a weekend off. They rely heavily on gallop surveys for performance reviews. Where you may get one review a month but have hundreds or thousands of interactions the one review determines everything. So if it was your one 'off' interaction a month that's all that matters. The pay was not worth the job at all.","Branch sales and service associate","Former Employee","Marysville, OH","August 21, 2018","3.0"
2202,"unstable working environment","salaries are not bad, the commission is not good and the working environment is not stable at all, always changes in management. very sales and product pushy","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cedar Grove, NJ","August 21, 2018","2.0"
2203,"Work/Life Balance","The company is great if you're interested in getting your foot through the door for banking; however, the commission is only if you get a certain threshold of accounts. The in-store branches have almost no life/work balance and have made the goals more difficult for the branch. My senior staff members have been with the company around 2 years and they make around the same salary as I do when I've been there roughly 8 months. It's a great learning experience as well as a good place to start if you're interested in banking.","BSSA","Current Employee","Gainesville","August 20, 2018","4.0"
2204,"Excellent training","Excellent career training,coaching and overall culture. There is almost a zero error tolerance, so that would keep you on your toes(which to me was a positive). However, we were always short staffed partly because the low pay always led to a high level of turnover.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hazelwood, MO","August 20, 2018","5.0"
2205,"always changing enviroment","If you are looking for a long career with the ability to grow within the same company than this bank is the place for you. great benefits and great vacation time. just be aware there is a lot of turn over in the branch setting and you will get new coworkers often. for sure a sales environment. be prepared to meet certain behavior based goals.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2018","4.0"
2206,"Horrible culture","While working for this bank, we were expected to be independent and not need our managers; then when we had an issue with a client, we were taken to task for not getting the managers involved. Prior to the integration between bank N Bank and this bank , the bank was a fantastic place to be. Very collaborative, and the managers were very supportive. At the beginning, it was similar with this bank. Then they decided to do away with our division, hired in a manager whose job it was to get rid of us. She made life and work difficult at best in what I believe was an effort to get those of us she didn't like to quit on our own. She clearly played favorites, and she made coming to work a stressful event. Then they called us into a conference call and said those of us on that call no longer had jobs; literally we IMed with each other saying, 'whoa, wait, did we just get fired??' Later we discovered if we wanted our full severance, we had to train our replacements from the outsourcing place. We had to finish our work plus take on more projects. It was pure slave labor to get us to leave without our severance. I hope no one ever has to work for the two in charge again.","Training and Design Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 19, 2018","1.0"
2207,"Worked There For Many Years","Excellent company to advance your career. IT management is very understanding. Environment is at times stressful but these days all IT jobs have some stress.","Lead Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2018","5.0"
2208,"Horrible","I was there for 16 years and when I left people who were just hired was making what I was making,. The lack of life balance, Why work mandatory every other weekend, Just plan selfish","SENIOR CUSTOMER REPRESENTATIVE 3","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2018","1.0"
2209,"Productive , great benefits","I believe certain branches give u a better opportunity to advance as well as more fairness between employees. I guess different branches have better business relationship rather than inappropriate relationship","MLO_BSSR BANKER","Former Employee","Georgetown KY","August 17, 2018","4.0"
2210,"Good place to work if you don't work for in-store","VERY, very heavy sales focus to the point that the customer's wellbeing is placed behind the company's production quotas. If you work for the in-store, you have NO work/life balance as your hours Monday-Friday are 10:30AM-7:45PM, Saturday 10:30AM-6:45PM, and Sunday 10:30AM-3PM and you are only guaranteed off 3 holidays every year - New Year's Day, Christmas Day, and Thanksgiving Day. The quality of people that this bank hires for their in-store is low so customer retention is non-existent (unless they bribe you with yearly stay-on bonuses). They often hire people who are unequipped to handle banking and end up leaving due to stress. If you are good at your job, they try to pigeon-hole you into staying in the in-store realm forever even if you were promised in-store as a stepping stone to moving on to traditional or universal banking. They will cheat you out of a promotion even if you were only 1,000 revenue credits short of goal and your colleagues aren't even hitting their minimum set goals... but they still get paid similarly to you when the this bank pay scale is already below average. They tell you to just keep busting your butt to make commission at the expense of giving you a better yearly salary. Management often sucks. They'll look the blind eye to unethical practices as long as they meet sales goals. The stress should never be that high. In-store managers have no real power and therefore employees can manipulate managers easily as it's nearly impossible to fire someone even if they no call/no show. If you don't make your quota, it's like the whole world fell - more...","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gainesville, VA","August 17, 2018","3.0"
2211,"Comfortable place to work"," this bank is a great place to have and maintain a comfortable career. There are development opportunities, and other education benefits that make it nice for someone starting out in a technical space (model dev, analytics, automation), however if you are in these areas and what to work with new tech, this is not the place to be for long.","Quantitative Analytics Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2018","4.0"
2212,"Work Relationship","I think it is a good company I think it is the people in place who hurts other people and force them to leave. this bank bought out Flagstar and they made a lot of changes and elimated jobs.","ASSISTANT MANAGER","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","August 17, 2018","2.0"
2213,"Productive work place","This is a work place where things get done but it can be very difficult at times depending on the task. Although this is so things still get done by the end of the day.","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2018","3.0"
2214,"Consistent training","The value of consistent training on company systems was a valuable tool for job advancement. Job advancement opportunities from within the company strengthened workplace culture.","Support Analyst","Former Employee","Maryland","August 16, 2018","3.0"
2215,"Productive and energentic place to work","A typical day is working with the computer on all aspects of office work...letters, emails, typing, helping clients either in person or by phone. Was replied on a lot to help maintain business was operating correctly as well as all equipment.","Office Manager","Former Employee","Red Bank, NJ","August 16, 2018","5.0"
2216,"Position eliminated after 6.5 years without a warning?","Management was not very forthcoming in eliminating my position. No warnings at all for a person near retirement age? Where is the compassion and consideration? Gave everything I had and begged for more work, only to be shown the door.","Technical Analyst I","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","August 16, 2018","1.0"
2217,"stupid bank","god. they still use mainframes. and case insensitive passwords. i guess if they didn't get money from the federal reserve this would be an unsustainable business model.","Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2018","1.0"
2218,"Great working environment","I really liked working at this bank and worked there for 21 years. I left for an increase in pay but the job did not work out. I would go back to this bank if there is an opening for my qualifications.","OPERATIONS MANAGER","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","August 16, 2018","5.0"
2219,"Great job...but","I loved my job with this bank, but was unfortunately displaced after 27 years of employment after an acquisition. They were not helpful at finding me a new opportunity within the company.","Field Services Workforce Coordinator","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 16, 2018","4.0"
2220,"Wonderful, upbeat place to work."," this bank is a great place to grow. There are many opportunities. Management focuses on each person's growth on an individual basis. this bank appreciates it's employees. this bank defiantly makes sure their employees are comfortable with their work, and also provides many tools for success, as well as live support.","Business Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Michigan","August 16, 2018","5.0"
2221,"Excellent place to work for","Typical day was steady Friday's were fast paced. Great management to work for. Professional environment and enjoyed meeting and taking care of my clients. The hardest part of the job not being able to help every customer. Great hours for family.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
2222,"Great Work environment","A typical day consists of reviewing credit, and reviewing income documents to insure I have everything I need to have the underwriter review and decision the application. I was able to work at home two days a week and I like my team. The hardest part of the job is making sure I look/verify as many deals to completion to maintain department goals because you can't control what documents you receive even if I clearly noted what I was looking for. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to work independently and having the option to work at home.","UNDERWRITING ANALYST SENIOR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","4.0"
2223,"Excellent place to work","Great place to work! Staff and employees are the best. Family oriented company. Tuition reimbursement program, volunteerism is encouraged. Plenty of opportunities to advance to other positions.","Sales Service Specialist","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
2224,"Every day you learn something new"," this bank has treated me well for 5 years! There are always opportunities to advance within the company. You do have to built for the job as you will deal with customers money. Some conversations will be difficult, some you have made a friend by the end of the call. this bank has paid well enough to take care of my bills even when I was part time, still in college. The customer care center is a great place to work!","Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 15, 2018","4.0"
2225,"this bank Retail"," this bank has mixed review. From what I witnessed. It depends on what area you work in to your happiness. My side has been mostly retail. I would not recommend retail. I am not sure if the upper level management in our region even understands how a team environment works. I believe they are the main issue.","Branch Manager II AVP","Former Employee","Cornelius, NC","August 15, 2018","1.0"
2226,"receiving monthly bonuses for required stats","A day in the life of this bank consisted of taking approximately 50-75 calls a day, also having a meeting once a day with your manager. fasted paced work environment. The hardest part of the job was servicing escalated calls. There were times when contests got you different incentives and also received bonuses for work well done, which was the most enjoyable part of the job.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2018","5.0"
2227,"They are fine","Company was good. Vacation time was good. Very comparable to other banks in the area. They seem to be a few steps behind when it comes to its competitors and the processes that they use.","Branch Service and Sales Administrator","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 15, 2018","3.0"
2228,"Great to work for"," this bank is a great company to work for. Conservative bank. Main issue being products are not very competitive. Customers/clients can usually find better deals elsewhere.","Inbound Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2018","4.0"
2229,"good company, unreasonable expectations","the benefits offered, flexibility, and direct supervisors are all great, very nice work environment and location. Very career advancement focused. The downside would be the expectations placed by upper management and the customers themselves. In general people don't call a call center because everything is ok, and the expectation for volume of calls taken and time spent taking calls was absurd.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 14, 2018","3.0"
2230,"Learning experience in a variety of jobs","Customer Service - meeting customer needs. Variety of jobs: Experience. Opportunity to grow in the company. Learning experience in finances, loans, checking and savings accounts, IRA's, Investments and more","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 14, 2018","4.0"
2231,"hard to get ahead","Personally, my job is very stressful in a fast paced environment with very little consistency in work load. Department management is very good. I have learned a lot about a number of bank products from this job. The workplace culture is pretty good as far as teamwork is concerned but many people do not like the job itself.","Customer Service Rep Specialist Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2018","4.0"
2232,"Great company","Love working for this bank.. Pay is lower end due to using Pittsburgh standards (I worked remotely) but great organization. Working was simple.. Log on and do the work assigned.. Culture was solid... no micromanagement of any sort.. Great overall.","IT Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2018","5.0"
2233,"Challenging and rewarding","Data entry clerk was a 3rd shift job which was the hardest part of the job. I didn't mind the long sitting times and starring at the computer to key in the information.","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 13, 2018","5.0"
2234,"Good place to work."," this bank was very competitive in its price on all products. Focused on only a few industry types which limited its revenue stream. Works well as a team and immediate supervisor was always accessible.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","August 12, 2018","4.0"
2235,"Great work-life balance, backwards IT department","Depending on your department, your experience may vary. this bank has incredible work-life balance. I rarely work an hour over 40 hours per week, and work-from-home was pretty flexible. Vacation policies are reasonable. However, this bank develops software as if it is 1990. Do not go work for this bank if you want to work on anything cutting-edge. Attempts to advise management and change the IT culture are ineffective -- no amount of APIFests is going to fix the fundamental problems with IT dinosaurs making enterprise-level decisions. Pay is mediocre, but somewhat compensated for by the great work-life balance.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 11, 2018","3.0"
2236,"Excellent Place to wrk","Loved working here, was able to put my degree to work immediately and was offer a higher salary prior to graduation based solely on education. healthy competitions between departments. team building exercises knew how to make working there a fun friendly yet professional environment.","Lead Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2018","5.0"
2237,"this bank","Not my favorite place to work. I did work part-time so I didn't get very many benefits. In my training class I was the only part time person there. Being part time I never had to be in charge of the ATM","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 10, 2018","4.0"
2238,"Enjoy working with a diversity of clients","I enjoyed my 5 years with this bank and learned so much, much recommended. If I didn't moved home location, I would of continue with this bank. Made a lot of friends and have a lot of references from all of the branch managers.","Personal Banker III","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","August 9, 2018","5.0"
2239,"meh","management sucks, but this job is what you make it with incentives.Flexible Hours, and often there are raises. Do not mistake their push for sales goals for an interest in your career advancement","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Baltimore County, MD","August 9, 2018","4.0"
2240,"fun place to work","a typical work day, you get here open the branch everyone gets settled, we have a daily morning meeting, ive learned a lot that benefits you not only at this bank but else where","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE REP","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","August 9, 2018","5.0"
2241,"Good place to work","It is a good place to work and a place that you can retire from. It takes a while to get familiar with the culture, but once you do, it flows well. The work life balance is a huge part of their culture.","APPLICATION DEVELOPER LEAD","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2018","4.0"
2242,"overall great no advancement though","overall great no advancement though. retail is great, but unless you live in corporate office area then there are no advancement opportunitites but retail and everyone is fighting for those","BSSA II","Current Employee","Orlando, FL","August 8, 2018","4.0"
2243,"Great place to work but has a tendency to establish guilt by association","During my time there I was seemingly being groomed for a FT requisition. Once it was evident the 'Application Manager' determined I was aligned with a 'Troubled' employee, I was 'lumped' in with that employee and after being extended 3 times on a contract, and told there was a requisition for which I was earmarked, ultimately my contract was ended due to 'budget'.","Technical Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 8, 2018","4.0"
2244,"wonderful","Very good company to work for in banking. The company takes good care of the employees. The company is great if you want to advance in the company. the management is very good, the training is good. the company advocated for its employees and makes you feel good about working for them.","Teller","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","August 8, 2018","5.0"
2245,"Review Summary"," this bank Investments was a great place to work. Great culture however we were limited in how we could help clients. My managers were great but their power to make decisions was very limited. It was definitely a place that gave you the tools to succeed if you wanted to put in the work.","Investment Service Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","August 8, 2018","4.0"
2246,"easy room to grow","If you go in and do your job, they will easily move you up. They say you have to wait a year; but I moved up in 6 months, and again in another 6 months. Being at a call center can be stressful, especially inn a banking environment where people blame you for them not having money. Just smile and wave until the end of your shift and until you can get in a role where you do not have to be in front of customers.","Digital Chat and Email Associate","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 8, 2018","4.0"
2247,"Ups and downs","There is not much appreciation for customer service employees. If you are looking for a place where you can Advance, this may not be the place if you do not have a schedule that accommodates your work and home life. You will see people come in after you and get placed in your desired shift. The way to survive at this company is to become friends with management and hang out and party. On other hand there are lots of carry-ins and if you work full time you do get great benefits","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 8, 2018","3.0"
2248,"caught up in DOJ ruling for licensing","I am currently updating my resume as I am now employed at Huntington Bank in Fishers, IN. this bank required their licensed bankers to have series 65 to maintain their jobs back in 2015, when I failed to pass it I was out of a job. I worked at 5/3 for 24 months doing same thing then they interpreted DOJ law differently in 2017 and stopped paying commission basically , so now at Huntington where I can still utilize my investment license in a banking arena.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Anderson IN","August 8, 2018","5.0"
2249,"Emotionally Exhausting","If you get hired as a teller you will be very prepared to start your job. The training is amazing and they do not let you on your own until you feel prepared. Very high sales goals which are stressful. Also management was AWFUL. Felt like being in high school and I was not in the cool kid crowd. Pay Is good, vacation days are nice too. If you like high stressful sales goals, and feeling belittled every day this is the job for you!","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 7, 2018","2.0"
