450,"This company genuinely appreciate there employees ","I was let go from my previous job due to COVID. BUT where doors CLOSE others open. This is THE BEST JOB I HAVE EVER HAD. I LOVE this bank I would recommend this job to everyone. ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","New Braunfels, TX","April 22, 2021","5.0"
451,"Good ","It's very comfortable and they work with you. Benefits are good. Started as a part timer but was offered full-time within the first three days. Good point","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Kearny, NJ","April 21, 2021","4.0"
452,"Overall, great company","Great company, always room to grow your career. Management has always treated me with respect. this bank has great health benefits and additional perks and benefits with other companies. ","Credit Card Fraud Analyst","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2021","5.0"
453,"Not great ","The training for this job wasn't good at all. Almost two years later and I don't know everything. They are starting to nit pick about everything these days. Pay is too low for what we have to deal with daily.","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Remote","April 19, 2021","2.0"
454,"Poor Work Life Balance","Poor training and work life balance. Direct management is great, but Sr. Management expects the impossible. Systems are out of date and many glitches, bugs.","Mortgage Underwriter","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 19, 2021","3.0"
455,"Good Work Life Balance"," this bank is a decent place to work. There are many people who have been there for years and it can occasionally be difficult to drive change. The effectiveness of management and your personal career development are dependent on your department. ","Compliance Program Specialist Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 16, 2021","4.0"
456,"Okay company ","It's a lot of different things that's could be better within the company. It's like any other job you gone have the good and the bad. The thing is just learn while your here and better your everyday work skills. Be true to yourself and customers so that you can be the best you. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Clinton, MD","April 15, 2021","2.0"
457,"Good work life balance ","Good company to work for good work life balance. Management listens to your opinions. Great benefits just would like more opportunity to more up within my career passion.","Learning Facilitator","Current Employee","Remote","April 12, 2021","3.0"
458,"Great pay but unethical company","I personally would not recommend working in the Birmingham area. The management is awful, the training is ever lasting and who would extend hours during a pandemic? They will reel you and spit you back out as fast as you came in. I did not feel welcomed at all upon employment with this company. I would generally go to work depressed and leave depressed. Please do not expect to make friends, everyone is for themselves. ","Part time teller","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","April 11, 2021","1.0"
459,"Fun place to work ","Loved my team and Customs. It was easy to work as I had a great team and I loved my customer's. Plus it was close to my home. Which made it good for me","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Palm Coast, FL","April 9, 2021","5.0"
460,"Great for those starting a career","As a branch operations specialist at a universal branch it was a pain. My manager often did not want to assist with anything so I was mainly running the branch. I was working long days and often received overtime. The compensation wasn't worth it","Branch Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","April 8, 2021","3.0"
461,"Good People","Huge Company that sometimes has a small company feel due to the great people. Great place to grow a career at the lower levels. The bureaucracy and never-ending meetings to get things done can sometimes be frustrating. ","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2021","4.0"
462,"Alright","Work life balance sucks pay is alright but should get paid more. The managers are alright. The company needs to give everyone a shot at moving into a position they want.","Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","April 6, 2021","3.0"
463,"Low Motivation","Depends highly on the location you are in but if in a low traffic branch the days will drag on and much of the enjoyment of the job is from relationships with coworkers","Teller","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","April 5, 2021","4.0"
464,"Great hours, great pay. ","I am more of an on my own employee. I hit every goal, every time, but was very overlooked. I felt mistreated but kept it to myself. All in all, have thick skin and it's a great job.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","April 5, 2021","3.0"
465,"Smoke & Mirrors ","My experience may be a bit different because I started during a pandemic and was treated fairly but the circumstances set me up for failure in the long run. I didn't have the best management but my team was amazing. Once the branch fell below their little red line, you really started to see you were a number, a worker bee (nicely putting it). Management would become intentionally intimidating and even threatening, implying our jobs were at stake. The morale of my particular branch became so intense and toxic that myself and two others (out of 4 bankers) left. The hours at my location were 8-6 and Saturday's 9-2 and it made my work life balance almost unbearable. My time there was definitely rewarding as far as what I learned and will be able to build from but extremely difficult and hard to please upper management. They will run you ragged and expect the impossible all while putting on a smile wondering why you feel the way you do. This is a great position for someone starting out but I would do my time and go. this bank sells you sunshine and rainbows only to give you extreme stress and expectations that are almost impossible for even the most experienced banker to achieve. Pay was decent, hours are not good if you are looking for work life and family balance. My team of coworkers were the best but management definitely needs a ton of work. ","Branch Banker II","Former Employee","Alabama","March 31, 2021","2.0"
466,"Productive and fun workplace ","Laid back job with good compensation. Easy to balance work and family. Management was great and understanding. Hours were decent. Easy to get time off","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 30, 2021","5.0"
467,"Poor management ","Poor management, years of service does not mean anything, you are just a number. Branch was not adequately staffed. You may be the only one on teller line working, no one else even in the lobby. Very unsafe management would take 2 - 3 hours for lunch to get nails done, pedicure, teeth whitened, or hair done. No structure. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Gastonia, NC","March 28, 2021","1.0"
468,"Stay away from AML Dept","No work life balance. Sr. management is doing a terrible job of getting a handle on the workflow, retaining talented, productive workers who are producing quality work. Complaints to HR are a waste of time. Very little chance of career advancement unless you are located near the Pittsburgh headquarters. Other departments might be better, but I'm only referring to the AML Dept.. Goals are very difficult to achieve as the bar is set so high. Very little to no praise for doing good work. Management doesn't take an interest in your personal well being. No camaraderie among team or should I say there are cliques.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","North Carolina","March 25, 2021","1.0"
469,"It's ok ","It's an ok place to work. There is room for growth. The hours are not to great. It's a mixed culture. Working downtown can be expensive because of parking ","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 25, 2021","3.0"
470,"Great company. Some politics.","Love the company. Middle managers not so much. Great benefits, top management tries hard to do the right thing. A lot of middle managers leave a lot to be desired.","Assistant Vice President/Audit Senior Information Technology","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2021","5.0"
471,"Love it","9 years, love my coworkers and job. Very team oriented and treats employees well. Great benefits and time off. Love my bankers hours and holidays!!!!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Kentucky","March 24, 2021","5.0"
472,"Teller","Wonderful place to work! Great benefits and pay. Team friendly environment. Witnessed many people advance from the teller position. Sales goals are high is the only drawback. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Saginaw, MI","March 24, 2021","5.0"
473,"Not All Bad","It's a decent place to work to get your foot in the door to the financial world. Typical corporate bank that has heavy sales goals. They have decided to close my branch and have no place for me to go, so I was forced to resign","BBA","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","March 24, 2021","3.0"
474,"Decent learning environment and stepping stone"," this bank Business Credit was a fun group of young professionals particularly in the Field Exam group, but isn't a career that you'd want to remain in for very long (as many people try to advance after a year or two).","Field Examiner","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","March 23, 2021","4.0"
475,"Be Careful About Working Here","Overall, a stressful company to work for. They have an inclusive corporate company culture, however that does not necessarily translate at the local level sometimes. this bank has good retirement benefits, 401k and pension are matched, but that's it pretty much aside from that. High deductible healthcare plan, aggressive sales tactics. If you are not making enough in sales, they push you to do more. If you make their requested numbers in sales, they push you to do double. When","Part Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","March 22, 2021","1.0"
476,"No real advancement opportunities.","The harder you work and the more you succeed, the more they want to keep you where you are for the same pay rate. It's universal throughout the company. If you don't go into their weird management training program out of college you have no real shot at advancement here. Coming from a top performer in the Consumer Loans department for 4 years I can tell you, the ceiling is definitely not glass. Where they hire you is where they want to keep you. If that doesn't work for you, well, you're more than expendable to them.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 21, 2021","2.0"
477,"Interesting Workplace","The Benefits are great.They barely give raises.Tellers are forced to make sales but don't get compensation for the sales. Instead they add it to your salary.","Teller","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 21, 2021","3.0"
478,"Decent","I was with the company for a long time. From the beginning to the end was a dramatic change. When I started there was a great work life balance and you only worked 5 days a week with regular Saturdays off. At the end you worked every day, but Sunday and getting a Saturday off it was very difficult. You also had to schedule all vacation and PTO in January. So if you needed a last minute doctor appointment, or family conflict later in the year, you had to request to move your days around. Which, might not be approved if someone else requested it off. There was very little room for advancement, even with a decent turn over. Upper management expects tip-top sales. You need to be at the utmost top of the list and you need to harass customers constantly for more sales. You're expected to make a product recommendation to every customer every time. This wouldn't be so bad, except the same customers come in all the time. Eventually, they get really frustrated and annoyed and stop coming in. Then, you're expected to make sales calls and stay late to call customers and ask them to come in for appointments, even to the point of harassment. A system generated list appears and you must contact everyone on the list, even you just called them two weeks ago. ","Teller","Former Employee","Cambridge, OH","March 20, 2021","3.0"
479,"Decent Job","Its working a bank. lots of customer service, so if thats your thing, then this is the job for you. the other thing you may not be told or realize is this bank requires you to be a salesperson. They will play it off like they are helping customers, but they just reward people who churn out numbers. credit cards, loans. The idea is to get as many as possible. if you don't meet your goals because your clientele is declined repeatedly or can't afford loans and credit card debt, it isn't taken into consideration. Just the results are. It is a good company to work for. fantastic benefits. just very sales oriented and that isn't stressed during the hiring process. ","teller","Current Employee","Beavercreek, OH","March 19, 2021","3.0"
480,"Not a lot of advancement","Although there are plenty of opportunities within the company it is harder for some positions to move up without starting all over with that positions base pay. If you need a manager for a customer forget it. They are very busy all the time you would most likely have to let them know they will receive a call back. Makes unhappy customers even more frustrated.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Virtual","March 17, 2021","2.0"
481,"inclusive work environment with supportive management"," this bank is all about work, life, balance. They value your work ethic and challenge you to do better everyday so you can advance and achieve your goals. They offer competitive pay rates and a great benefits package including 401k matching and generous PTO with paid holidays. With that being said, they do expect you to earn those benefits. There are sales goals to meet and that can be challenging with the other tasks you are expected to complete throughout the day (Such as answering the phone, balancing a drawer, holding appointments, & various office tasks). Ensuring the customer's financial wellbeing is sound is their main focus and some customers do not wish to listen when you offer the advice or product. Must be able to take the criticism that customers may give in a professional manner.","Teller","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, PA","March 17, 2021","5.0"
482,"Great work/life balance but the pay isn't the greatest","Great company to work for. Great department and team members but they pay is not the greatest. Worked for the company for over 5 years and embarrassed to say how much I made annually. Great benefits and work from home opportunities which is always great. The CEO is great and they try to maintain an inclusive culture. Management in my department was great but I can't speak for other departments. It just comes down to the pay which really sucks (at least for my department). Oh, they also offer tuition reimbursement and training/certifications such as six sigma which you can take with you if you ever leave. ","HR","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 17, 2021","3.0"
483,"Depends on your manager","Depends on the manager, but not all bad. I hated the push sales culture.if you like sales it's the place for you. If you don't than you should move on.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 16, 2021","4.0"
484,"Low pay","Low pay for a lot of work that they want you to do and getting promoted is super hard. You have to kiss a lot of behinds to even be considered not hired ","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 13, 2021","3.0"
485,"not a good place to work","not a fun place to work at. bad management. superiors do not care about you at all. Can't wait to get out at this point. Limited opportunity to change departments and even if you do, it takes months to complete the process. While waiting to move, you'll likely be burned out","Banker","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","March 13, 2021","1.0"
486,"It was a job","It's an ok company, very difficult to advance within. The pay is average but you are micromanaged everyday on this job and treated like you are in high school.","Detection and investigation analyst","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 13, 2021","3.0"
487,"AML full of aggressively mediocre racists","No matter how well you perform, if mgt doesn't like you, they will 'manage you out of this bank' as management calls it. During Black History Month 2019, received an email for an improvement meeting titled Make AML Great Again. I think that says it all.","AML Detection and Investigations Associate II","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","March 12, 2021","1.0"
488,"Horrible Place To Work","Management will not back operations. Loan Officers have senior management wrapped around their fingers. Don't waste your time or experience with this company.","Mortgage Operation Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 11, 2021","1.0"
489,"Work","Great opportunity enjoy the work here.. a lot of growth opportunities and like he's passing up good call center jobs where he can work from home making 14 or 15 for this job ","Banker","Current Employee","Utah","March 10, 2021","4.0"
490,"Average","If you like talking to people and helping reset their passwords, or get fees reward by all means apply for this company. But if you do not like talking to people that are not willing to help themselves you will not like this jobs.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Macon, GA","March 10, 2021","2.0"
491,"Good customer service experience ","Overall it was a good customer service experience, but it is still retail. Location of the branch may vary the reviews. Location I was at was often very busy, half the customers were rude, and some of my coworkers would openly talk about politics and talk negatively about social issues in the workplace which I always found to be unprofessional and uncomfortable. At the same time, coworkers were helpful and knowledgeable. Training team was nice and manager did all she could to help me progress. If you don't want to stay in retail or customer service, stay away. Time off worked on a seniority basis, didn't matter if you put it in months ahead. If someone who's worked at the location longer than you, they get to choose PTO before you. Have to work weekends. this bank was amazing with COVID pay on the other hand. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Withamsville, OH","March 10, 2021","3.0"
492,"Productive, Fun depends on your TL, Busy ","I do not feel the same about this bank. As I use to. 1. The biggest reason is *No Merit Increase* you want to work a person in three different departments, and No increase. You can do that to others, that may say *Well okay I will accept that* but others will not accept it. I have been through a couple of Acquisitions, with former companies, and my pay actually went up! Not stay the same! No, at this bank. This year there is no pay increase* seems it fell right in line with the Acquisition that just happened. 2. I was on a Team that had no morale. Some had no drive to want to have fun, the TL did not push fun, was dry, and really did not do much. Was behind the scenes hiding, only gave recognition to whom she knew the longest. Some Agents had terrible attitudes, but this could have came from the energy from the TL. 3. The OLD systems we work off of are horrible, too many steps to do anything, this bank took too long to get innovative with their systems *and you have ridiculous Merits to meet* QA is not consistent, some TL's you have to pull teeth to get them to dispute a SET score, some TL's do not acknowledge each Agent for good work. 4. I did not want to go by the career reviews for this bank. But they sure were true. It also seems like greed toke over, and after the acquisition *it was we have to think about this bank pockets.* 5. Some Agents be like *At least you have a job* as if this bank is the only place to work. ","Customer Service and Support Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 5, 2021","3.0"
493,"I enjoy working for this bank. "," this bank is very flexible and works with me when needing time off. The work is easy and rewarding..I meet new people everyday..I am paid well for my job duties.","FT Teller","Current Employee","White Haven, PA","March 5, 2021","5.0"
494,"Great place to work and retire","I love everything about my job. I know exactly how I effect our clients and what role I play within our position. There are times where the team can get so busy that no one can assist you, but you have a nice window to complete your work.","Operations Analyst I","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 4, 2021","4.0"
495,"Great pay, great benefits","The pay is great and the benefits are a definite plus. Fast pace environment, room for growth. Paid time off. ","Mortgage Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 3, 2021","4.0"
496,"Great Job","I really enjoyed working for this bank! Its a great company and their job work/Life balance is AWESOME. I recommend you work for this bank and make it a Career.","Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Remote","March 3, 2021","5.0"
497,"Support and Resources","High call volume, helping customers with their financial inquiries and technical issues with this bank's app and website. Management is friendly and supportive. Workplace culture was good, everyone seems to be friendly and willing to help each other. The hardest part of the job was making customers happy when they are calling about fees, overdrafts, and disputes. The most enjoyable part of the job was making customers happy after you've helped solved their issue.","Customer Service Representative II","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","March 3, 2021","4.0"
498,"Good company"," this bank is a good company to work for. I get paid well and have never had any true issues. Make sure you are open to coaching because they really do love to coach people. ","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 2, 2021","5.0"
499,"Overall good","I previously worked in banking and loved it but this was totally different working from home. I felt like it was way too much information for you to know. They had recently took away tier 1 and tier 2 call handling and made it just us that knows all the information and it was tough. The pay was good but the amount of information was too much.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","February 25, 2021","4.0"
