2700,"Productive & fun workplace"," this bank has always provided me with a good challenge. I like to keep busy and I like to know that I am doing good work on behalf of customers. I have been employed with this bank for almost 7 years and have enjoyed every moment. I have also enjoyed learning new things. I am currently looking for new employment due to life style changes at home & sadly the hours that I am currently looking to work I can not work at the branch. I love my coworkers and my customers, I would recommend others to apply/work at this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Waterford, MI","March 8, 2018","5.0"
2701,"Terrible Management","The job isn't that bad there's just a lot to know and learn but I feel my experience at this bank has been tainted because of a poor manager. It can definitely be a high stress job due to the many things that you must look out for and the people you encounter. However, the pace, stress level, and atmosphere of the branch depends on the location. I've worked at a branch where they see a hand full of customers for the entire 8 hours and I've worked in a branch, such as mine, that can be very busy and almost everyone has a problem. You are expected to provide a very high level of service to customers and you must show up at 110% to work everyday. A good experience to have and a great resume builder but not for everyone.","Teller","Current Employee","Ravenna, OH","March 7, 2018","3.0"
2702,"Fast paced organization","Project was beyond deadline prior to start date, thus making the entire project stressful. Project Business PMO was not organized for this particular project in a fashion that would lend assistance to a Consultant coming in to 'save the day'.","Consultant","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2018","4.0"
2703,"Great co-workers, very unorganized","Co-workers at this bank are a lot of fun to work with, however the management and organization in the call center is terrible. I have had 3 different team leads (supervisor) within 2 months time. People cannot keep the job, and the culture at this bank is toxic. Everyone is really stressed out, team leaders are incredibly demanding and sporadic. You will deal with a lot of difficult and angry customers. About 20% of your call load are customers that are willing to yell to get what they want, and you cannot help them as much as other banks. this bank has a lot of restrictions and policies, hardly any leniency in the call center position. Pay is decent, however advancement is very limited for the amount of employees they have. You have to be a superstar to go anywhere. Pack a lunch, because there lunch bars are incredibly expensive and close 2 hours into your shift if you work 2nd shift.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","March 7, 2018","2.0"
2704,"productive and fun work place","A typical day at this bankBank was usually busy but fun at the same time. I enjoyed my co workers, management and the customers. I learned that if you want to move ahead in life you have to work for it. The hardest part of this bank was trying to sell products at the teller windows. It was possible but time limits you. Other customers wanted to do their banking and leave. I enjoyed it because we would always have snacks and goodies at our windows.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2018","4.0"
2705,"Its a job","Sales sales sales or how this bank puts it solutions to our customers financial needs. Be ready to have responses when customers say no and when they say no a second time be ready to overcome that no too. Management plays favorites and also does not lead by example. This job will pay your bills. If your personality is not liked you will be sure to know","Teller","Former Employee","Michigan","March 7, 2018","1.0"
2706,"Overwhelminglu stressful","No support/training from management. Unwillingness to hear opinions or implement change. Unfair and unobtainable expectations. Responsible for multiple department's work and no compensation","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 7, 2018","3.0"
2707,"N/a","I Don't have an opinion of company. I do believe that they could improve on the salary as to the amount of work expected of us daily. I don't have any other complaints","Service and Sales Financial Banker","Current Employee","Temple Hills, MD","March 7, 2018","3.0"
2708,"trading spec","Busy in trading group. Great place to work . Have been here 10 years and they are good to their employees. My team is a good group of people who work very hard.","SENIOR OPERATIONS ANALYST","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2018","5.0"
2709,"Overall Great Company"," this bank is a Great company for Job Seekers who have experience in Banking and Technology would be a great asset to this bank. This company feels fairly new and does not have solid processes as of yet. This is ideal with candidates with Senior Experience","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2018","5.0"
2710,"I enjoy being a Financial Advisor","My days consisted of working closely with my bank partners. One on one coaching around how to recognize an opportunity for a bank client to meet with me for a consultation. Management was very hands on and supportive and wanted the advisors to be successful. The hardest part of the job was to keep my bank partners focused and motivated. Once I received a qualified referral, I truly enjoyed understanding and learning about the client's financial circumstances and needs. I looked forward to educating clients about different investment products and why what I proposed made the most sense based on their individual financial position..","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Montvale, NJ","March 6, 2018","3.0"
2711,"Could be better","Work life balance is completely off, salary should be higher as well. If you don't want to sell don't do it to yourself, you will get coached until the day you quit.","Universal Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","March 6, 2018","5.0"
2712,"Bad culture","The culture took a dramatic shift to a sales first organization with little concern for employees or customers. I understand sales are what keep the doors open but should not come a the expense of the employees or clients","Manager","Former Employee","Cincinatti, OH","March 6, 2018","3.0"
2713,"Not a bad entry job","not a bad place to start, great training is provided but the pay is super minimal and raises are far and few in between. depending on your region, there is great involvement from the higher-ups.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Grandville, MI","March 6, 2018","4.0"
2714,"educational place to work","I managed a branch of 8 employees. my goals were set high, I found this job to be rewarding if you made your goals. in which I did every month. The bonus are very rewarding also.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 6, 2018","5.0"
2715,"Was good when I started","Then there were constant management changes and reorgs which caused an atmosphere of fear and confusion. I was in technology and worked a lot with other areas and some were good, but a lot were like mine.","Senior Technology Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2018","2.0"
2716,"They have some work to do in some markets.","- Continuous flow of clients made it easy to obtain revenue. - Stressful interactions in the lobby because large influx of clients. - Employees worked in a very individualistic manner. - I learned that the hardest part about a job is not the task at hand. It can be the people that you work with. - The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing how many lives I was able to change for the positive. I don't mind giving financial help/advice to anyone who is in need. - No employee culture. Individualistic. - Leadership eluded all confrontation, problems not solved.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Florida","March 6, 2018","3.0"
2717,"Training is a self study nightmare","Peers are friendly, management is open to conversations with employees. I started at this bank and the training program is ineffective. Four different facilitators in four weeks, no consistency in work materials and 'the new training system is coming' which doesn't benefit those in a broken training environment. There is very little practical training on how to use systems and process banking requests. Overall it would be just an average 3/5 because they do offer competitive salaries and some pretty decent benefits, but the frustration at dealing with poor training cannot be ignored. There are some questionable wage and hour practices as well, requiring employees to be present and logged in and 'caught up' on system process and procedures while not on paid time.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Columbus OH","March 6, 2018","3.0"
2718,"Great place to work","Take payments from Borrowers and apply to accounts. Send out letters to Borrower for documents needed. Called attorney to see if borrower can be put on payment plan and up date attorney on account. Talked to borrowers to give up date on loan and answer any questions they might have.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 5, 2018","4.0"
2719,"Very friendly work enviornment"," this bank is an amazing company that looks out for their employees. They make sure that we have the right equipment for our jobs and are always looking for feedback from employees to further improve the company as a whole. The work days can be fast paced based on the clientele for that particular business day. I've learned a lot from this position that I know I can utilize at other jobs as well. The hardest part of the job is trying to work fast but accurate. My coworkers would have to be the best part of the job. We are all like a family.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","March 5, 2018","5.0"
2720,"it was really nice","i had a great time working for this company. i learned a lot of new things and great work environment. Overall I would recommend this job to anyone because of the room for growth","Business Solutions Analyst","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 5, 2018","4.0"
2721,"As exciting as a bank can be","Dailly interaction with customers, driving sales and understanding products. Very good management process in a very conservative environment. While at times pushing products stressed the working environment, facilitating people with their financial needs provided a satisfying workplace.","Marketing Representative","Former Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","March 5, 2018","4.0"
2722,"Good Company to Work For","The company itself is great. I do not have a negative thing to say about the comapny, or my original management team. My department was split up and I was one of the unfortunate ones to get a green horn manager. There was little to no direction given to her, she made it next to impossible to do our jobs, she got rid of a lot of people to bring passed employees from her old place of employment in, she cause 4 long term employees to either quit or get fired. bottom line.... We as employees were not protected from the new management style and were told to shape to her standard (which was very low) or ship out.","Quality Assurance Associate","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","March 4, 2018","4.0"
2723,"Excellent work/life balance","Great place to work.Great co-workers and management team. Excellent benefit package. Many bank branches thruout thecounty. Average career advancement.","Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","Patrick Afb, FL","March 4, 2018","4.0"
2724,"Enjoyed it","I got out of my comfort zone of the restaurant business and enjoyed the challenge of banking hospitality. It helped really refine my conflict resolution skills.","Business Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 3, 2018","5.0"
2725,"Good place to work."," this bank is a good company with great benefits and offers a very good work life balance. Great company for a person with a family as there are many options availale to assist.","Chief Financial Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2018","5.0"
2726,"They practically through money, but very stressful and not for weak of heart","Its a great job to start out with and they allow you to branch out after 6 months of being a standard consultant job, but it just so hard to get through the day sometimes and keep to their expectations with low call times everyday or good quality","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 2, 2018","4.0"
2727,"this bank Experience","Company overall is good but do not pay competitively. My last manager was the worst I have ever had in my life. Unorganized, unprofessional and in experienced.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Wayne, NJ","March 2, 2018","4.0"
2728,"Good place to learn - hard to advance","While this is a great job to learn different skills I feel as if too many different tasks were given, and there was not enough training on individual products. The phrase 'Jack of all trades, master of none' is well suited for this position. Having a specific area of expertise would be more beneficial for achieving success and meeting goals. A bit too much being pulled in different directions and not given ample time to fully succeed at sales","Universal Banker - Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","March 2, 2018","4.0"
2729,"Okay Place to Work","The folks have been good for the most part, but I'm just looking to change roles. this bank as a whole has treated me okay. The whole things is right down the center of the line. Nothing special.","Sr","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 2, 2018","3.0"
2730,"Good Place","Could have been better but good place to work my experience wasn't at all the best but the people who work there are great the environment is great and it is a good job that pays decently but not enough for the amount of work you actually do.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","March 1, 2018","4.0"
2731,"Upbeat Call Center","I've never done retail banking prior to joining this bank, but I've learned a lot in regards to the products and the the demographics of the customer who use the products.","Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 1, 2018","4.0"
2732,"Avoid at all cost!","Working for this bank feelt like a punishment. They expect a lot for very little pay. Branches are run on fumes and they expected you to deliver great service and sell. Management was ineffective beyond words, too busy creating endless action plans...The rot definitely set in from the top. People were fleeing in droves. The new recruits had zero bank experience and nobody had time to train them so loads of errors and bad scores which torpedoed any bonuses. All around bad. The culture is toxic.","Teller","Former Employee","New Orleans, LA","February 28, 2018","1.0"
2733,"Customer Service Savvy","Providing account services to customers by receiving deposits and loan payments, cashing checks, issuing savings withdrawals, recording night deposits, selling cashiers check/money orders, answering questions related to financial well being and other bank services.","Teller","Current Employee","Redford, MI","February 28, 2018","4.0"
2734,"Look somewhere else","Company was good until they acquired bank N. Everything went downhill after that. The PCG group definitely went downhill along with the payout amounts.","AVP Private Client Group","Former Employee","NJ","February 28, 2018","3.0"
2735,"Enjoyable place to work and learn at","I enjoy working for this bank, I have been here for over 2 year and I plan on keep it going. I transfer to a new position which is Project administrator and I really enjoy on what I do.","Technology Department","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","5.0"
2736,"Productive but non-flexible environment.","The work/life balance was an issue. Work schedule and remote was not flexible. Co-Workers were great. We had a collaborative and challenging work place.","NWS Consultant Server Technology","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","5.0"
2737,"your just a number to them","Don't expect to make a career out of your position. They will tell you what the average is for your position but it will take you 4-5 years just to hit that average","Pittsburgh","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","4.0"
2738,"this bank is good if you're passionate about it."," this bank is a very conservative and fair company to work for. I very much enjoyed the interactions I had with my other coworkers and the clientele, on most days. My favorite thing was showing people how to use the alternate forms of banking such as the mobile app or the ATM's. My biggest dislike of the job was how much pressure is put on the employees, even the tellers, to push products and services on the clients. We had sales goals to meet and we HAD to be asking the clients about credit cards, lines of credit, account upgrades and more, even if we see this client multiple times a week.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Rockaway, NJ","February 27, 2018","3.0"
2739,"Corporate culture, but a good one","Job duties and your day to day will differ depending on your department and role in the company. Compensation is fair, with available bonuses for high performance values present to help with additional compensation. Training is comprehensive in most areas and aspects, with a great company culture. Well structured breaks and excellent benefits. Great opportunities for advancement if you have the skills and mindset for customer service and are open to coaching opportunities. Flexible scheduling options, and consistent support on the job is available if needed.","Corporate Manager in Retail Escalations","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 27, 2018","5.0"
2740,"productive and fun","In the U.S., this bank is the fifth largest bank by number of branch offices, sixth largest by deposits, eighth largest by total assets,[2][3] and fourth largest in number of ATMs.","Full Stack Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 27, 2018","5.0"
2741,"Good Corporate Workplace","Solid workplace environment with good work life balance. Managers genuinely cared about employee career development. Not as quick to change as some companies, but a solid place to work.","Assistant Vice President - Sourcing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 27, 2018","4.0"
2742,"Great Schedule","The schedule and location are great. Management tries to engage employees. The work is interesting and benfits are good for part-timers. Enjoyable envrionment","Investigations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2018","4.0"
2743,"producctive place with a lot of politics","a typical day requires you to do a specific job function while helping others complete theres. must be done in a timely manor. management doesn't give new hires the time they need for training and just hope that you will catch on quickly. everything changes almost everyday referring to policy's and procedures. most of the people are nice and occasionally they feed you lunch the pay is ok and there is room for growth only if someone retires or leave.","contractor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 26, 2018","3.0"
2744,"Great place to work and full of advancement"," this bank is a great place to work. If you love numbers and dealing with the public in a customer service atmosphere you will love this job. this bank also offers government holidays paid off.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","North Carolina","February 26, 2018","4.0"
2745,"Good Company"," this bank had a small credit card portfolio that they managed and tried to grow without success, so they sold it to MBNA in an attempt to make a profit.","Credit Analyst II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 25, 2018","3.0"
2746,"Work environment","Opening for bank tellers consisted of safety check with another member of staff. Opening and signing on. Depositing over night drops to business accounts. Daily activity of customers transactions. Helping clients with maintaining their accounts. The hardest part of the job is accuracy. I loved the daily interaction with the clients.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Grandview, OH","February 25, 2018","4.0"
2747,"Wonderful Work Place","One of the best places to work for, great pay and workplace culture is very positive and relaxed. If you enjoy assisting customers then this job is for you.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Portage, MI","February 25, 2018","4.0"
2748,"not the best work place","They sell you a good dream but as time goes on you start you feel like you were told a few lies. Management is the biggest problem they all need management classes.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 25, 2018","1.0"
2749,"Great Place to work.","Company had grown fast in small amount of time. Excellent management, great place to work. Company was in process of being bought out by Washington Mutual Financial","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","February 25, 2018","5.0"
