250,"Good Technology, Poor Pay and Promotion Opportunities ","Stressful, low salaries, poor career advancement opportunities, poor quality management. Technology for employees and customers is good. Usually have good offers and giveaways for customers.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","October 12, 2021","4.0"
251,"Poor management ","Poor management. Horrible growth opportunities. They would rather hire from outside. Employees are just a number. CEO could care less about anything but the almighty dollar. Spent months doing mandatory overtime. ","Loan Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2021","1.0"
252,"Great Place To Work ","Pros:Very stable financial company. Great benefits. Risk averse. Good diversity and inclusion policies. Cons:Slow adoption of new technologies. Heavy change management process.","Technology Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","October 11, 2021","4.0"
253,"Meaningful work, fantastic team. Compensation could definitely be better. Base salary and incentive pay are not as competitive as other places. ","Overall, a solid company to work for. My team does meaningful work for employees across the enterprise. Senior leadership support (several layers above me) can be a challenge. This year has been challenging from a resource perspective. Great flexibility. Could move the needle on pay and not just the $18/hour population. Mid career and senior level professionals need an adjustment too after not necessarily being paid competitively to the market. ","Manager","Current Employee","North Carolina","October 10, 2021","5.0"
254,"better work life balance, old timer culture, dark ages ","It's a good place for hours, bad for diversity and inclusion. Old school mentality, old technology, and unreceptive to new ideas. They hire a lot of ‘diverse' candidates but keep them at bottom of ladder. No transparency on career advancement.Pros are flexible work arrangements and less stressful work, but depending on your manger you could be both stressed and underpaid. ","VP Audit","Former Employee","New York, NY","October 7, 2021","2.0"
255,"Benefits and incentive get worse every year","Used to be great place to work then begets changed to high deductible and incentive got cut even when company itself would tell us how much profit they were making.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 6, 2021","3.0"
256,"Heres the thing, we started out fine","It was cool, it was all divine. When I first started with this bank it seemed like it had a good family feel in the company culture, but four years later it seems like they care less and less about the individual. Decisions are made about departments without anyone knowing what goes on in that department, and you generally find out you've been doing something wrong about a week later because no one bothers to communicate. The lower levels of management are amazing, but the higher ups are so out of touch.","Processing Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2021","3.0"
257,"Can work remote and there is good work life balance. ","I have a great manager which makes all of the difference. My job is not hard because of repetition. I am close to retirement so the opportunities are not there. I have a good team that I work on. No cut throats. ","Software Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","October 5, 2021","4.0"
258,"Constant restructuring","There is a culture of restructuring in the company that can be very tiresome. Endless meetings discussing new ways of doing things are in the way of actually doing those things. It's a revolving door of strategies, people moving around the company. Overall it seemed very chaotic and superficial. Benefits and other stuff like that are generous, I felt supported by management and never ran into any problems in regards to time off. The day to day hugely depends on the immediate team and manager. I had a fantastic one! But it varies greatly based on my conversations with coworkers. At the end of the day I did not feel challenged and fulfilled by what I was doing. And the compensation is below average with no room for negotiation. ","Software Developer","Former Employee","Remote","October 4, 2021","4.0"
259,"No work life balance","There is no work life balance. All u do is work work work work. They are always short staff at every single branch. The pay is so small for the amount of work load you have to do","Teller","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","October 4, 2021","2.0"
260,"Good flexibility"," this bank has great flexibility with working remotely, even pre covid. The organization is large so sometimes it's hard to feel like your work is being noticed. ","Digital Product Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2021","4.0"
261,"Bad management ","Great job. Good people. Terrible benefits. If you don't want to aggressively climb the corporate ladder you are pushed out. Whatever happened to being satisfied where you are ? ","Recruiter","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2021","3.0"
262,"Don't care about employees","All company cares about is how much money they are making. They treat their employees bad and only care if you are reaching your goals. They are very quick to fire people as well.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Tarentum, PA","October 1, 2021","1.0"
263,"It's reasonable ","Can be stressful at times but not a bad place. I worked from home so it can be on the boring tiring side. Stay motivated and you can make the best of it.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","September 29, 2021","3.0"
264,"Hard to get help from management when needed","PTO and benefits were great. Lack of help from management. Training was very long yet inadequate for the role. Very stressful even when working remotely. Too many meetings about 'culture' and not enough time dedicated to answers for actual day-to-day work questions.","Mortgage Loan Processor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","September 29, 2021","3.0"
265,"Very stressful the corporation thinks only for the top corporate people even sales people mean nothing","Management is clueless expect the world from you and give only stress in return. They do not support you and they take away your bonus structure with no notice at all. this bank makes a lot of money for the corporate people but the ones in the face of retail they take away the bonus with no notice. They are very shady with what the tell the employees","Inbound Sales Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 29, 2021","2.0"
266,"doesn't reward ","Tasked to do a ton of work without any sort of quality management concerns. Feels like lack of reward to put additional effort in. People are nice and increase to salary will be good. ","Mentor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 28, 2021","4.0"
267,"Great coworkers, room to move around","Overall, enjoyed my time working for the company. PTO was great, but leadership/managers could use a lot training and development. Remote work was available for some during COVID-19 ","Development Program Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2021","3.0"
268,"Stressful Job","Unrealistic monthly goals, management has no idea what happens on a day to day basis at branches and expect bankers to reach very unrealistic goals. Micromanaging ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 27, 2021","1.0"
269,"Can be very stressful","Grateful to be employed. Overall the customers are nice, they just get a little anxious to get to closing. Can be very stressful & challenging due to high volume pipelines during this epic mortgage low rate period. You have to be very organized & have a lot of patience for internal & external.","Processor","Former Employee","Virtual","September 24, 2021","3.0"
270,"You are expendable ","The best way that I can describe my experience with this bank (while keeping this concise) is by labeling the good, the bad, and the ugly.The Good - Work life balance is great as long as you're not a part of middle management (middle management works constantly the minute that they become exempt). Lots of opportunities to work from home, good family leave policy, and schedules are semi-flexible depending upon which department you work in.The Bad - Pay is low, raises are virtually non-existent, and upper management has no concept of what life is like for people who make less than $100K per year. If you're looking to climb the corporate ladder here, expect cutthroat style competition.The Ugly - Training is TERRIBLE, systems are antiquated, and major changes are often made to products/processes with little notice/explanation and zero employee input. Communication between departments is often hostile and no one wants to take responsibility for problems. Mistakes are made often because many people have no idea what they're doing (through no fault of their own).","Loan Research Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2021","2.0"
271,"Imagine all of the bad/toxic managers you've ever had to work with all working in leadership positions at the same company","You are actively encouraged to saddle individuals with banking products they don't need and if you are not cut-throat enough to sell a drowning man even more debt your other talents will not be appreciated. Aside from that, HR is a complete mess and will not help you with actually bad things (I.e. harassment) and turnover is high because all the wrong people are promoted (but hey, at least they can open 12 different checking accounts for the same person, not everyone can pull blood from a stone). I did learn a lot in a short amount of time but that's really only because I'm self-motivated and a quick-learner; in my first year, my manager ran through literally 4 different new hires because: 1) they personally were very difficult to work for 2) had very high expectations and 3) wanted to put absolutely NO effort into helping to train the new people. I know there are a few good managers that work for this bank, but honestly do yourself a favor and go into this job either knowing you're in it only for the resume experience or that you're okay with being an over glorified ATM that's expected to try to sell a credit card to every person you talk to in a given day. ","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Pennington, NJ","September 22, 2021","1.0"
272,"Not The Best Place To Work","Unattainable goals and not a great culture. Lunch breaks can be really short and expect to work on weekends. Unreasonable sales goals & unreasonable metrics. ","Floating Banker","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","September 21, 2021","4.0"
273,"Ok","Ok place, good culture, poor pay, bad management. Would go back for better pay and maybe different role. Teller lead role is underpaid and underappreciated. ","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Towson, MD","September 18, 2021","3.0"
274,"Great ppl , great staff ","I like how biracial it is, the customer are nice. Management is ' so so' you may. Get some nice higher ups every now and again. The branch I worked for was great Bc we were like a family, never felt like work. The pay is ok for a bank but I should be paid at LEAST 1.00 above my rate due to all the work that Bankers must do , pay = 18.00 ph with bonus if You meet your goals but only if you meet the goals set for you. Benefits are ok I won't complain. Vacation is good. ","Retail Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 18, 2021","4.0"
275,"Stressful and pressure to make sales","Stressful and pressure to make sales over giving the kind of service customers actually want. Terrible salary for someone with a bachelor's degree and in one of the highest cost of living areas in the nation. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbia, MD","September 17, 2021","2.0"
276,"Negative energy","I am a former employee at PC I worked at the Charlestown Road New Albany, IN 47150 location. I was there for a few months and the negativity was enough for me. I was ready to leave after the first month. The women that worked there never smiled and were just down right miserable. The tellers and the management. I don't believe anyone there actually like to help people at all. They took the call blocking very serious. They used it as a second lunch break. You could clearly see them on Facebook or doing online shopping. They would make people wait until they were fully ready to do their job. ","Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","September 15, 2021","2.0"
277,"Just ok","Some days are slow some days are non stop customers from opening to closing. There's times when you are the only teller on duty leaving you with a lobby and drive thru lanes piling up with angry customers.","Teller","Current Employee","Media, PA","September 14, 2021","3.0"
278,"Fun place to work with the right people","Excellent work atmosphere. High sales pressure despite the Wells Fargo scandal. Work hours for management were outrageous, with often six days a week. Mandatory conference calls when sales goals were not met on any day.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Woodbridge, VA","September 13, 2021","3.0"
279,"Many late night and horrible work/life balance","For the TIS (IT) side of the business it's the worst company I've worked for. Too many meetings to get any work done, every team is too silo'd, horrible bureaucracy and processes that make 15 minute jobs take days for approvals with late night changes, and every IT team is very under-staffed for the amount of work needed.","VMware VDI Engineer","Current Employee","Remote","September 12, 2021","2.0"
280,"Loved this bank","I worked for this bank 4 years! I loved working for them, they just do not have much of a good work/life balance. Well they do have vacation time but you have to work a certain amount of time to achieve it when you first start working for them. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 11, 2021","5.0"
281,"Jobs are stressful and the wrong people are praised","Like most jobs, it's quantity over quality. The faster you work, the more praise you get. In my experience, files were pushed through without all the necessary requirements because it's more important to make goal than be correct. If you are a person that takes pride in your work and follows procedure, you are looked at as uncooperative with most parties due to the fact that you won't just move the incomplete file on. Files came to the department I worked in as incomplete and rushed, this caused a lot of stress and re-schedules, and caused me to have to put other work aside for the rushes, only for it not to be able to be finalized. This to me was very frustrating, because it was a waste of time to review the rush file and caused my previous work to become rushed since it was pushed back to accommodate other rush files. Those that fly through their files and have high numbers are praised even if the work is not up to par. Pay is not competitive with other banks, even though this bank is the fifth largest bank, they still refuse to offer a decent pay, especially for the amount of stress the job causes. this bank prides themselves on inclusion and diversity but I did not feel or see that while working here. In my experience, trying to move around in the company is a hassle. I tried to get off the team I was on several times, applying for different positions and was always told they are on a hiring freeze. The only positive I can say is the remote work. Other than that be prepared to be stressed out, over worked and underpaid.","Loan Closing Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 10, 2021","2.0"
282,"I loved working there. ","Everything was a learning experience and I miss the team. I learned a lot of things working for the company and Meg plenty of different ppl. I had a lot of work to do throughout the day, and I enjoyed it. ","Mail and Data Processing Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 9, 2021","5.0"
283,"low pay","In this role low pay good benefits. Typical day at work sitting at your desk the entire time. Competing for available work with co workers work to make numbers. Quality of work is irrelevant just speed.","Loan Closing Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 9, 2021","2.0"
284,"Overall good workplace but management and scheduling improvements needed...","With this bank work life balance, it's important to understand each branch is different according to the manager. Some managers understand that work is work and there is some form of life outside of this bank so they'll stick to the 8 - 5 schedule; however, others do not. There is a lot of scheduling outside of typical 8-5 hours, for example rotating every other Friday until 6:15pm and then Saturdays quarterly. I can count on more hands than two the times I've had to stay late, come in early, or be sent to another branch over 25+ minutes away to help out at a moment's notice just in two months time. These requests disrupt the work-life balance because you basically cannot expect to get to any other commitment (daycare, appointment, etc) on time once you leave the office because you won't leave the office on time. Honestly, if we could get out the door according to schedule, the work-life balance would be great. When it comes to compensation/benefits, there's a lot of murkiness. You're asked to train two to four people and pick up slack in a short staffed branch because you've done such an outstanding job in your current role, but come annual review time your raise will not even be enough to make a noticeable difference. They will keep piling the additional responsibilities on to you but not compensate you for it. I believe my pay check's taxes for one pay period was more than my most recent raise for the whole entire year. This seems a little confusing as usually commended performance is compensated fairly and a 'Meets or Exceeds Expectations' rating should be a valid defense for at least - more...","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","September 8, 2021","2.0"
285,"Culture and system issues","The brand and the management are lacking badly. I was promised things that never panned out. The management is more interested in conference calls and their own compensation.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Illinois","September 8, 2021","3.0"
286,"Former Employee","The company was not bad overall, it was more so the management that was there at the time. The employees themselves were great and really helped each other succeed. Management did not always recognize or value their employees.","CSR Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","September 8, 2021","3.0"
287,"Draining ","The job is very draining and the success stories on advancement are lies when you look up and see you still in same dept years later. The pay is nice but not worth the mental stress","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Florida","September 8, 2021","3.0"
288,"Productive and great workplace","It was good definitely comes with a bunch of pros to it than cons. They are very flexible in case an emergency happens or right after a certain life event .","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","September 4, 2021","4.0"
289,"The worst bank to work for","I worked here for less than 3 months. Management is terrible, with little to no support and they expect you to train, hit your goals, and do daily outbound calls all in 1-2 months and show numbers or else they threaten your job security. Mind you training takes up almost 1.5 months and most of your day. Pay is acceptable but it doesn't go up much from there and you're subject to only a few other career options within the company.","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Township of Warren, NJ","September 3, 2021","1.0"
290,"Boring and unchallenging workplace ","I worked for this bank for almost two years and had three different positions (and seven different bosses) during my tenure. The work was customer service-based and extremely boring when it wasn't soul crushing. The underwriter job posting was also extremely misleading and I was severely underpaid. ","Senior Underwriter","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 2, 2021","2.0"
291,"Innovative bank, customer focused.","Customer focused bank, technology is up to date and always improving.If you work diligently and stay focused on the customer you can advance in your career path.","Banker","Former Employee","Warren, NJ","September 1, 2021","5.0"
292,"Conducive to work at","I will like to work for this company for as long as I am able to work.My schedule is suitable, work environment conducive and team mates cooperative.Management maybe on your head at times but it's normal though.","Oracle Database Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2021","5.0"
293,"Productive job, sense of accomplishment ","Work holidays, management not always helpful depends who you get. Stuck to desk , very limited on bathroom breaks etc outside scheduled breaks. Short lunch. Limited growth unless management likes you. ","CSRII credit card services","Former Employee","Remote","September 1, 2021","3.0"
294,"benefits","advancement can be limited in certain product lines. Management does try to make inclusive and work/life balance is considered important. Health benefits are good.","Account Executive","Former Employee","Indiana","August 31, 2021","4.0"
295,"Great opportunities for advancement in a very inclusive and diverse work environment "," this bank pays well and advances employees very quickly. Benefits are good. Work life balance is a bit of a struggle though. They try to make it a priority but then a project comes along and deadlines need to be met. All in all they are a great company to work for.","Infrastructure Engineer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 25, 2021","4.0"
296,"Benefits, promotions, raises","Great place to work, great promotion, raises are great, awards, coaching positive feed back , great schedules, nice management great workers, best quality of life ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Springfield, IL","August 24, 2021","5.0"
297,"Great place to start working for your first job","Enjoyed working in the wealth management development program. There was a great month long training in their head quarters and then you get placed in an office. I would work there again, but it just wasn't for my career goals. ","Fiduciary Analyst","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 24, 2021","4.0"
298,"Great Company, Great Comp and Benefits, Strong Leadership"," this bank is a company that takes the time to think through an approach, cares about their employees, and tries to make the best possible decisions. This is a great place to build your career, work with a diverse set of people, and feel supporting across multiple aspects of your life. Parental leave policy is top notch, career paths are there.","Human Resource Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2021","5.0"
299,"Was a great company pre-covid","After covid hit, they've taken away all incentives and bonus for hitting your financial goals, but the goals increased. You now have to work 6 days a week to make 40 hours. And with the whole world going through a financial crisis they're pushing sell, sell, sell and It feels very scummy.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","August 23, 2021","3.0"
