6050,"Stressful Job","I worked here for a couple months, I loved my job because of my customers, and security. I really dislike the management. It's very hard to do anything at this job without the right person to say something or directing you in a wrong way.","Teller I","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 14, 2014","3.0"
6051,"discrimintory","I used to work for this place many years ago and was let go for something that everyone does, emailing your co workers. I recently applied again, thinking that if they could see how much more experience I have and how I have matured in areas that would benefit the company, they might consider hiring me again. I passed the phone interview and went to a group interview, all in the same day. Compared to the other applicants, there were at least 10, I had more than enough experience and qualifications for the position of an entry level call center position. I was declined a position with the generic explanation that I did not fit their needs. I'm not sure how that could be when I have over ten years experience. I was actually ok with the decision as I would not want to work the hours they suggested, which was 10-7 and EVERY Saturday. They make it sound like you are eligible to change those hours after you've worked there, but we all know how that will most likely work out. Favoritism, I'm sure is how they run this company. The other thing that people need to be aware of is downsizing, that occurs often and employee over turn. Why do they have so many positions open? Because they can't keep their employees.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 13, 2014","1.0"
6052,"Only bank still growing","Marketing is devoted to growing in a new market. Working with an outside marketing firm to ensure positive growth for each branch helps to increase market presence.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","January 13, 2014","4.0"
6053,"Great for growth and advancement","Work is non-stop customer service. I've learned patience and time manangement. My co-workers are awesome. The hardest part of the job is telling a customer NO. The most enjoyable part of my is a happy customer.","Teller","Current Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","January 13, 2014","5.0"
6054,"Very well rounded place to work","I was a floater so I worked in many different branches, but every branch from Dover to Middletown management was great. The customers had to warm up to me but after that I had no problems. There really wasn't a hard part to this job. The enjoyable part was counting money and the customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Dover, DE","January 13, 2014","5.0"
6055,"this bank"," this bank is a good company to work for, however like anything that you do there are going to be imperfections. Be careful and ensure that detail is top of the list when it comes to your work.","TELLER BANKING SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","January 12, 2014","4.0"
6056,"OK if you are just starting out.","Management is fine. this bank makes managers VP's however they have no say over raises or what their direct reports make. Typical corporation stuff. They hire you for under $10/hr and dangle the carrot...'I've had people make x amount...' or 'so and so got promoted to...' Co-workers were nice. Customer base is generally dissatisfied w/ this bank. Interest rates paid are dreadfully low. As a teller you refer people more and more to the ATM's which is in effect making tellers obsolete. Which is what this bank wants. More machines and less employees to pay benefits to. Many employees have 2nd jobs because this bank is not enough by itself.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 11, 2014","2.0"
6057,"Productive Place","Good place to work in it is a very happy environment. Employees are very out going and care about you. They are always smiling and ready to help service you","Teller","Current Employee","New jersey","January 10, 2014","4.0"
6058,"very good organization","Company takes care of their employees; good training programs; dedicated to local causes and is a 'home town' bank.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","January 10, 2014","4.0"
6059,"loved my job but had to go !!!","worked as a teller loved my job but had to leave husband's job relocated to texas","teller","Former Employee","okeechobee fl","January 10, 2014","5.0"
6060,"Nice place to work","I would answer any calls that came in about a customers accounts. I learned about different kind of accounts the bank had to offer. I also learned about Capital One loans for cars and homes. Management was well informing, if you did something wrong or needed help with something they were there to help you. The co-workers were friendly and would help out if you needed it. The hardest part of my job was handling the irate customers and the easiest part was also the customers I like to talk to people.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 10, 2014","4.0"
6061,"Teller Responsibilities for handling customer transactions at banks, including taking deposits, disbursing cash, opening accounts, and investigating f","• Process routine account transactions. Open accounts, including savings and checking. • Help customers fill out deposit and withdrawal slips. Use adding machine. Disburse money to customers. • Validate the deposit slip and stamp it by machine. • Check for photo identification. Assist customers at the drive-through window • Greet people warmly and direct them to appropriate bank personnel. • Handle loan payments and cash checks. Sell traveler's checks and money orders. • Collect loan and utility payments. Promote bank products. Record all transactions. • Report suspicious activity to police. Exchange foreign currency. • Count cash at beginning nd end of shift. • Balance currency, cash and checks in cash drawer at end of each shift.","Teller Responsibilities","Former Employee","Secaucus, NJ","January 10, 2014","5.0"
6062,"Productive and fast-paced environment with strict attention to detail","A typical day at work begins with reviewing credit approvals for new and existing accounts to determine whether or not real estate is being taken as collateral. Reviewing the details of a credit approval is necessary since not all accounts and terms therein are the same. Once it is determined that real estate will be taken as collateral, then we follow certain guidelines to determine whether or not the real estate in question is located in a flood zone. If the real estate is in a flood zone, then we are required by the Federal Regulators to perform what is called flood due diligence to ensure proper flood insurance is in place before a loan can close on an account. My group is rather small within a larger operations group. There are about three (3) of us along with our direct manager. We work well together and learn from one another in order to get the job done. Performing flood due diligence can be difficult at times, depending on how many properties are located in flood zones. Every account brings its own 'personality' if you will, to the table. Some are very simple and some require more attention. All in all, it is very interesting work and I learn something new everyday that keeps me on my toes. Aside from flood due diligence, I am also in charge of six (6) regions whereby I work closely with the relationship managers and the attorneys on different accounts to resolve legal exceptions. Legal exceptions are created after closing documents are received and reviewed to ascertain what is missing from the loan documents or if any deficiencies exist within the loan documents. - more...","Legal Documentation","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
6063,"Quality Assurance Analyst","Excellent job, and wonderful opportunities to write defects and make sure the defects were corrected before going into production","Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 9, 2014","5.0"
6064,"Enjoyed working for this bank, They are the best Mortgage Company","Hired as a partner for this bank Retail to service current mortgage customers, generate and acquire new mortgage customers, partner with realtors and title companies, and supply customers with new banking options to meet immediate and long term goals. • Manage the entire processing of the loan, maintained the underwriter's guidelines and closing of the loan. Coordinating these services throughout Ohio and the rest of the United States. • Meet with new and current customers in the this bank branch and/or accommodate in-home appointments • Refer mortgage customers to other divisions of this bank to offer them additional banking and investment options/services. • Cover four this bank branches in Franklin, Delaware, Knox, and Licking counties. • Cold calls to current this bank customers to offer them mortgage options with the entire loan process completed via phone, internet and fax.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","January 9, 2014","5.0"
6065,"Sale Oriented","A typical day of work would consists of begging customers to do something they don't want to do.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","January 9, 2014","3.0"
6066,"Ok workplace","It is a decent work place, but not a position that I would personally want to advance in. The company is a difficult company to work with, but the individual branch itself is pretty decent.","Peak-Time Teller","Current Employee","Mays Landing, NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
6067,"Good firm wasn't there long enough to have a fair assessment.","Good firm wasn't there long enough to have a fair assessment.","Investment Accountant","Former Employee","King of Prussia, PA","January 9, 2014","3.0"
6068,"Great Company","Great company to work for. this bank has a great teamwork enviroment.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Plainboro NJ","January 9, 2014","4.0"
6069,"productive and fun place to work at","A fun place to work at with lots of support resources. People are friendly and helpful, they make you feel like you are part of the team","Personal Banker","Current Employee","cincinnati oh","January 8, 2014","4.0"
6070,"Great opportunity for Advancement","Each and everyday is a new experience working at this bank. Lots of opportunity for growth within the company.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","MD","January 8, 2014","4.0"
6071,"Fun place to work with great people.","I enjoy going to work because my coworkers are intelligent, competent and fun to be around. They are like a second family to me. My supervisors and the company really seem to care about my advancement and career development. The only thing I dislike about my job is sometimes dealing with unruly customers.","TELLER","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2014","5.0"
6072,"Great Place To Work.","Underwriting Foreclosed For Fannie Mae. With a pipeline of 220 loan a month.","Loss Mitigation Specialist III","Former Employee","Jacksonville Fl.","January 8, 2014","5.0"
6073,"Good Company with customer oriented business plan.","The management in the mortgage division is not on par with the bank itself. The mortgage division is still trying to develop an identity and constantly is reinventing the processes which creates the disorganization that follows new implementation. The mid level management has no origination experience and so does not fuilly understand origination outside of the bank referrals. Good people with good intentions. I hope they get it right.","FL","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2014","4.0"
6074,"It was an enjoyable job until the consolidation","I worked with a great group of women until the two branches in our town consolidated then every thing we were told was not the truth and I lost my confidence in my future with the bank","Teller","Former Employee","Greencastle, IN","January 8, 2014","1.0"
6075,"Was a great place to work when it was NCM","Great place to work when Company was owned by NCM but when this bank took over it all changed.","Branch Operations Manager III","Former Employee","San Diego, CA","January 8, 2014","5.0"
6076,"worst employer ever","rude management, very unprofessional staff. no one knew there job responsibilities at all. i thought working at the bank would be a amazing step up for me, but it was a huge disappointment an a huge step backwards.","Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","January 8, 2014","1.0"
6077,"Productive and Sales Driven","A typical day at work entails completing teller transactions, communicating with clients to drive loans, credit cards, investment and business referrals, and checking accounts. I've learned a lot about mortgages, investments, and business, while enhancing my communication, analytical, and organization skills. Management is great and most definitely makes employee growth a priority. Co-workers are very team oriented and productive. The hardest part of the job is finding new solutions to drive customer interaction and participation. The most enjoyable part of the job is interacting with customers to find a solution to their questions and concerns.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","January 8, 2014","4.0"
6078,"Teller Station All Day","Diposit checks, cash checks, withdrawal money from diferent accounts, referrals, cashiers checks, money orders. Work with money all day.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Holland, MI","January 7, 2014","3.0"
6079,"Great fostering of teamwork","I was able to interact face to face with customers experiencing hardships and assist them in anyway possible to remain in their home. This was also one of the hardest aspects of my work because you become involve with people going through one of the hardest phases of their lives. I worked remotely from home and traveled weekly in order to attend different events set up by government agencies and non-profits organizations as well. I attended both contested and non-contested trials as a witness in behalf of the bank in order to prove ultimate ownership of the note/property once in default. I had the pleasure of being part of an eight person team, while only three of us participated in the default work; we all got along and could count on each other as necessary. I learned to be a better listener and understand that a little compassion and empathy goes a long way.","Default Litigation","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","January 7, 2014","5.0"
6080,"Excellent work environment","This is my review for the company this bank that I work for. A typical day includes driving to work, working, then driving home.","Finance","Current Employee","Somewhereville PA","January 6, 2014","5.0"
6081,"Overall Good Company to Work For","The company is fair, compensation is on par for the positions, and there is room to grow, you just have to know people.","Senior Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2014","4.0"
6082,"Great work environment","Great place to work with a fantastic regional management team. Overall this bank was a great learning environment.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","York, PA","January 4, 2014","5.0"
6083,"Pleasant working atmosphere","Excellent training top to bottom. A great place to work! Employees are treated kind and fair","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2014","5.0"
6084,"fun place to work","it is fun place to work, Day go by very fast, very busy but less pressure. very pleasant work environment. good people to work wtih.","Mortgage Processor","Current Employee","Warrenville, IL","January 3, 2014","5.0"
6085,"procuctive and fun place to work for","The expericence working at this bank is great and friendly atmostere. customer are friendly","Senior Teller","Current Employee","Potomac, MD","January 3, 2014","5.0"
6086,"Favoritism run rampid","The best part of this job are the co-workers, the worst part is the favoritism shown by the management staff.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Upper St Clair PA","January 3, 2014","1.0"
6087,"Perfect work place","Processed customers' financial transactions quickly and accurately, while adhering to established identification and security safeguards. Continually strived to improve or recommend ways to improve service and efficiency levels in all services to customers. Introduced bank products and services appropriate to the customer's needs. Proofed bank work for accuracy at the completion of each day.","Teller","Former Employee","Closter, NJ","January 3, 2014","5.0"
6088,"Great learning experience","Great learning experience. Quick time frames, fast paced and full of technical challenges.","Technical Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 2, 2014","3.0"
6089,"Do Not Work as a Branch Financial Sales Rep for this bank!!","The only good thing I have to say about this bank is that they are a good place to gain entry level experience in banking. Once you get your experience though get the heck out! Their training is horrendous, all they care about are SALES #'s. They didn't care that I had a customer service score of 4.98/5.00 (yes, Gallup the company that conducts polling will randomly call your customers to ascertain satisfaction.) All I heard after carrying such a high service score was I was doing a bad job and all this other BS just because my sales numbers were middle of the pack. My biggest gripe with this company is the pay, it is PATHETIC!!!. My annual raise was .15 cents an hour. I started making 11.50 / hr, after my 'Big' promotion I was making 12.50 /hr. The majority of the customers that you will see on a given day will be very escalated due to poor company training and no accountability. So your day basically consists of putting out fires other people started. Customer Service incentives were easy to hit however the sales goals were nearly impossible. Management wants you to be a robot for the company and never question processes that are made by people who haven't been in a retail branch in 10 years. All in all, It is not worth it unless you are an entry level candidate looking to gain experience. 24k base pay for a lot of headaches.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Middleburg Heights, OH","December 30, 2013","1.0"
6090,"Productive and fun work place.","Financial Sales Consultant. • Marketing: Come up with and implement marketing activities geared toward new and existing customers in order to promote and obtain new business. • Customer Service: Work with customers daily in order to complete requests and solve issues. • Sales: Meet and exceed weekly goals. • Teller transactions: Complete account transactions for customers. • Platform: Open accounts, CDs, money market accounts, IRA referrals, refinance homes, car loans, etc. • Trainer: Tain new employees. • Audits: Have passed all audits.","FINANACIAL CONSAULTANT","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","December 30, 2013","5.0"
6091,"Look for something better","My first and only bank job. It pays lower than most banks out there. It depends on what branch you go to. Some are much more friendlier to work in than others","CUSTOMER SALES ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","alexandria, va","December 29, 2013","5.0"
6092,"Great company to work for.","Every day is a different day, which is what I loved the most. I also enjoyed working with a client base.","Associate Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 29, 2013","5.0"
6093,"this bank Wealth Management","Provided administrative support to Managing Director, Trust Advisors and Investment Advisors as well as quality Client service by responding to Client inquiries and researching and resolve problems in a timely manner. Answered written correspondence handles telephone inquiries and other miscellaneous routine requests. Generates and maintains positive Client relationships. Verify with Clients that all requests have been satisfied. In addition, provides operational support/account maintenance to Managers, Advisors, Client Development Officers or Relationship Managers with regard to this bank AMG products.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Boston, MA","December 28, 2013","5.0"
6094,"this bank in a Glance","A typical day at this bank consisted of meeting with clients both current and new. It also consisted of conducting cold calls to clients to offer products/services, which the client was not already utilizing. The management structure was by far complicated. There were many managers over me and it generally created conflicting sides based on the information received by the employee The co-workers were most of the time willing to help. this bank tried to implement a 'team environment' and in most cases was able to achieve this. The hardest part of the job was the downtime. I am a person who likes to stay busy, and there was too much downtime somedays. The most enjoyable part of the job was assisting clients and helping them financially the best way possible. It made me happy when my clients were satisfied with the services I had provided.","Financial Sales Consultant I","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 24, 2013","4.0"
6095,"The worst bank Ive worked for yet!!!","I've had a great career in banking with the exception of this bank. No platform training, poor management and be prepare to use a script that has a pass or fail model that might cost you your job. this bank is definitely not a company I would recommend anyone to. The people I worked with were under-paid and over-worked. The RM seems like a great position but trust me it isn't the dream job they sold me. BEWARE!!!","Private Client Group Relationship Mgr","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 23, 2013","1.0"
6096,"Productive and fun working place","Very nice place where you not only help people but everyone is willing to help you.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2013","5.0"
6097,"Easy going","Enjoyed the people I worked with Management not the greatest","LEAD ISSUE RESOLUTION","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2013","3.0"
6098,"Productive and friendly work environment.","Manages customer portfolios, maintain establish professional rapport, cross-sells all products and services. Provides broad base of financial and credit services with the goals of acquiring 100% of the customer's business Uses profiling analysis tools to identify cross sell opportunities and makes outbound sales calls typically by phone to increase product per customer ratio. Administrative duties include faxing, filing, and copying, answering multi-line phone, participate in weekly marketing calls, and managing inventory. Daily calendar maintenance, schedule customer appointments, and attend weekly meetings with managers. Greet customers, oversight of day-to-day operations, edit, review, and production of letters, reports, and assisting management as needed Establish and build positive rapport and long term relationships with our customer base.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Upper Marlboro,Md","December 19, 2013","4.0"
6099,"High pressure position","stressful work atmosphere always threatened with performance review if numbers not met. also gives higher goals when you meet set numbers.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","North Cape May, NJ","December 19, 2013","2.0"
