1300,"Difficult Culture to navigate","Difficult to navigate the political relationships there. Felt some were petty and antagonistic. That no one is a friend it is a workplace. Nice to your face but not behind your back. Hardest part of the job was not having a collegial environment. You were on your own to solicit fellow employees to bounce ideas off of. Branch personnel in competitive battles with each other over leads and who got credit for what. Seemed sometimes as if Department's did not coordinate well. I loved my direct report manager. One of my branch managers","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Pinehurst, NC","August 24, 2019","3.0"
1301,"Branch team is great- Regionals are less so.","My team was absolutely fantastic. Direct supervisors and managers of my branch were the best, genuinely cared about everyone they worked with. Customers were usually great, though like every service job, there were some who were inappropriate or rude and decided to take it out on the nearest Teller. Compensation is good, particularly for a job that doesn't require a degree, but my supervisor always said she wouldn't be retiring anytime soon on her paychecks. The only real problem was upper management. They breathed down my managers' necks so much that they were always stressed, which then caused everyone else to be stressed. Every branch seemed to be short-staffed, and scheduling became a problem- particularly because my team would end up having to cover other branches, thus shortening our own staff.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","August 23, 2019","4.0"
1302,"Not a bad place except for personal life","Company misuses its staff and expects the impossible to be completed by limited staff in short timeframes. Will cancel vacations and holidays. Very limited (none) growth for senior employees. Employees break their backs without compensation. Good Insurance. 3 - 4 weeks vacation","Developer","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","August 23, 2019","3.0"
1303,"this bank"," this bank is a bank holding company and financial services corporation based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Company operates through four segments: Retail Banking, Corporate & Institutional Banking, Asset Management Group, and Blackrock. Its bank subsidiary is this bank","Automation Test Engineer","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 23, 2019","4.0"
1304,"Excellent Benefits","Great benefits package, lousy pay. Weekends required. Too many personnel changes don't sit well with clients. Poor work-life balance in practice goes against what is preached by management.","BRANCH SALES AND SERVICE ASSOCIATE","Current Employee","Mercer County, NJ","August 23, 2019","3.0"
1305,"High pressure sales","Expect to deal with customers that can be angry, due to their own miss-management of money, on a regular basis. High pressure sales environment, and some management practices encourage and foster a hostile work environment.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Alpena, MI","August 22, 2019","3.0"
1306,"Great work life balance","I've had great experience over the years with this bank. Great work life balance is important to this bank and most managers are all for it! I've learned so much and went through programs and different lines of businesses to become a well Developed individual. I've experienced so much traveling through different teams in the CIB section of this bank. I've traveled to Cleveland and Philly and met some awesome People. I highly recommend moving around when you first start out and trying out new positions.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 22, 2019","5.0"
1307,"Horrible place to work","Worst job I've ever had. If it were up to me, I'd tell the entire world to be careful when trying to get a job here. I wonder how they're still in business to be honest.","Mortgage Office Administrator","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","August 22, 2019","2.0"
1308,"Stressful and racist","As long as you don't mind working with a bunch of biggetts or uneducated cultural, mindless people. Then it's the best place to work. I spent 2 years dealing with a moron of a supervisor that I was consistently contacting HR for. They believe in supporting management not employees you will not have a fair opportunity. this bank management needs to be more involved with how their employees feels.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 22, 2019","3.0"
1309,"Excellent job","While working for this bank I learned a great deal on how to manage my money, and typical work day hundreds of call in the que, but job was good to work at","Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","August 22, 2019","4.0"
1310,"Very nice company","Very great experience working in this bank. I got a good opportunity to learn new things. Job culture and managers support is excellent. Lot of Opportunities to explore new things.","Selenium Automation","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 21, 2019","5.0"
1311,"Fast paced, good training","My experience overall was good. Their training is nicely paced and in depth. They make sure you are set up for success. They have good health benefits and their compensation and incentive were the best I've ever gotten.","Bussiness Banking Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Menomonee Falls, WI","August 21, 2019","4.0"
1312,"Overall Good with some need for increased staffing"," this bank is a great place to work however staffing is extremely thin which does not allow for a proper work life balance. this bank has been a good place to take advantage of opportunities to expand skills.","Software Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 21, 2019","4.0"
1313,"Be careful what you wish for","I was recruited away from another company after over 6 years there, was promised the things that my former company could not provide for my career to grow. From the first month there I realized this bank was not very different from my previous company in regards to management. They have managers that go by advice from senior employees, some of them should not be in any position to give management advice. I was told I was ready to go to my new location, then 3 days later told I was not. Then I found out from other employees that the person who was training me was not happy I was to be replacing them. They lied and falsified information, including sending fake emails about my position! This kept me from fulfilling the position I was hired for. I found out after I left the next person to replace my position also was treated unfairly and quit due to this same situation, by the same employee! I would definitely make sure you have asked and gotten every question answered before accepting a position there. Although I left my previous company in good standing I could not go back, as my position had been filled. I ended up not only losing my seniority, but my 401k match, my PTO of 6 weeks, all my benefits, including stock purchase options. My advice to management is make sure you have honest employees, with integrity giving your branch managers advice, especially if they do not like the new employee(s). In life you will not like everyone you work with, not everyone will like you, but working with others in a professional manner is what grownups do!","Universal Banker Ill","Former Employee","South Florida, FL","August 20, 2019","1.0"
1314,"Competitive in Sales","Competitive in sales strategy , daily initiative in building relationships and bringing in new business. Very small business focused. Could use better tools for the business clients.","Senior Business Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","August 20, 2019","4.0"
1315,"Times change","There is always change with in the culture of any business. Always be prepared to be moved or given info that may come true. The culture was always good, but not always knowing the next moves made it a bit worrisome.","Operations Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 20, 2019","5.0"
1316,"Too many frustrated middle managers","A lot of very wonderful people work at this bank. Senior leadership is terrific - very well meaning, but slow to change a 1980s culture. The problem is with the middle managers. They run around frightened, micromanage and are generally unprofessional. There are many managers who are not qualified for their positions. Culture is also an issue at this bank. After buying several other banks over the years, they are just now trying to build a single culture. Because of the mixed messaging and platitudes from Communications, there is still much work to be done.","Business Communications Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 19, 2019","2.0"
1317,"Good place to work in","Good place to work in ...stressful area to work in for those who worked with customer service...to little concern about it. To many supervisors but to little assistance when required.Unfair evaluation of performance.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Smithfield, PA","August 19, 2019","4.0"
1318,"Extremely stressful place to work.","Regional management will micro manage each employee without any consideration of working conditions, clientele and severe under staffing. They expect employees to do more work than demanded by their position to get a 'meets all expectations' in all 5 categories for the semi annual review(every 6 months). If you miss one 'meet all expectations' you cannot apply for any other positions within this bank as one of the questions you have to answer when applying for a promotion (step-up job) is 'What was the lowest score on your last semi annual review'. If you answer 'met some expectations' the applications will not let you continue further.","Branch Sales and Services Representative","Former Employee","Clarksville, IN","August 19, 2019","1.0"
1319,"Great Place to work and advane in career","Typical day at a Universal Branch can be slow due to the fact that its a Universal meaning that banking is done efficient and convenient to customers due to technology","Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 19, 2019","5.0"
1320,"Slavery","Customer service - don't do it to yourself. Customers will berate you, yell at you, accuse you of stealing their money. I was so upset after 8 hours of work that I would cry before my shift the next day. That's no way to live.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Virtual","August 18, 2019","2.0"
1321,"Not at all what I expected","They claim to be about client relationships but really all they care about are stockholder profits. They don't understand how highly effective teams operate and generate revenue. I witnessed a number of ethics violations while I was there, which surprised me that they didn't care about the unethical practices of their managers.","VP Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 18, 2019","2.0"
1322,"Toxic envinviroment and Bank states that they are retaliation free and it's a lie","All smoke and mirrors. Bank has exellent culture on paper but does not live by vision. Employee relations is a joke. It took wayyyy to long to remove someone who caused many issues in the work place including targeting, retaliation and bullying..making the office toxic and unpleasant.","Banking Officer","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 18, 2019","2.0"
1323,"N/a","It was ok working here. I enjoyed it for a while then the atmosphere changed. There is a high turn over and managers changed often which may be the reason.","Branch Sales and Service Associate 111","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 18, 2019","3.0"
1324,"Horrible","I was disrespected by the loan officer...she gaslighted me...she was the worst person I've ever worked for. She didn't train me well at all and didn't give me a chance.","Loan Officer Assistant","Former Employee","San Diego, CA","August 18, 2019","1.0"
1325,"Great place to start a career","Very good place to work. Diverse staff and great work life balance. Secured parking lot, key card access, cafeteria, and snack room to keep you hydrated and ready to work. Managers stay engaged with the employees and work to keep the professional atmosphere.","Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 17, 2019","5.0"
1326,"productive and fun place","productive and fun place working for this large bank out of cleveland, OH in their enterprise data management group. Work involved architecting and building big data applications","Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 15, 2019","5.0"
1327,"Technology is Behind the Times","As a Loan Officer, this company is behind the times on technology, practices and processes. When your job is sales and you loss money because of your company that is never good","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 15, 2019","1.0"
1328,"Excellent Experience","Once you are part of the this bank family you are always family. The connections you make and the friends you have will support you as you learn and grow in many opportunities.","Learning Coordinator","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 15, 2019","5.0"
1329,"management is a joke!!!","Horrible management. I don't know how that woman Is still in charge of that financial institution, completely unprofessional, racist, and does not look out for the customers or employees best interest, I could not by good conscious and morals continue to work for such a person and walked away from my career!","Teller","Former Employee","Easton, MD","August 15, 2019","1.0"
1330,"Solid core, needs some improvements","The region I worked in had a very high turnover rate and had many branches, mine included, that were running short staffed. This put both the bank and the employees at risk, and I felt the core reason for the turnover was never addressed.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Menomonee Falls, WI","August 15, 2019","3.0"
1331,"Not a fun place to work.","Management is difficult to work with. Push products and meet numbers of the products to get quarterly bonus. No Christmas party or other corporate events. Continuing training and meetings are not close to office. Turn over very high.","Lead Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2019","3.0"
1332,"Loved the job","I loved this bank they made you feel like family such a fun work environment they help you when they see you are trying and want to do better they are very reasonable","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 14, 2019","5.0"
1333,"You are a team and it pushes you to want to do better","I had 3 managers while working at this bank all were very sweet and understanding in any circumstance I faced. Team meetings and one on ones with managers are done often and motivated me to do better. Managers are there to help you succeed and moving up is very easy if you put in the work","Core specialist to Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 13, 2019","5.0"
1334,"Boys club","I work in the asset management clearing department. I do my work unsupervised and can work from home if needed. There is an internal job sight for other positions at this bank, however the descriptions are so vague you don't know what you're actually applying to do. Even when you finally get an interview, there isn't much clarity around what the job is. Management feels it isn't their job to be able to help their employees when they are overwhelmed or need help. There is no work life balance because you're expected to work until the daily work is finished even if it takes 10 hours that day but management leaves at 2pm. You only start to get help when management feels they look bad. Working in the branch was much better than working in their back office.","OPERATIONS WORK LEAD","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 13, 2019","2.0"
1335,"Worst job I ever had. Not customer or employee focused.","The regional management in Cincinnati is only focused on widgets. Not you as an employee and definitely not what's best for your customers. You will be asked to push products on customers that they don't want or need. And don't you dare get sick or have a death in the family. They don't have time for that. Also, be prepared for them to just make up policies out of the blue that are not in writing anywhere and are not used by any other region. P.S your job can be eliminated at any time without warning.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Middletown, OH","August 13, 2019","1.0"
1336,"Great work/life balance","I have been working from home for about 4 years so that is the best perk to get. I go into the office 2 times per month, but not all departments get this perk. Getting a 1-2% raise each year is nothing exciting to say the least. Benefits are good though including vacation time.","Loan Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2019","4.0"
1337,"Great if you have little to no experience","This company is great for individuals with little to no experience in retail banking. In the beginning we had to stay one a month until 7:30. If your numbers are not where they want them to be, be prepared to stay twice a month. Compensation is not enough for the pay. My manager was great but we had no support from higher ups!","Personal Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","August 12, 2019","3.0"
1338,"fast paced and goal oriented","Great customers to serve and friendly co-workers. You must be able to handle even the most difficult customer. If you have a genuine love for people this may be a good fit for you.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 12, 2019","4.0"
1339,"shut down the retail mortgage division in GA and North Florida and laid all of the retail MLO's off.","They have a very tough time outside of their main footprint states which are the Midwest. Have not made much of a dent in GA, AL, FL, etc. this bank will probably end up exiting the Southeast to focus on their better markets","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 12, 2019","1.0"
1340,"this bank teller supervisor"," this bank is a pretty ok company to work for. My branch was in an awesome location. Even though my branch had a high turnover, I had the opportunity to work with some great people","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","400 market street","August 11, 2019","4.0"
1341,"Programs to help you advance from within are a great help.","Decent place to work, benefits sucks! And I'm not sure why they expect us to dress up so much especially since many workers don't even see clients from behind the teller line. The bonus system is pretty competitive and some are unfair, like not being able to get credit for people who you know, even if you are the one who found the need. You should be able to just refer to another co-worker.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Michigan","August 11, 2019","4.0"
1342,"Nice place to work","I loved working for this bank. They are a great company and I would recommend that you apply here. Once your in your in and the sky's the limit. You are promoted from with-in a lot. In all I was there for 10 years and resigned for other reasons. But I would work for them again.","Appraisal Reviewer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2019","5.0"
1343,"Good company","Overall is a good company to work with. this bank, needs to improve employee benefits and pay rate . Upper management needs to get closer to lower associates and share common goals","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","August 10, 2019","5.0"
1344,"this bank"," this bank is a great place to work at because they care. If you have a family to raise financially it may not be the best move to make due to the salary of a teller. this bank has a great 401k and great benefits.","Head Teller","Current Employee","New York, NY","August 10, 2019","5.0"
1345,"Far better choices","Low pay, lack of any care for employees, always under-staffed by choice. In some cases they couldn't even open branches because they did not have adequate staffing and would pull resources from managers who could keep their staff intact. Filled with upper management who only care about themselves and are career bankers. Zero ability to see big picture. Worst employer of my accomplished career.","Vice President","Former Employee","Georgia","August 9, 2019","1.0"
1346,"Good place to work","The supervisors were great. Would go back if had a chance to, the pay was good for starting a new job. And the benefits were also good, 401k also very nice.","Teller","Former Employee","Huntley, IL","August 9, 2019","5.0"
1347,"Good place to work for entry level","Good place to work if you want an entry level job hard to advance beyond a certain point. Unless you are willing to move to Pittsburgh it is hard to find jobs past a certain level.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","August 8, 2019","3.0"
1348,"Love this company","This company is amazing to work for. I am a college student, and they work great around my schedule. The work-life balance is amazing, they care about you as an individual and understand we have a life and family outside of work!","Teller","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","August 8, 2019","5.0"
1349,"Excellent entry-level broker dealer positions","Due to the larger size of the company compared to other regional banks and bank broker dealers, there are a multitude of job opportunities available. The company does a good job of growing employees and promoting from within. Downsides include a less-than competitive compensation structure and having to drive & park downtown.","Central Review Principal","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 8, 2019","4.0"
