"A retail job with heavy emphasis on sales and customer service","A typical day includes cash handling, performing customer transactions, interacting with customers in a friendly, positive manner, making product suggestions, and selling products. A portion of the job requires computer use including transactions, company email, and reading updates and company news on our internal web page. This job does have a heavy focus on sales with each employee having to acheive personal monthly goals.","Teller","Current Employee","Manistee, MI","August 18, 2015","5.0"
"Do not!","I worked for this bank for 7 years. The ever changing policies and procedures made it impossible to do my job consistently. The 'goals' were pretty much unattainable, especially since I worked in the drive thru location most of the time. Half of the co workers did very little work, shuffling papers and 'answering' phones to look busy. Wages were laughable. Upper management did not care about employees AT ALL. Many customers closed accounts and walked because of the ever changing policies. Schedules were out usually a few days before that week started, we never knew what we were working until the day before. Schedules were supposed to be out a month in advance, but rarely were. My main concern was with district and regional management. They had no clue what customers needs and wants were, and they simply did not care. All but ONE branch was closed in my town, making it inconvenient for customers to get to. this bank as a whole does not care about customers or employees. If you like working in a circus type atmosphere with no direction or organization, then you would enjoy this job.","Teller","Former Employee","Ohio","August 18, 2015","3.0"
"Great Benefits-Management Needs Improvement","The benefits were excellent. Competitive salary plus Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Eye Insurance, Pension, 401K program that this bank matches up to 10%, 3 weeks paid vacation and incentives. Management needed a little bit of work. There are certain managers with poor leadership skills and little confidence in themselves. It is very evident by a simple conversation with some of these managers.","Oracle Database Administrator I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2015","4.0"
"Productive work environment","Daily Debriefs. Reports. Business Development. Seasoned Staff. Customer Focused. Employee Engaged. Micro-manage. Weekly Conference Calls. Credit Card focus. Investmen Gaining Market Share","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Whippany, NJ","August 18, 2015","4.0"
"Moderate","Good entry level job in a business field. One month of training is required and helps make a smooth transition. West dundee this bank branch was one of the busiest and short staffed offices.","Teller","Former Employee","West Dundee, IL","August 17, 2015","4.0"
"Family Friendly","Wonderful company to work for. Excel at Job Work/Life balance more than any other bank I have worked for. The only negative is the yearly compensation increases are not competitive with other banks I have worked for and the company still uses Lotus notes.","AVP","Current Employee","Brecksville OH","August 17, 2015","5.0"
"Slow paced work environment","This particular location is not busy. More time is spent not working than working. Co-workers are nice. Only five work in the building.","Teller","Current Employee","Hickory, NC","August 17, 2015","2.0"
"The job has its ups and downs.","I really enjoy the work that I do at this bank. I like interacting with all the different customers that I will see throughout a day. I do not like the hour long commute to work and the work schedule is very oddly done. There is no organization or pattern with the schedule at all. Before I got hired, there were four individuals who quit because of the odd schedule. I would not quit because of that because I do really like the work and my co-workers. Also, I have dealt with a lot worse schedules while being in the military.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Delaware","August 16, 2015","3.0"
"Not for the faint of heart","At the end of the day, the idea is to take accountability for the ill informed decisions, bad this bank policies, or poor judgment of customers. You are told to take ownership, and positively position everything. That includes saying no to refunds (which you have exactly 0 control over). You are encouraged to make conversations your own- but also fulfill requirement x,y,z,1,4,7,9 or else all of your evaluations and scores will be terrible. Scoring and evaluations are currently pretty subject to the person who is completing the analysis Scores are paramount and dictate whether you can do anything but exist in the call center. You are timed as to how long you are in your chair each day as well which I understand but also find awful. If you miss your break, it's gone because if you take it past the allotted time it can great affect your adherence. Constant contact with generally upset, unhappy, irate customers is one thing- the stress of trying to control and change everything that comes out of your mouth is a whole new level of anxiety Management is inconsistent as is support for when you are in the position. I was pretty much thrown on the phone full time after a terrible training experience, and almost was fired within the first month due to misinformation I had been given. this bank tries to make this position tolerable in small ways but in the end- it is what it is. Taking back to back phone calls for 7.5 hours for a company that in the end only cares about one thing with customers who don't care about what you have to say.","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 16, 2015","2.0"
"Fast paced environment","Great teamwork environment. Enjoyed working with and assisting my customers. Learned how to coaching other employees. Processed many reports. Passed all audits performed at my location. I believe the hardest part of my job was when someone went negative, I had a lot of compassion for my customers so I had to comfort them and make sure to tell them that it will be okay. As a teller supervisor you wear a lot of hats and have a lot of responsibilities.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Munster, IN","August 15, 2015","3.0"
"diverse in coworkers","A typical day is waiting for each market to come in on time , count the bags of work and make sure the count matches what the driver have on there manifest slip.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2015","4.0"
"Fun workplace. Decent hours and pay","Fun workplace. Room for advancement however in order to advance you need to back stab people. Co-workers very hardworking. Hardest part of the job is having to deal with politics. Most enjoyable part of the job is working on different issues for customers.","Treasury Management Client Service Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 14, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and nice","Good learning experience. Nice management and staff . also, share good team work and learnt a lot from seniors and co-workers","QA Lead","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","August 14, 2015","5.0"
"Supportive team members","Sales is a difficult and competitive field. The support of the team makes it a fun and rewarding experience. It is a great way to learn to personalize and speak intelligently to potential clients.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","August 14, 2015","4.0"
"Working at this bank","A typical day at the branch level consists of outbound calling, assisting clients with their financial needs and issues. Furthermore, daily reports and reporting of numbers is a requirement as well. It is absolutely vital to be able to work with your team members and other partners throughout this bank. The hardest part of the job to me is that there is hardly any advancement to other areas of interest. The most enjoyable part of my job is to be able to help clients, provide sound financial recommendations as well as getting to know your clients","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Coshocton, OH","August 14, 2015","4.0"
"Very mentally draining","Moved my way up through the ranks the first twelve years. Total of fifteen year time span from drive through window teller to my last position as Senior Loan Support Specialist. Very fast paced and often times not enough help with work load. They expected you at times to carry the work load of five people and get the work done in a short time frame and be accurate. No room for advancement in my department. Favoritism shown to often within the department. Employee turn around was tremendous. There was no sense of diversity or inclusion within the financial institution.","Senior Loan Support Specialist II","Former Employee","Baltimore, Maryland","August 13, 2015","1.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace","A typical day consists of opening the bank, getting all teller materials ready for the day, and handling all transactions while providing exceptional customer service to all clients.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Madison, NJ","August 13, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","Productive work environment. Most enjoyable was to be able to work closely with your team members. Co-workers are really nice. You come in and do your job with accuracy and effiency","Document Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 13, 2015","3.0"
"All about the profits and the money"," this bank is just like every other financial institution with 60,000 employees you are a number. They are stuck on maximizing profit and reducing the benefit because all that is important at the end of the day is the stock report.","Consultant","Former Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","August 13, 2015","2.0"
"Under staffed","Under staffed and over worked in some departments , A good ole boy hiring and promoting procedure. Sorry no free Pizza ever!","Mortgage","Former Employee","Jacksonville fl","August 12, 2015","3.0"
"Productive","This company taught me how to work as a team and not alone. I learned how to deal with multiple personalities. I learned how to work as a team to meet company's goals and deadlines. It also taught me that I'm better off working for myself and produce a significant amount of income.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 12, 2015","3.0"
"Great learning expirience. Enjoyed working for a large corporation and honing in on my previous skills while learning a myriad of others.","Great place to start working professionally. Learned many different skills all the while sharpening any previous skills that I currently had.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Franklin, PA","August 11, 2015","4.0"
"stong work environement provide great customer services and an fun environement to work in","coming in to work to do what i love to do best where it feels like im not working but just doing something that i really enjoy doing. the most enjoyable part of this job is the fact that i can assist the customers to the best of my ability and helping people is something i take great pride doing","personal banker","Current Employee","west orange new jersey","August 11, 2015","4.0"
"Good Company","Good company to work for, has genuine concern for it customers well being as well as its employees. Large company that is still maintaining it small town roots.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 11, 2015","5.0"
"Tough to Advance","Been here about 10 years, and I have never been promoted in the department I worked in. The only time I have moved up in grade is when I left the department. I now have 2 degrees (one in a Business field) and am becomingly more frustrated with the opportunities that I have been seeing. I wish there was a development program for internal employees. Management overall has been hit and miss over the years. Some managers are engaged, some have not been. Some managers have had great people skills and the ability to communicate effectively, while others talk down to you and are condescending. Co-workers over the years have ranged from mature professionals to downright ignorant and lazy. Hardest parts of the jobs over the years is the infrequency of work throughout many of the jobs.","Risk Purchased Loan Closer Associate","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","August 11, 2015","4.0"
" this bank is committed to its community."," this bank is a great place to work. this bank's Grow Up Great program helps prepare kids from birth to age 5 for success in school and life.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Jackson, MI","August 11, 2015","4.0"
"productive and fast paced with many advancement opportunities with supportive leadership"," this bank is a great company to work for. I have been fortunate to have many of my superiors support me in advancing within the company. I have also been lucky to have to ability to be cross trained not only on banker side but on teller side which has allowed me to become a teller supervisor. I very much enjoy doing many things as well as learning new things. this bank has allowed me to be very versitile. At my current location a typical day is very fast paced. The branch handles a large amount of cash deposits as well as high transaction count. I manage and coach my teller team with a very positive approach. Making sure that everyone is engaged at work and know there expectations. Customer service is key at this bank which is important to me.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Woodridge, IL","August 10, 2015","5.0"
"Company that provides opportunity through referrals"," this bank is a company that rewards talent and recognizes hard work. Unfortunately, on a higher level it is also a company that emphasizes and re-emphasizes the need to control costs and become more automated, so job security in some areas is less than ideal. Overall, I find the atmosphere rewarding and my co-workers and management very knowledgeable and engaged. Salary could be better but isn't terrible.","Anonymous","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 9, 2015","3.0"
"Good","Its a great company with good benefits. Atmosphere is relaxed and the work is plentiful. Would recommend to others considering this bank.","Support Accountant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 6, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","Data Entry and copying confidential documents. Learning to be accurate, decision maker, detail oriented. Management encouragement to learn and grow. Meeting deadlines. Benefits","Lending operations","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 6, 2015","4.0"
"I like what I do","Just keying and learning job functions. This is a great company to work for. The money should be a little better though. That's all I have to say about it","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 5, 2015","3.0"
"Some good some bad","There are many things that need improvement in their investment process and management style. Overall its a great entry level position but as of right now has not been developed into a true career path where an individual can build a book of business.","Advisor Direct Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 5, 2015","3.0"
"Okey place to work","Great place to get started, but not for long term. Pay is low in average and main incentive is Quarterly bonus; however, said bonuses can be taken away with a simple write up. The customer rating system has a big impact on your development and with the newly adopted no fee refunds policy; it's hard to balance customers and company while still keeping a 'Perfect' customer service rating. Anything less than a five and your looking at weeks on conference calls, coaching and potential disciplinary action/write ups.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","PA","August 5, 2015","2.0"
"Just not a good experience","They will hire almost anyone. Management is not very well put together, and the concept of what they want you to do in a grocery store branch is just not a good strategy.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","owings mills, MD","August 5, 2015","1.0"
"Graet Place to work with Great People","Meet all different type of people everyday with all different aspects of life. It was exciting most of the time but sometime gets stress full. Co-workers here were great people to work with, very helpful and fun.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","August 4, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun atmosphere with many social events","Overall it's a great company to work for. It has a very professional atmosphere but is also a fun environment because of the group of people I work with. Everyone is very social which is a huge part of the job. The company encourages its employees to grow not only professionally, but as a person overall too. I have learned a tremendous amount about managing money over the four years that I have worked there.","Teller","Current Employee","Laurel, Maryland","August 4, 2015","4.0"
"Ok","Its an OK place to work. Some managers are extremely driven and belittle their employees. It's more of a hassle to get things done when a manager is all over your case and you are just tryng to do your job.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pompton Plains, NJ","August 4, 2015","3.0"
"Teller Supervisor","This place is good while you are going to school. It is not very demanding job, the only problem is sales that you need to make per month.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Norridge, IL","August 3, 2015","3.0"
"Extremely busy, fast paced work enviorment","As soon as I come in the call volume is normally at an overflow. I have learned how to enroll and navigate through all our online banking data bases, and I can normally always troubleshoot any problems as far as technical goes. Management always seems to be changing in some sort of aspect, not necessarily the people in management but the roles and what they do do. I love, adore, and respect all my co workers, and all the individual leadership the offer. The hardest part about my job is the constant technical issues not being resolved, and are customers always being on hold for more then 20 minutes every time they call are Care Center. The most enjoyable part about my job is the recognition and the time they find to recognize the employees for the small things.","Online Banking Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 3, 2015","4.0"
"I believe in coming to work to do your job and let others see what you are made of.","I love banking, its second nature to me. With the experience I have in banking, I see myself in corporate and mentoring others in the workplace. I love helping others. I also love banking as a whole. I truly know I can reach the top of the corporate world and making good money by the experience and knowledge that I have learned over the years.","Teller","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","August 3, 2015","3.0"
"High Call Volume Customer Care center","A typical day at work will have 60-100 incoming customer call Fast paced call center with high attention to detail and customer service. Internal Quality and customer service quality is required to be met along with schedule adherence. Company has tuition reimbursement and room to grow. You will work with a team of co workers that share the same goals as you and are helping to achieve those goals daily","Customer Service Representative III","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 3, 2015","5.0"
"Banking Experts","Working as a collection specialist, really displayed the importance and impact of debt. There were many ways in which one could advance there and they were very flexible working with students.","Consumers Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 3, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Mortgage","Its an okay job all around. Pay is decent. Not a fan of the benefits offered but all around its a decent place of employment","Collection Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 2, 2015","4.0"
"Great Company very low pay","Great company to work for! Very low compensation! Turnover rate seems high especially at the entry level positions. A lot of job opportunities throughout the company","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 1, 2015","4.0"
"Excellent company"," this bank is a great company with excellent benefits. It is a company with a positive attitude towards helping their employees succeed.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Bloomington, IL","July 31, 2015","5.0"
"Excellent work life balance and strong helpful community","The work day is always interesting with new assignments and projects. Everyone that you work around is always willing to help you out.","Project Manager Intern","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2015","5.0"
"Web Based Banking","WBB (Web Based Banking) helps online banking customers to see past transactions and plan for future ones that will apply for selected accounts. WBB online banking tracks the incoming and outgoing cash over time. WBB is integrated with CFI (Cash flow Insight) and BDC (BillDotCom) services for maintaining Cashin/Cashout accounts in CFI and bills/Invoices in BDC.","Senior J2EE Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 31, 2015","4.0"
"I love working at this bank","I go to work and try to meet sales goal and help my customers. I learn to solve customer issue. Management is very pretty good and I know what I need to do. My coworkers are all very friendly. sometime is hard to make sales goal. I enjoy talking to different people who come in to the bank.","Floating Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","July 30, 2015","5.0"
"The most enjoyable part ot the job","I enjoy working face to face with clients and giving them the best advice I can for their financial well being. I enjoy most when as a team with go great in a Gallup survey and get bonuses for it.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, Illinois","July 30, 2015","5.0"
"Na"," this bank is a company that is ever evolving. The most enjoyable part of my day is helping the customer and my coworkers. The company encourages their employees to stay abreast on their procedures and policies to ensure that all government regulations are being followed.","Commercial Loan Support Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 28, 2015","3.0"
"Love working with customer","utilize my extensive sales, customer service. Making sure that all work get done on time, coached, and developed new plans so that we can meet our monthly goal Love new challenges.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Touhy, Niles IL","July 28, 2015","4.0"
"Not for everyone","Very demanding and heavy call volume always. Very strict guidelines to meet. The company asks for our opinions of how to approve but then lacks the follow through.","Credit Card Specialist","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","July 28, 2015","3.0"
"Nice place to work and make a career out of","The management works hard to make sure everyone is happy. benefits are wonderful. this bank really cares about their employees health","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Elkton, MD","July 28, 2015","4.0"
"Productive","Some branches are busy and others are slow. Have to know how to adapt to each type of customer. Learned great money management skills, and working with various teams in different branches. Great people to work with. Benefits are okay.","Floating Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Atlantic City, NJ","July 27, 2015","4.0"
"Love my job","Customer that came in for mortgage needs the bank referred to me. Hardest part was building relationship for customers in the bank.","LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 27, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","it was a great place to work. I learned Responsible for interacting with customers to provide information in response to inquiries about products and services and to handle and resolve complaints. Resolved customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, and adjusting bills. Contacted customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results and any planned adjustments .Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.","Temporary Contract Assignment","Former Employee","Rocky Mount NC","July 26, 2015","5.0"
"productive customer service driven environment","A typical work day consists of a jump start meeting in the mornings. followed by opening the location. We then begin to prepare for clients to walk in as well as making cold calls to perspective clients and current clients who are due for a financial review Working at this bank has taught me how to assess credit applications, open checking and saving accounts, and also many things about retirement and investment accounts. My immediate supervisor is great.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wynnewood, PA","July 26, 2015","3.0"
"Great company to work for, diverse environment, great experience.","A great diverse environment that values their employees job performances, driven focus on customers financial needs to companies standards. Team oriented, awesome experience.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 25, 2015","5.0"
"A Hot Mess of Really Terrible Management","I don't know what more to say outside of the title. I have worked in management for a couple banks, and have never seen anything as horrible as this bank. The culture is so fake, phony, and full off booty kissing it literally makes me sick to come to work. Pay is barely average. Support from Pittsburgh is non-existent, products are a joke, and don't even get me started on line of business partners. Turnover is ridiculously high. Don't do it.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","July 23, 2015","2.0"
"A day of a bank manager","My day consists of coaching my employees on outbound sales calls as well as during client interactions. This goes on throughout the day. When I am not doing this, I will make outbound business calls to generate business appointments. I make action plans for various goals such as CIQ (customer experience) and EIQ (employee experience). Take care of clients as they come in for their various needs. My coworkers/the team I manage consists of 4 individuals at all different levels. One in more tenured at over 14 years of service down to one that has been with me for only three months. I would not say there is a hardest part of the job, I see challenges as opportunities to learn and grow. The most enjoyable part of the job is the different clients I meet and get to know on a daily basis.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Michigan City IN","July 23, 2015","3.0"
"Nice Place to work","Bank teller, handling money, ATM, learned a lot. Hardest part of the job is balancing at the end of the night, and making sure all is accounted for at the end of the night not a full time job for me so that was the downfall","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Sellersburg IN","July 22, 2015","5.0"
"Eh","under-staffed and underpaid. company was about client services and then it became more about suggesting and selling things this bank wanted not what the client needed.","Sales Representative","Current Employee","VA","July 22, 2015","3.0"
"Great hours, flexible schedules, great experience in the financial world"," this bank has allowed we to grow, provided me with the education I needed coming from traditional retail to banking. A great company to gain experience from. I like that this bank is involved with local communities, especially like the Grow UP Great program partnered with Sesame Street. I can say I'm proud of where I work. Do not offer competitive salaries for branch positions, much lower than other banks of comparable size.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","July 21, 2015","4.0"
"Relationship Manager for business customers","Spend days doing book reviews, executing on sales and follow up. Work with many internal partners on additional sale opportunities. Customer service is big part of job as well as sales for TM, merchant and loans.","Business Banker","Current Employee","cleveland ohio","July 21, 2015","5.0"
"Decent Company to work for.","My experience here has been pretty positive. Diversity is seen and if in the right department you brush shoulders with move makers.","Risk","Current Employee","Pittsurgh, PA","July 20, 2015","4.0"
"not fair Compensation","limited growth and pay, advancement is limited andvery slow during the selection. Too big for its own good people are retiring and leaving in large numbers who have been there for years","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 20, 2015","3.0"
"Solid Bank","Great bank to work for but management can be chalenging. They do not pla ce the right people in the management role; people who have been financial services producers in the past. The bank does a very good job of recognizing acheivments.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Marriottsville, MD","July 20, 2015","3.0"
"Great workplace, they really care about their employees"," this bank creates a great workplace for their employees. Everyday is different yet challenging. Their is always room for advancement. At times, client problem resolution can be challenging but this bank always assisted in solutions to the best of their ability. Every branch I have worked in my co-workers were very happy engaged employees. Upper management was always an e-mail away and here to help.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Campbell, OH","July 20, 2015","5.0"
"Typcial Day at Work","Was able greet and handle cash handling issue with each customer who came in to the branch. I enjoyed that job very much, but the monetary portion is what made my decision to look for other avenues to find work.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville Road, Louisville, KY","July 20, 2015","4.0"
"Great Job! Rewarding at times","Cool Place to work, Great benefits, Satisfaction gained from helping people save their homes from foreclosure. The job can be stressful at times when volumes are high and deadlines are near.Co worker are pretty cool.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 20, 2015","4.0"
"Good bank, not a great place to work.","- Sales culture was extremely aggressive - Bottom line driven - Colleagues were enjoyable to work with. - Young and fast paced environment.","Relationship Manager II","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","July 19, 2015","2.0"
"Bank with a lot of cross functional opportunity within Retail Divisions","Management launches many campaigns without fully completing prior objectives. Needs to have a more standardized methodology to launching company priorities Good opportunity to get exposed to different lines of business. True belief system in providing a sense of financial well being to it's customers Look for opportunities to increase penetration rate for investment clients within bank's book and outside of book.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","July 19, 2015","3.0"
"Micro management , very poor training , nice offices , very clicky, in underwriting not one manager / team does anything the same or any of the center","Very poor training~I was a temporary senior underwriter employee hired in to help with the back flow of underwriting ! Everything I was told by the recruiter was not true/ or correct! It was somewhat of a BATE and SWITCH technique! Travel was a cluster mess - hotels were supposed to be paid for when we checked in ~ they were not we had to pay for two weeks of a hotel stay and get reimbursed - which recruiter and manager said it would ALL be paid for! MICRO management is not the word ( and I was a remote employee! My manager was a very pushy rushing person who did not take any time to explain anything - just thought that the one week in impact traing (system) would be enough - which would be if it was properly done! My former manager cannot keep an in office employee at all she has lost three employees in three weeks ( I was told ) and one girl left bc manager told her she got up out of her seat too much ( mind you she was using bathroom and getting water and making phone calls on breaks to her newborn daughter who was being watched ) and yet she was hitting her numbers and completing all work at a timely manner! Not one of the managers or teams or operation centers do anything the same - others rec'd better training depending what team you were on! Worst bank I have ever worked for ! I've been underwriting for over ten years and in the mortgage banking business for 19 years ! I was treated like a child im 40 years old !!! Pay was ok - but they hired temp employees at same skill level and paid everyone different wages people sitting in the office are making almost 9$ less than - more...","Senior underwriting","Former Employee","Jacksonville , Florida ( remote )","July 16, 2015","2.0"
"Teller","Love the job and the people that work with me. The only thing I didn't like about the job was the pay. Everyone got along and it was a great place to work.","Teller","Former Employee","Covington, KY","July 16, 2015","4.0"
"A typical quibicle job","Mostly about numbers, not so much of the persona treatment at work. Management is good to work with. Benefits are worse than before; cut in insurance plans. Not many if at all opportunities to advance","Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 15, 2015","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great company at which to be an employee. My only complaint is that the extremely risk-averse policies can sometimes be a barrier to making progress.","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 15, 2015","4.0"
"Very Deceptive Company","Be wary about starting a career with this company! I was an employee for two years. Started as a CSA which turned into a Universal Branch Consultant. The amount of work that is put on you is nothing less than stressful to the point of needing a psychologist. There are before hours conference calls, and mandatory after hours cold calling. You are NOT in the best interest of the customer. You are stressed because of CIQ (Customers rating of how well you kissed their butt), and managerial lack of engagement. When I asked for a raise to the Regional Manger (due to all the responsibilty I had taken on in the past year), I was told...'I guess you should have negotiated better when you started, huh?' That was the true this bank coming out...A few months later I was discharged for no reason at all. They seriously are out for profit, not to help customers financially. They left a family that day with no income, but much better off now!","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Michigan","July 15, 2015","1.0"
"horrible company","the whole company was awful from the first day I started I started looking for another job. I hated all of it. only 2 people were nice. and the customers were terrible manager was a troll. hardest part of my job. Smiling best part, locking the door and leaving.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Minerva, OH","July 15, 2015","1.0"
"Community Culture"," this bank is about work life and home life balance. They are a 'pay it forward' kind of company and are an active supporter of the United Way. They are one of the top companies to work for, for women as well.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 14, 2015","5.0"
"Consistent and Customer Friendly"," this bank generally is all about 5 star service to its clients and maintaining brand consistency within the this bank footprint. A typical day for me would be operating as a Teller, Personal Banker and Staff Support. I have to wear many hats as a Customer Service Associate. Managements job primarily is to make sure that all goals are met regarding sales & customer service scores. In addition to ensuring that policy and procedures are being followed at all times. Everything is very team oriented with regards to both wins and losses as a branch. Therefore, a morning huddle is done each day to ensure that the branch team is on the same page. I have learned how to seriously multitask and continuously learn how to prioritize according to urgency. Some challenges may have included dealing with needy or disgruntled customers on occasions. Nevertheless, when I see that someone has truly been blessed by my services that definitely puts a smile on my face. At the end of the day if me doing my job made someone else's life better that is a great reward.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Greenbelt, MD","July 14, 2015","4.0"
"Good experience","Position provides great investment experience and plenty of networking opportunities. Management seems to be in constant cost cutting mode and are just now trying to build company culture.","Investment Sales and Service Coordinator","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","July 13, 2015","3.0"
"Great work environment, love the customers and my co workers","Everyday is different. I go to work assist customers, talk to them as if they are my family. They ask about my family and I ask about theirs. Every week I am in charge of balancing the ATM, as well as every month I order the branch supplies. I love my co-workers, they are my other family. There really is not a hard part about my job. The most enjoyable part about my job is seeing my customers and getting to know them on a personal level. My job is located in a small town so everyone sticks together.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","July 13, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","Answer phones, count vault, have meetings about getting non customers to open accounts, different scenarios to better customer service","Teller","Former Employee","Crisfield, MD","July 13, 2015","5.0"
"Good Place to work"," this bank has a good work/life balance and decent benefits. Good place to start in the financial world too with the ability to move up","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2015","3.0"
"exciting work place","good communication by management and team between bar and restaurant as well. Had bands on the weekends and made for a very exciting work day and night.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 13, 2015","4.0"
"little room to grow","I worked for this bank for many years and through the years, I could see that the culture was changing as the bank was growing. The focus was more on sales and less on employee engagement. To me, it is important to work for a company who values their employees just as much as their revenue because we are the frontline individuals who are helping the bank grow and prosper through our every day interactions with clients.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","July 13, 2015","3.0"
"a really solid bank to work for","-learn a lot, challenged everyday. -people are competent. -management is fairly strong, people you can look up to and learn from for the most part. -people are proud to work for the brand which has a nice image","AVP","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 12, 2015","4.0"
"Productive atmoshphere and fun"," this bank bought and sold mortgages, for the most part my job was approving easements for the city, if work needed to be done by the city I had to make sure there was enough equity in the home before allowing this. My co-workers all had other jobs so I didn't get to interact a lot but all were very nice. There was so much to this position I didn't get the chance to learn the hard vs good. I left there to work for Abbott.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","July 12, 2015","4.0"
"Many changes from day to day","A good place to work, but much turnover in the WM department. There also was much confusion since the bank N merge had just occurred. I believe it was a bad timing when I started there and a reason for this lack luster review.","Sales and Service Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2015","3.0"
"Management is uncertian of what they are doing","Upper Management is uncertain of what they are doing, massive changes and overspending lead to hiring / pay freezes. The potential for movement used to exist, no longer much of a possibility","SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","OH","July 9, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and learning ground.","Always a good day start. New technology. Timely management. Work culture is Friendly. Non, as long as you love your work. The challenges","Data Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 9, 2015","4.0"
"Solid company with a good foundation.","Clear guidelines and ample opportunity for growth. Worked in the north east region. Good bonus structure. Plenty of other incentives as well.","MD","Former Employee","Anne Arundel, MD","July 8, 2015","5.0"
"Fast paced with many changes often daily","Leads the teller line daily with cash management and sales referrals. The teller supervisor work hand in hand with the branch manager on a daily basis.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","July 8, 2015","4.0"
"Financial Sales Consultant","- Ten Plus Hours per Day. - Financial Sales and Consumer Banking. - Great Management. - Reliable Co Worker - Hours and Flexibility Sales","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Largo, MD","July 8, 2015","5.0"
"Great Company","I have 21 experience with this bank and it's a great company to work for. I've been in serval different departments throughout my career with the company","Risk Management","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2015","5.0"
"N/a","• Opening/closing of personal and business accounts including but not limited to checking, savings. CD's and IRA's. Taking applications for personal and business loans including credit cards, lines of credit, and auto loans. Handling customer's financial accounts on a daily basis. Balance currency, coin, and checks in cash drawers at ends of shifts, and calculate daily transactions. Handle customer's daily needs with withdrawals, deposits, and balancing of their bank accounts. Also responsible for sales of new or improved products that this bank offers.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","July 7, 2015","4.0"
"Adustment clerk","Audit and research and correction of individual, corporate and federal reserve checks. Internal and external customer relations.","Adjustment Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh Pa","July 7, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","My typical day was taking care customers, working closely with my co-workers. Going outside the branch to get new relationships.","Customer Service Employment","Former Employee","Orland Park, IL","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"Excellent Place to work"," this bank is an excellent employer. The management is style is exceptional. I'm provided with everything I needed in the high energy Loan Modification department.","Loan Support Analyst I","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"Gradifing","I loved all my customers I got a chance to meet and get to know some great people. It allowed me to not only make great friends but help them organize the finances. I worked with a great bunch of people I miss taco Tues.","Teller","Former Employee","Pikesvile MD","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"Really care about the children in our communities","I regret it did not work out, but I moved into a wrong position and could not return to what I was best suited for. I wanted to return to Branch Management and did apply, but for not the right areas.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","North Palm Beach, FL","July 6, 2015","5.0"
"interactive and productive","Engaging with my customers and meeting their needs is the best part of my job. I learn something new every day at my job.Knowing that others trust me with their financial well being gave me a great pleasure to continue to do the best at work everyday.","Full-Time Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Hopewell NJ","July 5, 2015","5.0"
"Poor Management"," this bank has the best processing system in the industry however management is horrible. The pay is decent but if you like being micro managed this is the place to go.","Mortgage Operations Processor III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 5, 2015","3.0"
"Great work-life balance","Generally stress-free work environment but compensation is below market. There is not too much emphasis on higher education, the CFA exams are not reimbursed.","Derivative Products Group","Current Employee","Houston, TX","July 4, 2015","3.0"
"Great place to work, as if family.","Very happy working there, easy going staff and environment. Hope to find a place like that again. Forward- thinking, team driven, focused on customer service, add value and excellence.","FULL-TIME TELLER / BACK UP TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","July 3, 2015","5.0"
"a great place to work","I enjoyed working a this bank Mortgage very much. They are very employee orientated. They were very supportive and helpful when a problem arose while working my processess. If I had a question they were very helpful in getting me an answer","Document Retrieval Processor - Requested","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 3, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","A great place to work. They are family oriented and understand your life needs. I have learned so much working here and continue to learn.","Teller","Current Employee","Delton, MI","July 2, 2015","4.0"
"Good at Job Work/LIfe Balance Poor on Compensation","How I was told the job would be when hired vs. how it is today 2 years later is totally different. The level of undue stress due to lack of upper management direction tends to overshadow the benefits of work/life balance. Then when you find out that you are 20k under paid vs. the industry average it is really hard to find a motivation to stay.","IT Business Solution Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 2, 2015","2.0"
"Not a great company to work for.","- At this bank, the training was really bad. The content of the CSR's and Branch employees is almost nonexistent - PPO medical insurance is all that is offered - Schedule SUCKS!!! You never get 2 days off in a row. That's tiring after a while The employee assessments were pretty much made up of weekly call scoring. The process is not consistent and was just a horrible process this bank thinks pretending to be nice on the phone is a good way to cover up our lack of knowledge. I am a type of person that loves to help people when I can, this bank's policies and lack to content training makes it almost impossible to give great customer service. They rant on and on about confidence on calls, confidence to this bank is making stuff up on the phone to sound like truth. I've had coaches tell me to get better at making stuff up I HATED working there. I left before a year because I couldn't stomach working for such an incompetent corporation. I've worked at Bank of America before and LOVED it. If you want to work for a bank, choose another one to apply to. Be warned. There are a lot of middle (little) men at this bank Poor training, hours, benefits, and customer services. Period!","Core Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 2, 2015","1.0"
"A good stepping stone job","This job taught me a lot about the industry and how to work with people regarding personal finances. The job expectations are clear and the company provides recognition for hard work and accomplishments.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","July 1, 2015","4.0"
"My professional opinion- this bank cares about credibility"," this bank Rewards Performance, should make stock holders happy. Upholds a professional culture. I enjoy being able to serve as a contribution. Upper management encourages employee feedback. this bank strives thru change. My favorite part about working for this bank is by far the leadership examples. And it is by example, that one earns credibility.","Team Leader","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","July 1, 2015","4.0"
"productive place to work","have learned to multitask in different situaions. learning to manage more employees. typical day at work involes handling cash desposits and withdraws. ordering cash for the banch, sending out cash to our back office,","BANK TELLER","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 1, 2015","3.0"
"Loves to Hire Within!","I have been with this bank for almost 4 years, and I have been promoted two different times since being hired. this bank recognizes great work ethic, relationship builders, and someone who really believes in the mission of the company. Being in a Management position currently, I would say the hardest part of my job is when other branches need help and we have to send an employee to their branch for the day. This creates inconsistency and we lose that employee's engagement by sending them all over the place. The most enjoyable part of my job is dealing with customers every day and helping my employees develop and grow within the company.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 30, 2015","5.0"
"Day in the Life","A typical day as a Senior Manager consists of a jam-packed day of multiple meeting usually being double booked. As one matures in their career, he can determine importance. A typical day for me was attending these meeting but more important addressing the needs of the companies most important asset.....people.","Enterprise Asset Group Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","June 30, 2015","3.0"
"Great Company","This company was great to work for. They are a company that follows everything by the book. If you stay with this company you will grow with it.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","June 30, 2015","5.0"
"Company has gone down","The company was ok in the beginning. All of the old regional managers were told they were no longer needed and new regionals came in and the company started going down. Very sales driven and you can be terminated in 2 months, The Human Resources department is terrible. Not concerned about employees","Vice President","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","June 29, 2015","2.0"
"The life of finance","Going to work everyday was a joy for me. Not only did I love what I did, but I loved being able to help others and not just myself on a daily basis. The hardest part of my job would of have to be that sometimes you have to accept the fact that you cannot help everybody. Sometimes there are things out of your control in life and you just have to accept that fact. The most enjoyable part of my job working as a customer service representative was that when I was able to help others I was not only helping them, but I was supporting there decisions and making sure that they knew that when something went wrong that I was there to help them the best that I could. Also, I loved working there because you could help people plan for their futures. Far and wide. You could help people. Even around the world. You will never see them or talk to them again after that call ends, but in the end you knew that you helped that person the best that you could. Thank you.","Bank Regional Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall Ohio","June 29, 2015","4.0"
"fast paced high sctress sales environment","its a good company to work for comes with its share of challenges sales goasl can be high but the financial rewards are great if you can deal with the pressure.","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","June 28, 2015","3.0"
"Lacked Structure, and training","Training was very confusing and frustrating. Company only concerned about their profit. Underwriting center not efficient. Heavy employee turn-over.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Huntsville, AL","June 28, 2015","2.0"
"Bank Job","Working at a bank was a different experience for me. I learned a lot and was excited to grow in the company. I had a great Supervisor who was so patient and willing to teach and a great co-worker who became a good friend of mine!","Teller","Former Employee","Sebastian, FL","June 28, 2015","3.0"
"Fun workplace with lot of training to keep you updated","A typical day at work involves planning sales activities, assisting customers with account opening, holding in-depth conversation with customers to identify their financial needs and completing Teller transactions. That aspect of in-depth conversation with customers and valuing their business is something worthy of mentioning. Customers are always top priority. Typically, getting promoted takes longer period, averagely 4 years. Benefit/compensation program is not the best in the industry. Colleagues and management are friendly and fun to work with. If you're a starter in banking, then I recommend. But if you're looking at better compensation and quick promotions, then you're are looking in the wrong direction. There's high attrition rate probably due to compensation and other factors earlier mentioned. But overall, I think it's fun place to start a career.","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","June 28, 2015","3.0"
"decent place to work","decent place to work, pay is lower than competitor financial institutions, working Saturdays were acceptable until they went to extended hours","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Newark, DE","June 26, 2015","3.0"
"Poor Pay, High Work Load with Little Bonus","Sales goals for branches are the same across the board no matter if you work for a small branch in the middle of nowhere or a branch on campus, goals are still the same. Very difficult to advance. Structure of the company is changing to where everyone at branch level will have to do everything without getting paid adequately. I researched my pay based on the skills I have and I am getting paid $10,000 LESS than the average."," this bank Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Galesburg, MI","June 26, 2015","3.0"
"Good Company","Great company to work for, but the pay is horrible for what all you need to do. There is not much room for advancement. People in upper positions stay forever.","Loan Servicing Analyst II - Midland Loan Service","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","June 26, 2015","5.0"
"Efficiently run company","Quality management, good benefits, caring professionals, desire for success. Challenges related to compliance and proven production.","Regional Sales Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 25, 2015","3.0"
" this bank (customer service rep)","there requirements are not realistic, i didn't mind talking to customers however every called is critiqued and they always pic short calls to review which aren't fair enough bc your not always able to hit your points. They want you to talk to customers like you literately know them and at the same time think about your time.And most customers like to tell you their life story lol. I believe they need to change some other requirements. Because too many people loose their jobs from this issue, or they are quitting bc of the stress of this issue.","customer service","Former Employee","columbus ohio","June 25, 2015","3.0"
"Productive workplace","Coming in and doing all the safety procediures before opening the bank. Making sure I have enough money to start my day. Greeting customers as they enter and making sure their needs are met.","Teller","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 25, 2015","5.0"
"Great people to work with, caring environment.","I loved working at this bank, management was awesome and I had coworkers that would assist me as needed. It was nice working with a group of people that wanted to see you succeed.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","June 25, 2015","5.0"
"Same for all","I only worked for a year and half at the company and I worked part time. My co-workers were friendly and easy to work with. I did not receive many benefits working part time.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","South River, NJ","June 25, 2015","5.0"
"Stressful job for low wages","Lots of rules and regulations. Constantly being watched by management. Great opportunities to help people better manage their money","ATM Administrator","Former Employee","Robinson Township, PA","June 24, 2015","3.0"
"Knowledgeable Workplace","• Utilize dialer systems to contact assigned delinquent customer • Interact with customers suggesting methods for resolving short term and long term financial problems. • Use analytical skills to assess alternative solutions for account remedies using influence and counseling skills to educate customers on their alternatives and ramifications of their actions • Negotiate account resolution, accurately input and document actions within the collection systems while maintaining company performance and productivity standards. • Maintain good customer relations with borrowers and effectively solves problem in an effort to resolve account delinquency and prevent losses • Work High Balance Sheets. • Review and refer files to Loss Mitigation to assist customers with maintaining their property and preventing lost to the company. • Assisting team members with second talk-offs, which attempted to secure arrangements. • Assisting customers facing financial hardship as well as foreclosure with home assistance by pre qualifying and identifying room for potential modifications.","Retail Credit Collections Representative III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 24, 2015","5.0"
"Busy and productive place with a beautiful state park next door"," this bank was a great company to work for, but they had to sell the global investment servicing arm in order to pay back its TARP money.","Mutual Funds Accounting Pricing Manager II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","June 24, 2015","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank has been a good company to work for. I have been with the company for 6 months and I don't have many complaints. The few complaints i do have are hours, and management.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pennington, NJ","June 23, 2015","3.0"
"Fun place to work","Enjoy working at this bank. Great place to lean and great co-worker. Retail environment lots of selling and customer service","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","cleveland, oh","June 23, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Review","My experience at this bank was a great one I learned a lot from management team and upper management, Developed close knit freidn","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Plainsboro, NJ","June 23, 2015","5.0"
"Financial Sales Counsultant","Great company that is should never be bought out. If anything this bank will probably acquire more banks in the future. That gives every employee a nice sense of relief for job security.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","June 23, 2015","4.0"
"Unsatisfactory workplace with little room for advancement","With this bank's ever-changing policy changes, it became nearly impossible to truly feel secure in the direction the company was headed or in any advancement opportunities The pay is dismal, particularly for the amount of work done and the expectations placed upon the tellers.","Teller","Current Employee","Hanover, PA","June 22, 2015","3.0"
"Productive","Sales associate main focus on obtaining new accounts and meting sales goals. Poor management on all levels of the company. Looked for better opportunities","Financial Sales Associate","Former Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","June 22, 2015","4.0"
"Very settle and work/life balance was very good.","The company did care about their employees opinions through Employees Engagement Surveys that come out twice a year. They could much better in paying their employees. In fact, the turnover was very high and at some points I was working just by myself for six months.","P Branch Manager","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 21, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work","loved working at this bank. Would still be there, but my husband moved us out of town. Learn a lot about computers there. The management was terrific.","Credit Policy User Analyst II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 21, 2015","5.0"
"Great branch team and overall great company","I'm part of the management team. Typical day includes assisting customers. Many branches and opportunities in Kalamazoo, MI","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Portage, MI","June 21, 2015","4.0"
"Customer Core","My typical day at work consists of answering phones and assisting customers with any questions that they have in regards to banking.","Customer Care Center","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 20, 2015","2.0"
"corporate doesn't care","Corporate and regional managers only care about their pockets and have no feelings for anyone doing the actual work. They pressure everyone to meet high numbers that are unrealistic and then fire people because they want less people to do more work","Teller","Former Employee","Port St Lucie Fl","June 20, 2015","1.0"
"fast paced, , challenging","had to receive 5 star rating in customer service, got to know a lot of customers, great co-workers had to make sure drawers and vault balance","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","June 18, 2015","4.0"
" this bank was a great place to work","On a typical day at work I would complete the customer's transactions, pull my daily reports, help with other area's in the bank. I also order the branch supplies, such a the cash and other materials that they need to make their job easier. I would coach my tellers and other team members. I enjoyed what I do because I love my customers and it makes me feel great every week when our report comes out and it show's how much they greatly appreciate me and the service that I give to them.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","June 18, 2015","4.0"
"corporate minded","There were busy times, and down times, but always something to do. I learned a lot about laws, and regulations. The branch based management I had were all very good. I am still close with my coworkers I started my career with. I enjoyed helping my customers the most.","CSA","Former Employee","Nicholasville, KY","June 17, 2015","3.0"
"Good hours","My day is always busy,I do a number of things thorughout my day. I came in as a Teller and within 4 months I am doing the Teller Supervisor position. I deal with a variety a customers some good and some bad.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 17, 2015","4.0"
"Great","Great company to work for. The work life balance is great. The pay could be higher though. There are a lot of opportunities to learn different skills.","Business Systems Analyst II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 17, 2015","5.0"
"Fun","Bankers job i Liked it, Helping Customers out was my favorite putting a smile on their face, getting them approved for a new loan or a new mortgage.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Saint louis","June 17, 2015","4.0"
"Run!!!","This bank is focused only on making and saving money no matter how many customer's or employees are screwed over in the process. They claim they care about being green, employees, and customers but it is all a lie. this bank is moving toward branches operated by two people with no teller lines to save on payroll. If you want to cash a check a person will walk you to an ATM that is able to cash it for you if you have a this bank account. No face to face human interaction other that the wall the bank of ATM's along the wall where a teller line used to exist. You can only sit with someone if you are interested in purchasing another this bank product. This bank is a joke, if you're thinking of applying, don't.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","June 17, 2015","1.0"
"Unable to Grow","• Manage Reconciliation of SWIFT and Spreadsheet. • Manage SWIFT Verification Report. • Reconcile Accounts Receivables. • Enter Special Pricing when new clients onboard. • Manage Party ID Maintenance Audit Log Report. • Manage personal WIP and update notes accordingly. • Updating Procedures/Manuals. • Process Export/Import Letters of Credit and set up new clients when onboarding. • Enter due diligence by ensuring Client Profile on file for subject client • Collaborate with International Banking Officers to resolve any outstanding issues such as missing Legal Documents or credit related discrepancies. • Prioritize work and transactions and complete within the appropriate Service Level Agreement (SLA). • Familiar with various policies and procedures. • Participate actively in group meetings","Trade Service Analyst","Current Employee","East Brunswick, nj","June 17, 2015","2.0"
"the organization doesn't foster upward mobility .","Few very qualified people are recognized. they talk a good game until you really want to move up Unless you know someone up high you won't have a chance. Diversity is only a phrase they use. the reality is diversity doesn't exist in the Executive Suite.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh,PA","June 17, 2015","2.0"
"Ok place to work","not much advancement, great co-workers, sometimes fun environment, ok pay, family atmosphere, pretty good working hours","Mortgage Collector","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 16, 2015","3.0"
" this bank is a good place to work."," this bank is a good place to work. They treat their employees well and give them several benefits throughout the year. Unfortunately the raises and advancement opportunities are not very good.","CHANGE AGENT","Current Employee","Miamisburg Ohio","June 16, 2015","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a good company that truly cares about its employees. My daily activities include helping customers in any way that I can and trying my best to improve their financial well being.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","June 16, 2015","5.0"
"fun enviorment","The job was very customer based and I enjoyed getting to help customers and show them how they can save money and get the home of their dreams","fsc","Current Employee","Marlton, NJ","June 15, 2015","5.0"
"A typical day at work","I work almost everyday of the week except for sundays. Every morning when we open the doors, the same business customers come in and we talk about how business is going. I take deposits, and do withdrawals, and make sure all of the transactions are processed during the day.","Part-time teller","Current Employee","michigan","June 14, 2015","4.0"
"Company is very forward thinking.","Second to none in technology. Very advanced in migration in using self-serving behaviors, therefore preparing me for the future of banking.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","June 13, 2015","4.0"
"Poor management","I really enjoy working with the public. Management did not carry the title well. Relationships with certain employees were more personal than professional.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Milford, OH","June 12, 2015","3.0"
"Great Place to work","Great place to work. Love my fellow employees. Work 9-5 and an occasional Saturday. Assist customers in their daily banking needs.","Banker","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 12, 2015","5.0"
"Excellent Company","The this bank , Inc. is an exceptional place to work. Their values show the commitment that they have to their employees. There are growth opportunities, excellent benefits, a strong commitment to work/life balance.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 12, 2015","5.0"
"Great Place to work where employees become friends.","A typical day at this bank would entail the installation and troubleshooting of local and remote desktops/laptops. I have learned a great deal about Network support in my 15 years at this bank. Management seems very knowledgeable and genuinely care about employee advancement. I have worked with a great group of people at this bank and would call all of them friends. The hardest part of the job is not being able to help a client due to hardware failures or necessary policy restrictions. The most enjoyable part of my job is the joy I get from helping people every day.","Technical Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"Great co workers but no room for growth","they expect you to make phone calls even with clients coming in to open accounts. They prefer appointment only and expect 15-20 calls everyday","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hinsdale, IL","June 11, 2015","3.0"
"Calm and comfortable environment","Foot traffic in banks is slowing down as online banking becomes more popular, so it was a bit slow working in the actual branch. Customers were generally very friendly, co-workers as well. Management...well it depends on who you count. My direct supervisor was a bit passive aggressive and rude, very loud and intimidating. Her superiors were very nice, and very understanding of my scheduling needs and availability. I guess depending on the location, you may either sit at your computer scrolling through the same news feeds day after day, or you may be on your feet running back and forth for hours. Hour long lunch breaks, VERY nice. Shifts were reasonable, and it was fantastic to have every sunday and most of saturday off. The hardest part of the job was training, considering it was 55 miles one way to get there and lasted about 6 days. Miles were compensated, no issues or hassle there.","Teller II","Former Employee","Howell, MI","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"well run, poorly paid","good culture, respectable management, considerable training available, but company is like a training ground for other firms. this bank takes great effort in hiring and training good people but seems to have a difficult time retaining talent because they refuse to pay at a competitive level.","Institutional","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"My Job","I am currently a loan support analyst to where I work in the host system and changed the system to show the modification that the customer applied for. At times, the job is not hard but can be stressful. The team that I work with is awesome and are willing to help each other out if need be. Management is laid back and very easy to talk to. It can be hard to get the coaching and development that is needed since they are all in meetings.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 11, 2015","4.0"
"Don't even waste your time","Don't even waste your time...I did and will regret that I put in almost 2 years of my life that I will never be able to recoup again. From branch management (or should I say lack of?) all the way on up, I just felt like it was an out of control 3 ring circus each and every day. The only thing that really an truly kept me going was my client base even if they were unwilling to commit to new solutions more often than not. I did not force solutions on them even that seems to be the accepted norm.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 10, 2015","1.0"
"Open to employees opinions"," this bank was a nice place to work but advancement was slow and not consistant. Great leaders in place to try and help you as much as they can.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 9, 2015","4.0"
"Not my cup of Tea","Not much to say about the company management was not supportive however customer treatment was great. Training was very informative however this can be a cut throat job due to it being a sales job","Supervisor","Former Employee","Fayetteville, GA","June 9, 2015","2.0"
"Our bank was purchased by this bank and did not make our team feel welcome!","Managed several stores and handled business development. Former bank was fantastic; however when purchased by this bank they assumed that none of us knew how to do our jobs. Hardest part was listening to co-workers that were hired by this bank an only in banking a few months telling me my 15+ years of banking did not mean anything. Most enjoyable part was finding another opportunity and being able to tell this bank goodbye!","Sales and Business Development Manager","Former Employee","Virginia","June 9, 2015","2.0"
"Good place to work/ decent pay","Overall this bank is a good place to work. The retail banking enviornment is stresful in general and this bank is no different, but this bank pays it managers well and the compensation plan was lucrative when I was there. I have heard it has changed though","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 9, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work!","Great place to work. Everyone worked extremely hard and they were great to work for. They really valued your work life balance.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, Ohio","June 8, 2015","5.0"
"Productive","I Love working in the Call Center environment. I'm a team player, so lover working a Group of people everyday to achieve our goals.","Customer Consultant II","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 8, 2015","4.0"
"Awesome banefits","Nice to work. However one particular manager, she always on people case. was not considerate of other peoples feelings. she would start insulting ad downgrading you in front of other colleagues. The top manager didn't care because hi to busy sleeping with the employees.","Senior operations Specialist","Former Employee","Richardson Tx","June 7, 2015","3.0"
"Horrible. Uncaring. Slave Drivers. Sell sell sell!!!","Do not work here. Just don't do it to yourself. It's not worth the aggravation. Regional and distract managers don't care about you. They will not promote you or advance you. You will make 11.00$ an hour for as long as you work here and will be expected to run the office as the only teller on the teller line and make referrals, perform cold calls, provide great customer service, do atm demonstrations, maintenance the atm machine, order supplies, count the money accurately, get surveyed, meanwhile management plays on their computer and cell phone making triple the pay of what you make. You are a machine and cannot even pay your own bills. It's disgraceful that a company who makes so much money pays so little and will hold you back when you try to post out. Your job in banking will soon be outsourced by technology. Find something better, it's not at this bank. The CEO changed a few years ago and this bank went from caring about their customers to harassing them about products and services they don't want or need. Unless you want a telemarketing sales job don't put yourself through it.","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","June 6, 2015","1.0"
"Great!"," this bank was wonderful to me. The management is very supportive and it is a great learning environment where growing is encouraged.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","June 6, 2015","5.0"
"Great work life balance","I am currently employed as a Quality Analyst assigned to Business Banking Service Department. My typical day includes listening to conversations for my assigned teams and providing quality feedback and coaching comments to help meet the company's standards What I have learned from this position is the ability to analyze situations and provide feedback to help the consultants have stronger conversation making sure to promote the this bank Brand. I have strengthened my time management making sure I can meet all necessary deadlines and daily productivity goals The hardest part of my job is that it can be very stressful to meet productivity goals with work load while also being available to Team Leads to answer questions and also attend/lead conference calls as scheduled The most enjoyable part of my job is that I feel that my job is very meaningful and that I help to make an impact on the consultants I evaluate as well as the this bank customers making sure that we are delivering exceptional customer experiences and providing constructive feedback on opportunities to achieve this goal There is great work life balance in my current position with my manager being very focused on personal well-being and the impact it makes in the workplace. We are very engaged group and there is an equal trust between co-workers and management that each member of the team performs to their best abilities.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Work from home","June 5, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","Responsible for providing exceptional customer sales and service while exemplifying this bank's brand of Ease, Confidence, and Achievement.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Whitehall,Ohio","June 4, 2015","3.0"
"Copacetic environment with video games for break and lunch relaxation"," this bank was very good with training specific to a SPOC's role and Freddie and Fannie Mae guidelines. Management was very sensitive to any personal or professional needs that may affect your performance and always maintained an open door policy Most enjoyable part of job is the interaction with the client and being able to resolve that client's issue timely and effectively. However, it is never easy to to advise a client their request for a retention or liquidation option had been denied. My coworkers are all seasoned and willing to assist in any knowledge exchange or back log scenario and management is equally willing as well. A strong team ethic is apparent and management certainly encourages it. A typical day at work would begin logging into the dialer phone system, CATCH. Any inventory of voice mails would need to be return called per standard and file notated first in the early am. Incoming calls would need to be researched and resolved with the file notated as well. Client contacts for trial modification would need to be made to ensure timely payments were made in the late pm via Western Union transaction and with appropriate notation to the file. At this bank I learned detail specifics of the mortgage servicing industry, the importance of keeping a smile on your face when talking to an internal or external client in a high paced environment and how the industry can change.","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 4, 2015","4.0"
"Overall Satisfied","Good place to work. My department very flexible with work/life balance. Room for advancement. Friendly co-worker. Great community programs.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 4, 2015","5.0"
"Working in the basement with no windows was a big adjustment"," this bank was my first full time job. A typical day consisted of picking up the mail at the post office then sorting it and distributing the mail, followed by processing savings bonds and Abington heights taxes.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","June 3, 2015","4.0"
"high paced, detailed orientation environment full of diversity","As a teller primary responsibilities were to accurately process daily transactions while consistently creating an excellent customer service experience; Helped to build new client relationship; Ensured that requirements such as Bank Secrecy Act and Anti- Money Laundering protocols were consistently being implemented; Identified customer needs and referred financial products and services; Kept a proactive knowledge on key policies, procedures, products and services; Replenished Branch ATM","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 3, 2015","5.0"
"Great company to work for","Had a lot of fun meeting new people and helping them everyday. I had good hours, pay was good. Great company to work for, employees to management. Busy main branch. Dealt with a lot of businesses and large sums of cash of a daily basis. Helping all type of customers and their individual needs. Management was always flexible and worked with me if ever a personal matter came up and needed to be addressed Strengthened my customer service and cash handling skills, also was always very friendly and helpful to customers, face to face and over phone. Always made sure to follow up with customer till everything was satisfied completely.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","June 3, 2015","5.0"
"Great place","Great customers and coworkers, family like setting. The referrals are the hardest thing but when feeling comfortable it comes easily.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","June 3, 2015","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank was a great company to work for. They had flexible work schedules. It was a great work environment. They provided great training classes.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 2, 2015","5.0"
"A nice place to learn and excel","Work was enjoyable, except company/management wont sponsor visa for even highly qualified foreign associates. Management is nice, co-workers share knowledge and learn from each other.","Informatica Administrator","Current Employee","cleveland","May 31, 2015","4.0"
"Enjoying my work, with little work pressure","Most of the time I am doing office work due to work pressure. I learnt many things from this project like mainframe file reading, server related activity, communication with different Team. The client is also very happy with my activities towards the project. Management is good, but cross functional activities is more. My co-workers are very good in internal communication in project work, they are very helpful and we are enjoying our work. When from different projects, change request comes, then we all started working as a Team to this work.","Production Support work of Banking Project","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 30, 2015","4.0"
"Enjoyed the job and people.","I really enjoyed my job very much, and the people were great. My supervisor was outstanding. I was noticed for my hard work. We were all treated equal, and exceptional chance for advancement.","Data Control Specialist","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","May 29, 2015","5.0"
"Refresh Technician","Nice environment with people that understand you are there to help them. Coordination with end user make my job much more pleasant.","Senior Refresh Technician - Mortgage/Bank","Current Employee","OH","May 29, 2015","3.0"
"Great workplace and employees"," this bank was a great company to work for. I enjoyed working with everyone I came across. I worked in different branches across the cincinnati area.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 29, 2015","5.0"
"My branch manager was amazing","If the branch manager is good, then this bank is a great place to work. If he/she is a poor manager, it's a miserable place. The benefits are top of the line for that pay grade.","Teller","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","May 28, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fast paced enviornment","Working for this bank was a delight. Encounter with clients and being able to engage with clients to meet their financial needs. Also to try and meet financial goals.","Teller","Former Employee","Bensalem, Pa","May 28, 2015","4.0"
"Positive fun workplace","A typical day at this bank consist of me get my work area setup then its time to do my jobs processing work . I learned the process it take for customers to receive there funds.Had the best co-works they helped me nand also teached me a lot","Sorta Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 27, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","The opportunity to connect with people and the challenges that comes along is what I love most about my job. I have been in the customer service industry for the past three years particularly in retail stores. My most recent experience is in retail banking where I have the opportunity to work with a great team of which at the end of the day we strive to achieve one major goal and that is customer focus. My real strength is attention to detail and do right at the first time. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to assist customers and provide appropriate solutions to their inquires quickly and effective.","Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","May 27, 2015","5.0"
"n/a","I really enjoy working for this bank. The core value of the company keeps me wanting to work there. The company really stripes to keep work and personal life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","May 26, 2015","3.0"
"Do not work here"," this bank only allows you to move up 3 pay grades at a time. They support the gay pride parade every year. This company's management style is they love to micro manage you.","collector II","Current Employee","OH","May 26, 2015","3.0"
"Typical Day"," this bank Mortgage is the principal subsidiary of the this bank , Inc. Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, this bank offers consumer and corporate services in over 2,500 across America. this bank Mortgage "Formerly bank N Mortgage) is the mortgage division of this bank BANK. Acquired through the bank N deal, this bank Mortgage is credited with the first mortgage in the States. Major tasks were developing and maintain for DATAMART, Creating packages, Package tuning, Optimizing Indexes, Views, Stored Procedures using PL/SQL.","Oracle Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburg, PA","May 26, 2015","4.0"
"Good learning experience","Great training program, accountable for individual production, great managers and a great company to learn from. This company is still growing and has a large customer following.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","new jersey","May 26, 2015","4.0"
"Fast Paced","Great boss & co workers but had to sit in chair the whole shift while keying in the same position and it was a third shift job which was very hard on me to get used to.","Data Entry","Former Employee","Hunter Hill, Rocky Mount, NC","May 25, 2015","3.0"
"Draining place to work.","I transferred from a this bank customer care center to a branch location in another state! I have been in my new environment for a very short time (1 month) and can already feel the pressure of management for sales production. Although the morale of the employees is very low at the customer care center, outbound sales level...the morale of the employees at the branch level is extremely low. There is a severe disconnect between service partners within the company (branch/experiential team) Absolutely no work/life balance. I gave my manager my cell number the first week of starting...I thought for emergency purposes, but I've been receiving off the clock group text messages (before and after work) inquiring about sales and how the sales for the next day better increase... for the last 2 weeks The training for an internal transfer from a customer care center to a branch is ineffective. Although sales and sales conversations are similar, branch operations (security, policy and procedures) are very different. I was given some web-based training, that really had nothing to do with my new role and I am now expected to be a pro at the branch level as a universal sales consultant. I also found out through other employees and now receiving emails from people I don't even know, that I am expected to volunteer off the clock time to events that are happening within the community, to get the this bank brand out. Yes, I will be compensated for these events, but they are usually nights and weekends. So I would be expected to leave work after a full 8 hour workday and set up shop at another location - more...","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 23, 2015","2.0"
