"great benefits offer to employees","i been with this company for over 5 years, it is great company to work for. however my reason to change is i am looking for non branch or back office or corporate job.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Chapel Hill, NC","April 2, 2020","4.0"
"Great Experience","I was lucky enough to work for an excellent manager who gave me the time and respect I needed to get n=my job done. I wold recommend this firm to anyone looking for a financial advisory role.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","New Jersey","April 2, 2020","4.0"
"Quality Employer","Quality Employer, learned a great deal at this bank during my tenure. Well managed company with good talent. Our group was strucured well, we were able to deliver outstanding service.","Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 2, 2020","5.0"
"Favoritism, Discrimination, Men compensated better women","Unfair. Men paid more than women. Favoritism. Discrimination. Sabotage from Management . Leadership is fake. Whites & Hispanics always had first pick & other advantages that weren't available/options to black employees.","Banker","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","April 1, 2020","3.0"
"Severe micromanaged atmosphere","My manager was kind. No help when needed from support team and staff. It's like they pass the buck from one person to another. I should have known when the recruiter had a nasty attitude. The new hire Team Lead was rude, overbearing and a huge micro manager. I barely made it through the few hours scheduled to work. I hated being there.","Customer Support Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 31, 2020","1.0"
"Clique atmosphere","I was the first new hire the branch had in several years. They degraded everything I did and there was one woman in particular who would tell the branch manager that I was doing things that I wasn't. It was the best decision I've ever made leaving there.","Branch banker associate","Former Employee","Linglestown, PA","March 30, 2020","1.0"
"Stay away","This company draws you in with a 'false sense of caring' they will tell you they steer about quality of life, it's a lie. The pay is abysmal, the hours are long, there is no quality of life because they agree too busy trying to become what chase and bank of america are. Upward mobility is predicated upon your immediate manager liking you. Goals are only attainable if you do the impossible. It's a modern day boiler room where you must get sales for those higher than you before you can make it for themselves. Stay away!!","BSSA Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","NJ","March 28, 2020","1.0"
"Yes","No I do not wish to work for company any longer they lay-off to often every 3 years prepare for a lay-off so I would never work for them again because this.","Mail Clerk","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 28, 2020","3.0"
"Wonderful experience","Wonderful people to work with, diversity... Grateful, learned a lot, great customers, a very moderate work pace nost of the time, can be fast pace ever so often, attenion to detail needed all the time.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 25, 2020","4.0"
"Great Benefits, Good Team, tough place but good experience overall","Worked very very hard here. Long hours but got the job done. Place was confusing at first coming from a small business (non bank person). Learned a ton....","Senior","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2020","4.0"
"They Will Bleed You Dry","During this pandemic the company assessed the value of your health versus meeting their projected work output. Despite workers coming in sick they still asserted in was best for us to come in. Those of unable or unwilling to work were immediately dismissed.","Mortgage Reviewing Agent","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 25, 2020","3.0"
"Drama daily","If you are considering working for this bank Atlanta, reconsider. So much drama in the work environment and management as a whole only cares about themselves. You can never get anything resolved Because no one ever knows the answer. They always say I have to ask someone else. Team leads are clueless and are constantly giving you the wrong answers to questions. If you ever complain about anything they will retaliate","Processor","Current Employee","College Park, GA","March 25, 2020","1.0"
"Good work/life balance","In my short time here I enjoyed not only my work environment, but also my coworkers. We were a solid team who were always motivated to accomplish our goals and help each other succeed.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Thiensville, WI","March 24, 2020","4.0"
"Great Work-Life Balance","During hard times management was able to provide flexibility for my schedule to work around family life. After a certain amount of time they provide FMLA for those who need it. Advancement within the company is also extremely simple with a lot of dedication and hard work.","Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"Good companyp","I worked for the company for 13 years it had its good and bad but the good definitely outweighed the bad. I worked the graveyard shift my entire time at the company and it worked well for my lifestyle at the time","Ops Specialist","Former Employee","College Park, GA","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"Flexible schedule,","Greeting, provides a sense of welcome to all, and gives the Officer a chance to observe all entrants into bank branch. Always available for Branch Manager's security needs and concerns.","Security Guard Officer","Current Employee","Various locations","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"Main Street Bank","Great culture, wonderful benefits, good team spirit. Management cares about employees as people. Wonderful benefit of on-site back-up day care facility in Pittsburgh.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 23, 2020","5.0"
"i learned many things from there","company gives me opportunity to practice what i learned from school about marketing and customer service. but, management wasn't good enough to grow up with","Teller this bank","Former Employee","waters","March 22, 2020","5.0"
"Management is horrible"," this bank is a good company to work for but the manager at this location is horrible to work for. She is an compulsive liar and talks about all her employees behind their backs to other employees. She gives you nasty looks when you have a question to ask about your job, even though it is her job to be there for the staff. Worst manager ever very fake to employees and clients","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","March 21, 2020","1.0"
"Best decision I ever made.","I have never worked for a company who provided so many options for advancement or finding the right fit and branch, whilst paying very fairly and treating employees well.","Regional Resource Team Branch Banking Associate","Current Employee","York, PA","March 21, 2020","5.0"
"Not as incusive","If you have an opinion that differs with the management, you MUST keep it to yourself! They talk a big talk of diversity and acceptance, but there is no acceptance of any view that differs from theirs. Being in my 50's and the oldest employee in the branch, it was mentioned many times of how old I am. At the height of the COVID19 outbreak I found myself terminated for a procedural violation, well over a month from the occurrence. No coaching, warning or and disciplinary action taken, just termination. The violation in question had been done by other staff, in the past were I had to coach the staff member, and they are still employed. Finally, I was the third Teller Lead hired in the past year.","Teller Lead","Former Employee"," this bank Louisville Tower","March 21, 2020","2.0"
"Management loves to micromanage","Company says they promote work/life balance and always do what's best for the client. Definitely not true. Want you to work 50+ hrs a week as a salaried employee and make your employees sell clients products that they do not need or qualified to have or they get written up... Not a good company to work for unless you want to be micromanaged.","FINANCIAL CENTER MANAGER","Former Employee","Brevard County, FL","March 19, 2020","1.0"
"A wonderful co to work for!💯","This company is the best place I've ever worked! It is diverse and flexible and the people there are wonderful supportive and understanding! I am going to retire from here!","Customer Care Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 19, 2020","5.0"
"Work Culture Has Changed","Be cautious, check current reviews. Excellent company in 2012-2018 with positive employee culture, and growth opportunities in a customer focused environment. More recent strong pressure for financial growth, limiting opportunities for customers and employees. Hopefully this is a temporary change.","Retail Banking Officer","Former Employee","Wisconsin","March 18, 2020","3.0"
"May not be applicable now","I worked there over 10 years and when the 2008 crash happened, they made all the employees feel expendable. I worked there for 6 years and it was if you can't do it, there are plenty of people that can do your job. There are people who need work. They slashed their commission by 33 percent and made you feel like a terrible if you called out. I left the company for a bigger bank with a better commmision structure.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","March 18, 2020","1.0"
"Stable Job but Takes forever to get anything done.","Any effort takes a long time to progress. There are multiple levels of red tape that have to be cut through in departments you would not even imagine.","Quality Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 18, 2020","5.0"
"It's overall just an okay place to work, nothing spectacular.","I've been working at this bank for some time now and I can honestly say that I'm just ready for a fresh start with a new company. The pay is mediocre for the level of accountability and overall sales expectations. The incentives are not good at all. I'm bored at my location that I work at ALL the time. I don't want to work for a company where my promotions or advancements in the company are PRIMARILY based on sales.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","March 18, 2020","2.0"
"Productive place to work with great teammates","Upbeat environment that requires plenty of attention to detail and time management skills. Consumer facing and high traffic times early in the morning and evening. Best part of the job was helping people improve their financial life.","VP","Former Employee","Sterling, VA","March 17, 2020","5.0"
"Ongoing training and opportunities for advancement"," this bank offered me the opportunity to work in a team environment encouraging me to succeed with training and motivation. It also allowed to use my skills as a corporate trainer.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","March 16, 2020","5.0"
"None","Horrible place to work managers there is horrible and the co-worker are fake. The area is racist you won't ever have to worry about me going back there","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Ephrata, PA","March 15, 2020","1.0"
"Wolf in Sheeps Clothing","A decent company to work for, good pay, great hours, good holidays. Will hurt you if you are not liked by those around you. If you step out of line or say something that isn't in line, you will be thrown to the wolves. Very much goal orientated on sales goals and calls to customers who literally don't want anything to do with you.","Banker","Former Employee","Quarryville, PA","March 15, 2020","3.0"
"Not a talent base company","No career development. No pay increases. No promotions. Inexperienced managers that come and go. Promotions are only for senior leadership. You advance only if you know people.","Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 14, 2020","1.0"
"Fun working environment","I will always recommend this company to anyone because this company actually helped me grow in my scrum career. The hardest part of the work was our daily stand-ups since we had distributed team but at the end its always enjoyable.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","7200 Wisconsin Ave,Bethesda, MD 20814","March 12, 2020","5.0"
"Pay","Before joining this bank I was making $18/hr with a temporary service, the recruiter for this bank position told me my pay would be close to $18/hr with shift differential they have gotten rid of shift differential and bonuses so my pay is $15.50 an hr O I did get a .24 raise my shift is between 11-10pm I've been here over a yr now. my shift is still the same and there have been several newbies after I started ,back to the pay they have taken the shift differential","Credit Card Consultant","Current Employee","Remote","March 12, 2020","1.0"
"Too long for promotions","If you have a passion to help people on their financial journey, this is a great opportunity. At any age demographic or money status, this bank has the tools to help","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","March 12, 2020","3.0"
"Great people, but a lack of cohesion","Management and coworkers were excellent. However there seemed to be very little collaboration between groups. Overall the work was very uninspiring and unchallenging.","Business Analytics Fraud","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","March 12, 2020","5.0"
"Upbeat, uptempo work environment with excellent support","My time at this bank was pleasant and exciting. The team I worked with was supportive and helped to motivate me to exceed goals. For the most part the compensation for the work done was competitive for the industry. Management did an excellent job of communicating goals and changes.","Mortgage Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","March 12, 2020","4.0"
" this bank is always trying to feed you","A Typical day at this bank includes being on the phones all day with your two standard 15 min brakes and one 30 min lunch which fly by. Time moves so slowly when your on the floor, your on the phone taking about 150 phone calls per day. I learned a tons there your in training every other month its a lot to take in at times but you get through it. the management is horrible there's never anyone around when you really need help and they have no issue throwing you under the bus to save their behind after they told you to do something. (always record your conversations while with management so you don't lose your job seen countless people fired for things they were told to do by management) The workplace culture itself is pretty good when your dealing with other employees someone is always trying to feed you. the hardest part of the job would be taking the back to back calls and getting yelled at by customer's and trying to keep good quality scores which is hard to do because your graded on the call you took even if its a ball call, if you don't have thick skin this is not the job for you. You will be screamed at cursed at ect. the most enjoyable part of the job is all the pot lucks like i said they love to feed you.","Fraud caseworker","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 11, 2020","3.0"
"Not a good working culture","At this bank, the sixth-largest bank in the country by assets, customers can earn a up to $300 sign-up bonus with a checking, short-term savings and long-term savings combo called Virtual Wallet. The trio of products — named Spend, Reserve and Growth, respectively — come with a nice set of online management tools. But the interest rate on savings is low, and it takes effort to avoid monthly fees on the checking account.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","March 10, 2020","3.0"
"Very processed","Love that job because it very processed and prepared everything to get ready collection sort of groups the mails then ready 10 key touch deposit into the system for the headquarter company in Philadelphia for all the companies who already pay the lease or whatever it is. I have good reason leaving the job due move out the State of Texas","Business Banker","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","March 10, 2020","5.0"
"Great work life balance"," this bank offers great work life balance. Upward movement can require relocation depending on where you are located. They offer good benefits and ok pay. It can be a great culture provided your direct manager is good.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Richmond, KY","March 10, 2020","3.0"
"Worst company to work gor","Will never return to them. Hated banking after I worked for them. Very rude unprofessional and unorganized company to work for. I do not recommend it to anyone . It's has a very odd culture","Relationship Banker","Former Employee","Farmington Hills, MI","March 10, 2020","1.0"
"Meh","Management is terrible. I've only been here less than a year and we've already gone through 4 managers. Sometimes, I feel like management makes up rules as they go. I do like the 401k and spotlight benefits though. The pay is mediocre as well, it's a pretty, 'Meh,' job.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 9, 2020","2.0"
"100% Micromanaged","I've been at this bank for about 3 months and not a day goes by without me thinking if I want to come to work or call out. The system that this bank has is extremely outdated; to get a statement, you would have to go to 3 systems to get there. Not only is the system outdated but so is the building and furniture. Everything that you do here is micromanaged. With every customer, you have to write down their name and account number for a daily debrief where management would go over that and see where you had missed opportunities to make sales. You always have to click the insights whenever a customer is in front of you, if not, they get mad. They want to know why you wouldn't sell a 96 year old man a credit card. There's also cold calls you have to do. Upper management expect you to make 100 dials a week and have at least 2 appointments daily. If it's a holiday or you were sick, you have to make up those dials when you come back. They worry more about the dials than customer service. The training is horrible. They throw you into a pack of wolves with no protection. You learn while being on the job. Branch support will be your best friend because no one will help you. They also expect you to know everything about banking so you're able to deliver the insights. They would tell you to bring someone more seasoned into the conversations, but when you do, no one will reach out and you're made a fool out of yourself. Sales goals is ridiculous. You would have think after the Wells Fargo controversy, this bank would cut down on the aggression of sales. I've worked for several banks and this - more...","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 9, 2020","1.0"
"It's okay","I have no comment for this company. When I worked there I felt like the company only cared about getting sales instead of their customers needs and if they needed a personal loan or credit card or not and if they could afford it or not.","Teller","Former Employee","Zanesville, OH","March 8, 2020","3.0"
"good but stressful","I enjoyed working at this bank but was taking the stress and anxiety of the job home with me and it was affecting my home life. It also was becoming more about up-selling the customer to other products rather than just letting keep what they were comfortable with. I was not interested in high pressure sales.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Elyria, OH","March 8, 2020","4.0"
"Monotonous Work","Monotonous work with no clear career trajectory. Vague procedures and processes. Management does not help with providing clarity as they are unsure themselves of the correct processes.","Investment Service Consultant","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","March 8, 2020","2.0"
"Great place","Loved working there. Many perks, respect for the employee and their work environment. Good benefits and good pay. Have potlucks almost weekly and incentives that are amazing.","Inbound Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 7, 2020","5.0"
"Lots of flexibility and autonomy; not much opportunity for advancement","In my current role, I am able to work flex hours and remotely, giving me a lot of the flexibility I desire. Unfortunately, apart from my manager leaving, I have no room for advancement without completely changing my career trajectory. It's a good place to work overall, and I don't have many criticisms aside from advancement opportunities and overall pay. The flexibility makes up for a lot of those shortcomings though.","Quality Assurance","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2020","4.0"
"Great company","Overall this bank is a great company to work for, their benefits however are not the best, you get everything but they are expensive and have very high deductibles that have to be met prior to you insurance paying for everything. The pay is also something to be desired, their starting wages are great for those coming into the company, however for those employees that have been with the company not so much, even with job promotions you don't always get a raise with the promotion.","Teller","Current Employee","Sanford, NC","March 7, 2020","5.0"
"Flexible but with a trade off","Best thing about this bank is the flexibility. However you sacrifice salary and use of modern tech and practices. Their speed to market is painfully slow. There's always talk and planning about getting out of dated methodologies and tech stacks but in the 4 years I was there not much changed. For example, on the surface everyone gets 'Agile' training but in practice it's not always applied.","Software Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 5, 2020","3.0"
"Good","Working there was good. They need to consider and employees family and personal life a little better. Need to be flexible with employees with children.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 5, 2020","4.0"
"Beware","Most managers don't care and are very clicky. Upper management makes promises and doesn't follow through. Customer service makes more than this position with way less responsibility. Only perk is no weekends , unless mandatory overtime, and you have the opportunity to work remotely. No bonus, no advancement opportunities, coworkers are fake and will stab you in the back. The company as a whole does not care about their employees. HR is a joke and will miss info","Fraud and Lost Analyst - Credit Card Dispute Resolution","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 4, 2020","2.0"
"They don't care about their people only their profit margins.","If I could give zero stars I would. My manager was very close-minded and was not tolerant of others. They often spoke of politics and their political views regardless of who they might offend. They also berated their customers as soon as they had left the branch. It was a living nightmare and I dreaded going to work each day. I would not make that mistake again. Ever.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","March 3, 2020","1.0"
"Good culture, but prone to displacement.","Good place to work if you want to learn a lot of different things in the bank. Don't stay in one place too long, the raises and promotions are not great.","Consumer Credit Risk Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 2, 2020","4.0"
"Inept middle management","Managers hire based upon prior family/personal relationships and protect the under-performing staff by moving them to other units under their supervision.","Asset Management Group Operations","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 2, 2020","3.0"
"Great company","I worked from home with this bank and had such great support for my training team to when I started with my live team. The equipment they send was grear quality and the support team was very easy to work with. I loved the hours offered and the opportunities they set up for advancement.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Remote","March 2, 2020","5.0"
"Good company","excited to work at this bank. good interaction with offshore and onsite. fun environment. worked hard. participated in complete stlc activities and lead the team","Lead IT Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2020","5.0"
"Good","Pay is great very flexible with hours will work around school schedules if you can't handle being yelled at all day then not the job for you loved explaining things to older customers","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 27, 2020","5.0"
"learning experience","The branch i was working was definitely a team.They are more focus on SALES than ensuring that whats fits a customer lifestyle & financial well being.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","February 27, 2020","4.0"
"a horrible culture","Not a great place to work. I would not recommend, culture is cut throat. Lack of management. This could be a great place to work if people would learn to respect one another and work cohesively together.","Relationship Banker","Current Employee","Cresskill, NJ","February 27, 2020","1.0"
" this bank is a bank. They do not care about people.","Working at this bank was the worst employment experience in my entire career. The bank does not care about its people. It was a very TOXIC environment to work in.","Senior Vice President","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","February 26, 2020","1.0"
"fast pace enviornment","The daily work load was simple. I assisted customers with withdraw or deposit cash and checks. Informed them on there bank account and offered different services and accounts we offer. Hardest part of the job was getting referrals at times.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","February 26, 2020","3.0"
"Would not recommend anyone to work here","Worse company I ever worked for no stability they don't believe in there representatives the fire for little things and don't allow a chance to defend yourself there unorganized and disfunctional rude and uninformative on what's going on very sneaky company and employees in hire up are rude and they don't care about there employees and customers complain a lot","Core consultant","Former Employee","Remote","February 26, 2020","1.0"
"Pleasant experience with coworkers","All my coworkers were great to work with. I got to meet many new personalities while working with this bank. It is very diverse in the group of individuals they hire. this bank gave me my first official job and it was a pleasant experience overall.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Germantown, MD","February 26, 2020","5.0"
"THEE Best Job I Ever Had."," this bank gave me the skills and training needed to advance my career goals at a time when I had limited skills and work experience. I worked at a branch where everyone was a team player and 100% supportive. In a world where respect, professionalism and effective communication is lacking, this bank shines like a diamond.","Financial Services Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 25, 2020","5.0"
"Nice to work with most of the people here.","Would be a great place to work but it was just a temp job. My supervisor was the greatest. Just did not have enough work to keep me there. The flexibility with the work hours was good too.","Data Entry Operator","Current Employee","Downtown Cleveland","February 25, 2020","4.0"
"High emphasis on sales in the retail branch","Sales is the number one priority in the retail branch environment. Emphasis is placed on workplace safety and teamwork among the branch employees. Management was in transition when I worked there.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Grove City, OH","February 25, 2020","4.0"
"Professional environment place to work and business oriented.","Business culture, optimitics, confident and companies changes. A large capacity for job change within the company and sometimes fun place to work like any other job company.","Customer Advocate","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 24, 2020","3.0"
"They absolutely do not care about providing tools for their employees to provide the best service possible.","I've been in the mortgage business for 27 years and I have never seen a company where the managers absolutely ignore questions for weeks after many emails sent and leaving the clients not knowing what is going on. The absolute most unprofessional place to work.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Tampa, FL","February 24, 2020","1.0"
"Good culture and environment for development.","Workplace culture is good. Plenty of opportunities to learn and grow your career. The company expects employees to be engaged and for everyone to be put the customer first.","Operations Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 24, 2020","5.0"
"Fair","I was satisfy with my pay.Thought it was fair enough based on my work.Love work life balance at this bank.It's a great place to work at also awesome people.","Retail Risk Monitoring","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 24, 2020","4.0"
"Promotions","Don't try to advance your career if your an older employee. I was one of the regions top sales associate but regional associate was determined not to promote.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Gastonia, NC","February 24, 2020","1.0"
"The worst place to work","The worst place I've ever worked at in the last 10 years since I've been working. The manager was crazy !! under-staffed it was was horrible they want you to do more than one person work in they don't pay you for it the part time working is like full timers and don't give them benefits. As a assistant manager there I quit after 90 days in to top it off I hurt myself in their premises lifting coins due to under-staffed. The only good thing I can say is they have locations around the area I live. Terrible place to work specially on the west side of Chicago.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 23, 2020","1.0"
"Great flexibility","Hard to advance. New employees coming in makes more than current employees. Very customer focused. They should look more at the other contribution a person brings to the company for promotion, not just their numbers.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","February 23, 2020","3.0"
"Good Company to work","Good place to Work. Lot of new technologies will be implemented. Friendly Environment. Enormous facility to the employees. Lot of technologies will be implement in their softwares","Senior Android Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2020","5.0"
"Productive and steady workplace.","A typical day is busy and quite soothing to be able to assist the customers. Although, there are numerous incoming calls, the work can be done so quickly.","Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 21, 2020","5.0"
"They are a great company to work for.","They are a great company over all. They care about their employees. They care about their customers. They give you the opportunity to advance your career and the opportunity to enjoy the work you do.","Property Tax Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 21, 2020","5.0"
"Good Company","Goals pin workers against each other. This makes the environment not a happy place . Bank really don't care about there workers. gvvvvcccplace..place to be","Branch Sales Service Associate","Current Employee","Barnegat, NJ","February 21, 2020","4.0"
"fair","The company was good to work for until they wanted us to work 6 days a week. The stress that working for the company has work and family balance, that was a lie. Upper management didn't care about employees well being. Customers didn't feel like management cared about the branch.","Teller","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 20, 2020","4.0"
"Definitely needs improvement","The location I was at is very much driven on favoritism and advancement is based off how well you are liked. There is no support and you are thrown to the wolves with very little training. The training was shadowing someone for three days then going to training to learn able how this bank is viewed by others. Nothing to do with things like TCR jams or foreign currency,etc. This is supposed to be soemthing you learn at the branch... but good luck with that.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, PA","February 20, 2020","3.0"
"Collections","Worked in collections while at this bank, all about hitting the numbers and producing. Everyday was very structured managers were helpful. Great benefits also","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 19, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work...culture is good...family oriented...care about employees well being. Very detailed training and ongoing training as needed or when requested.","Loan Closing Analyst - Funder","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 19, 2020","5.0"
"Regional Manager Trouble","This would be a great place to work if it was like the company was not too far away in NJ. Being in the Lehigh Valley has been beyond stressful and the regional manager only cares about sales and making sure she gets her bonus.","Banker","Current Employee","Lehigh Valley, PA","February 17, 2020","2.0"
"Great opportunity","Thai is a position of democratic responsibility customers with issues on closed accounts were directed to my department and going through every avenue to help them reach a closure with this bank","CUSTOMER SERVICE REP II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 17, 2020","4.0"
"Bad Cultute","They push you through training, tell you the opposite, and then everyone at the branch acts like you're not there. don't support new people, and still too obsessed with 'Lobby Management' for this day and age. Better and easier ways to generate business, but you can't cause of micromanagement.","Banker","Former Employee","Newtown, PA","February 17, 2020","2.0"
"A great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work the work can be difficult but everyone is very supportive. If you mess up it's a learning opportunity not getting in trouble which I love! They are very strict about sick days but HR is also very supportive for FMLA or ADA Accommodation.","Customer Care Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 16, 2020","5.0"
"Great company overall","Great company. Work life balance and remote positions available. Pay is below average due broad pay brackets. Company makes great profits but employees do not benefit from this.","Treasury Management Senior Sales Associate - Officer","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","February 15, 2020","3.0"
"Too much pressure","No work life balance and unrealistic goals Management is too concerned with own upper mobility than doing the right thing. Good pay but poor health benefits.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Youngstown, OH","February 15, 2020","2.0"
"Comfortable company to settle down in"," this bank prioritizes work-life balance in many (but not all) of its lines of business. Working in treasury management, employees typically are in the office 40 hours / week with the flexibility to work from home as needed. Projects are interesting and expansive as the company is a full service bank. Advancement occurs fluidly but salary often doesn't follow as quickly. These reasons make this bank a good place to begin your career or to settle into later on in your career, but not ideal to stay in with the intention to substantially boost salary","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 15, 2020","4.0"
"Great company","There are so many opportunities within this bank, and a lot of chance to move up within the company. Great benefits, and they are always working to improve.","Call Center Rep","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","February 13, 2020","5.0"
"Run from them","This place is a joke. I've worked here for 15 years. Hard working loyal employee. I'm now actively looking for another job, should have done it years ago but I kept expecting them to figure it out and do the right thing. They literally give you a pay decrease after factoring in inflation year on year even with exceeds expectations or better and sometimes none at all. Their managers are told to average out 1 to 2 percent increases for everyone and will move you and your managers evaluation of you lower to fit that (not just in pay but performance). They do nothing for the good of the employee beyond what they are guilted into via industry pressures or PR. The decisions they make are short sighted. HR and incompetency has convinced them they don't need to actually pay employees. 1+ BILLION in pure profit a quarter (that's 4 times a year) for over a decade in a row and they don't pay their employees at all. It's astounding and incredible to me this is allowed to occur. It's unethical, immoral, and corrupt. I don't say these things lightly. It hurts. I've worked there for a long time. I have many friends and family members that are also employed there.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Corporate","February 13, 2020","1.0"
"Good","I liked how family friendly this bank was. Your need were addressed when needed. Management was good and very understanding. The work environment was good as well.","Line Worker","Former Employee","Polo, IL","February 13, 2020","4.0"
"Company overall has great standards","Overall, it is a great company. Sometimes it is reflected in the individual departments. But, could use more consistency from one department to the next.","Operations Production and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2020","3.0"
"Middle/Upper Management sucks","No development given by upper management. Little support. No self accountability. No room for advancement! They hire from 'outside' not within this bank. They talk about it and boast about it, but the company's attrition rate in North Carolina is ghastly! Benefits?! average 401K/pension. Healthcare/vision/dental are very limited. Good Leave of Absence benefits. Work for a year, have a baby and/or adopt and you get 6+ weeks off!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Durham, NC","February 12, 2020","2.0"
"Excellent. Company","Flexibility , team work , opportunities to improve your self as a careers . Employees Benefices ...,,,,,,,,,,,,, ...., ..........,,,,,,,","Teller","Current Employee","Hazleton, PA","February 11, 2020","5.0"
"Universal account representative","Universal associates are cross trained to learn all aspects of customers accounts. However, the company is more about cross selling than customer service.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Lansing, MI","February 11, 2020","3.0"
"Great personalities","The staff at the location I worked were very helpful. They made sure if I had any questions, that they were answer in a timely manner. They work with you hands on and side by side to make sure you understand the reason for the policies.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","February 11, 2020","5.0"
"work hard to move up and never get the chance","great branch mangers, i have learned so much about banking and i work hard to move up and never get the chance, hours are mostly the same until you aren't making goals then you need to work later","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","February 11, 2020","2.0"
"Innovative","Open new accounts, manage a team of 10, batch and balance teller stations, operation manager of the team. Increase sales and marketing, help customers open up loans, refer to mortgage department. Provide customer service","Team leader","Former Employee","Bensalem, PA","February 10, 2020","3.0"
"Culture","The best thing about this bank is the people and the workplace culture. Been here five years, best company I've worked for in 30 years of financial services. Highly recommended","Business Development Manager","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","February 10, 2020","5.0"
"Rethink choice","Chaotic atmosphere, unnecessary stress, no one follows up on what they're going to do, blame others for mistakes instead of using that as a teachable moment","Telwr","Former Employee","Livonia, MI","February 10, 2020","1.0"
"Very Big","Hard to change culture, very rigid. The leadership changed on a monthly basis, so any new initiatives would immediately have to be changed. Very frustrating.","Public Funds","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 10, 2020","4.0"
"Needs much improvement","So far behind in technology and is not innovative at all. The company says it isn't focused on sales but uses activities as a facade to mask the pushing of sales!","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","Georgia","February 9, 2020","2.0"
"If you are PT you will work FT hours","Because of massive under-staffing, they will hire you in at PT and then inform you that your schedule is 'subject to change' - but you will not receive FT bonus payouts, FT benefits, or FT vacation perks. They DO NOT work with schedules, will not accommodate you if you have school, kids, etc. In my experience, this bank was not forthcoming about this information, which had they been during the time of my interview I would have saved myself and them some time and not taken the job. They are not upfront and honest about how they will work you like a FT employee even though you accepted a PT position.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Canal Winchester, OH","February 9, 2020","1.0"
"Productive place to work","Fast paced department. Which is deadline and detailed oriented. Immediate VP Manager and Instrutor are always show their appreciation. Remaining patient, uplifting and positive. It was an amazing experience working by their side. The most enjoyable part is problem solving and learning different ways to conquer and balance issues. Also providing exceptional customer service. And being challenged mentally meant everything.","Operations Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 8, 2020","4.0"
" this bank needs to quit micromanaging","It is worst employee friendly companies I have ever worked for. Their systems are antiqued. The sales culture is extremely flawed. They are not in tune with today's workforce.","BSSA","Current Employee","Michigan","February 7, 2020","1.0"
"Great job","There is no room for growth, but the job is easy and everyone makes coming to work worth wild. You are given the chance to learn several different jobs in the company.","Operations Associate","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","February 7, 2020","5.0"
" this bank Isn't What It Seems","After nearly 5 years, and this bank reporting record earnings, I've not received more than a 1.5% increase and it's the only job I've ever had with no bonus dispute the fact that in each yearly review I'm told the I 'exceed expectations '","Regional Supervisory Manager","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 7, 2020","3.0"
"Terrible management"," this bank can't hire any loan officers due to the accuracy of bad management, vanilla products and green processing/ underwriting reputation it has. No one is capable or willing to help you because they are lazy and looking out for themselves. Very poor mortgage department.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Akron, OH","February 6, 2020","1.0"
"Bad","Is a terrible company don't work there is no good for you. Supervisor is not a professional person and doesn't care about your hard work and the manager instigated.","I was Represented","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","February 6, 2020","1.0"
"Just go do your job and leave.","It feels like everyone is now micro managed. In this bank you either get no manager or you get a manager that is on a constant power trip as he tries to run his branch like it was his own family and try to disclipine and speak to their branch employees like kids. Theyll give you excuses as to how they care about your life. But in reality most managers make you feel guilty for taking your sick time. While they get to leave when ever they want to no control at all, you are stuck working your 40 hours","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC 20036","February 5, 2020","3.0"
"Higher ups are very strict","Normal banking hours with 2 sat per month, management is aggressive, it is a goal oriented position with good hours. Make for sure you are meeting your goals","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland Heights, MO","February 5, 2020","4.0"
"Productive and great company to work for","Productive and great company to work for. They have a great training system and amazing staff. Loves giving back to the community. One of the best companies I have worked for.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","February 5, 2020","5.0"
"Fun workplace","A typical day would be having a morning huddle to make plans on how to achieve monthly goals. Discuss a schedule for all team members for lunch breaks and Lobby management.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 5, 2020","4.0"
"small caring team environment to work in"," this bank provides extensive training and there's always someone to talk to and ask for help. Management can be better; honesty and straight forwardness are much better than going around and creating drama at management level","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Bay Village, OH","February 5, 2020","4.0"
"Just Didn't Fit In","If you don't fit in with them, then they will fire you before your 90 days at will time is up. I did all my work, extra assignments even went above and beyond. But because of the fact, my character didn't fit in with their character, I was let go.","Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","February 5, 2020","2.0"
"Great people to work with","Great place and people to work with, great benefits, 401K and Pension. Products and services are among the best in class. Job is fast pace but great eco partners in the branches.","Vice President Merchant Account Executive","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 4, 2020","4.0"
"Work life balance and best place for work","Its environment friendly and good, Management is very good . Personal growth is good here. Its USA largest bank so secure to work here in compere to other firm.","ETL Informatica Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 4, 2020","5.0"
" this bank","Overall an excellent place to work. Work life balance is respectful. Opportunities for advancement are limited, and training is a work in progress but generally overall a great work environment.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bethlehem, PA","February 4, 2020","4.0"
"Diverse"," this bank is inclusive and diverse. The pay is fair and they offer great opportunity for advancement. If this is a field you are interested in, it is a great company to work for","ANALYST I - LINE MANAGEMENT","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 3, 2020","5.0"
"Remote availabilty","Remote availability for some positions allows for a concrete work/life balance. Managers can be easily reached for communication and there is a company culture of community.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 3, 2020","3.0"
"Incredible place to grow and make your work home.","Loved working at this bank! There are so many different opportunities and as long as you were being led by a strong leader who valued your individual and team contributions, it was a place to call home for a very long time.","Training and Coaching Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 3, 2020","5.0"
"I belive the core company is good, but the local managers and staff were terrable!","It's a mortgage job. The company over staffed at my time of higher and then needed to let us go quickly. Also the manager I worked for was not honest at all. One person can really bring a company down. The company itself is ok, although I was not there long. so I cannot say to much.","Home loan processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 3, 2020","1.0"
"i felt trapped and my boss only focused on the negative","Unfortunately, after over 20 years in the company i loved one manager left a very sour taste in my mouth by choosing to isolate, trap and discharge me .","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Paoli, PA","February 3, 2020","1.0"
"Great Opportunity","I loved this bank. I left on good terms to pursue my dream in retail. I had awesome support team members and Supervisors. I loved how they would QA us on calls and give us Feed back. I miss it.","Collection Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 1, 2020","5.0"
"good work life balance but the compensation isn't there"," this bank is a great place to work with energizing people and a good culture for inclusiveness. If you are looking to come in, do your job and leave for your personal activities its a great place to work. Upward mobility can be a struggle for those looking to quickly climb the ladder.","Payment Services","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 1, 2020","4.0"
"Stressful enviroment with lack of motivation to excell from management","The management and the cuture is not inclusive of all employees. The cuture of this bank shifted to a sales based culture and not a customer focused culture with the management currently in place.","Business Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","Boardman, OH","January 31, 2020","3.0"
"Decent company if you get into the right department","Plenty of office politics, great opportunities, but there are potential land mines to navigate that can derail a career. Fall into the wrong project and you can be sidelined. They are the big fish in the market, so that makes it hard to negotiate salary once you're hired. So negotiate upfront and be prepared to live with that decision. Good benefits, decent enough work/life balance for some, lots of overtime for others. For this I'd give it a mixed review. If you're the right candidate, you can find your niche.","Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 30, 2020","3.0"
" this bank Culture","The culture at this bank is inviting and collaborative. Great teams to work with to help meet the needs of the client and flexibile work life balance. The bank is expanding as well.","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 30, 2020","4.0"
"Employees are just another number","Most managers in the region that I worked were not qualified to give the tools to help advance employees. They were either not motivated or simply not skilled. Benefits were great, pay was okay, last but not least the technology was outdated and slow. You'd find yourself apologizing to the customer about wait times and rebooting computers daily. I tried but no growth.","Banker","Former Employee","Chicago land area","January 30, 2020","1.0"
"Poor Management","Management does not appear to respect employees from the beginning: many interviews, sometimes no communication afterward, no return phone calls after demanding time prior to hiring; the largest concern is sales and what the employee can do for the company rather than ensuring the company also fits into some of the employee's needs for better morale. It's hypocritical to ask that customer facing employees perform perfectly while hiring managers and branch managers have little to no people or communication skills, lack of etiquette, and lack of basic courtesy. Not everyone that applies to this bank carries a nothing more than a high school diploma and there are people in the workforce who would like to be treated with some form of dignity. If you live in Southern Maryland and you would like to be treated fairly and with respect, look and apply elsewhere. If you are simply looking for a paycheck and a learning stepping stone but do not care so much about how you are treated, go for it.","Teller","Current Employee","Solomons, MD","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"They don't care about their employees","Honestly an awful place to work, it's extremely stressful and know one helps you. Managers don't care, and it's very hard. You can't take a bathroom break without getting yelled at.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"Customer service","We always were to be at work on time and use our breaks and lunches on time. ut customers always came first. We always had a potluck on Fridays and helped the community on assigned days.","Customer service rep","Former Employee","4661 East Main Street, Columbus, OH 43251","January 29, 2020","4.0"
"Poor management","They're all over the place, no one knows what's going on within the company. I enjoyed my first 3 years but it's gone downhill. I wish they would value their employees.","SENIOR MORTGAGE PROCESSOR","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"Job position not as described","Originally viewed as a bank teller position with some sales. Highly aggressive direct sales position that was not as described. As an in store sales associate, you were required to walk around grocery store and try to get people to open up accounts/ credit cards. Management was fairly new and didn't offer support. Their main response was 'what can I do to help you get more customers?' Bank was very short staffed and you are often found alone with little to no support should issues arise when you are new.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Middletown, NJ","January 29, 2020","1.0"
"Positive encouragement","Management did a great job to make me feel valued and helped me advance my career. Pay could be better. Some branches offer the availability to mobile representative working in different locations.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 29, 2020","5.0"
"don't believe your Recruiter","The recruiter that offered me the job stated to me, and I recorded it, that i would only be working a couple nights a week and mostly during the day the latest i would work on a day shift would be 7:30 pm. THAT WAS A TOTAL LIE!! I have been working until 10 pm every night, it has stressed my family out to where they cant take it anymore that they never see me but for a couples hours here and there EVEN when I work from home. My cable bill and such almost tripled because i have to have the high internet and home phone, and they don't offer any kind of perks for that. The good side is, they provide all of your equipment.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Remote","January 29, 2020","3.0"
"Na","I got to work with awesome co workers, leads and managers. The pay was low but the bonuses made up for the low pay. You controlled your own bonus. It wasn't easy but if you took the recommendations it was easy.","CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","January 29, 2020","4.0"
"Financial Specialist","This position reports to two managers. Difficulty lies in whether the managers work together or not. In my case, they did not. It resulted in a hostile work environment and impossible job requirements. Its a great bank but the internal structure was bad.","Financial Specialist I","Former Employee","Florida","January 28, 2020","4.0"
"Advanced Digitial Channels"," this bank by far offers the best technology and digital channels to its clients. Has a unique branch layout of universally all team members are able to assist clients","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Marietta, GA","January 28, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to start a career for the most part","Overall this is a great job to grow with. I would recommend going in as a plat form member though. Being a teller means you have the most transaction in the bank. Meaning they constantly set high goals for you to reach.which wouldn't be bad, but they keep making it harder to hit the incentive goal. meaning you don't get the incentive pay. Since i started they have taken 3 things away that would've been a referral for us. meaning now its even hard to hit the goal. also when you are hired on, they say it isn't a sales job, but it really is. They want us to push credit card offers, and that's fine and all, but asking the same person more than once is rude. especially when its not in the customers best interest all the time. We also don't get a lot of new customers in the branch. most of them are older, or have some debt. Generally those customers do not want a new credit card. But we are told to ask and make sure they leave with a hand out. even if you hit your referral goals, its never good enough..","Teller","Current Employee","Springfield, OH","January 28, 2020","4.0"
"Good benefits, mediocre compensation, difficult to advance to upper management"," this bank in my opinion is a good starting ground. Advancing in lower positions is very achievable, but advancing to upper management is impossible... The pay is okay, not the highest, but still better than most. Incentive plan is mediocre, unless in a very high traffic/ high net worth area. Benefits like healthcare and vacation are very good. Work culture is inviting, but certain policies in place allow for employees to slack and really not get punished (my own branch experiences).","Branch Sales and Service Associate I","Current Employee","Vero Beach, FL","January 27, 2020","3.0"
"This is a great job","I have loved working at this bank. They offer so many great benefits. They offer a flexible schedule. And they always care about their employees. They have bonuses and great team work.","Teller","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","January 27, 2020","5.0"
"Experience does not matter.","Follow the leader whether or not you follow his point of view. If you are looking to be an individual, look elsewhere. This company wants you to fit into a very square hole; even if you are an exceptional circle.","RESGISTERED SALES SENIOR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 26, 2020","4.0"
"None","Best inquire jobs with this bank HR recruiters or connect with employees via LinkedIn or find contract companies to work with this bank. Find someone to connect to help you get a job at this bank.","IT Senior Business Analyst - Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","January 26, 2020","4.0"
"good company","Great company to work for. The company provides excellent training to their employees for growth. Good benefits. Good hours. Good pay. And great managers. this bank follows their Core Values and stick to them.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 25, 2020","5.0"
"Unlike the experience I was expecting.","I interned previously at a boutique wealth management firm and had a blast. I was on the phone and working hard to get leads for my advisors. At this bank the development program isn't geared towards that and I want to be out in the field, meeting with clients, and closing sales.","Asset Management Analyst","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","January 25, 2020","4.0"
"Great company to work for.","Great company to work for, diverse and friendly atmosphere. They take care of their employees very well. I would recommend this company to anyone who is looking for a rewarding career.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Foley, AL","January 25, 2020","5.0"
"I would not recommend this bank","Its becoming a product pushing company. Employees are under paid, unhappy which has a high turnover rate. Customer are affected by it and they will express their concerns through customer surveys which employees get an incentive on the overall branch performance, not individually. The goal is to reach out to others branches for help but they are barley staffed themselves. Upper management doesn't care about employees career path all they want to make sure you are getting Credit Card applications on a daily basis and investment referrals.It is all about what this bank can get. this bank make it seem better than what it is. If that was the case why are the branches not fully staffed with employees. Actions should line up with their words.","Senior Branch Manager - MLO","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","January 25, 2020","1.0"
"Being in-store was very limiting as far as customer relations go. I enjoyed the clients.","This company seemed to care more for the wealthy clients instead of those that drive the company. The every day consumer. They constantly wanted to nickel and dime regular customers but would waive fees to those who had higher balances.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","January 24, 2020","2.0"
"Poor products","not a good place to work for loan origination. no clue on needs of customers. execution is awful and management could care less. do not waste your time here","Calabasas","Former Employee","Central, CA","January 24, 2020","1.0"
"Good place to start in banking"," this bank offers great benefits and work at home flexibility. Health insurance is not great. Work is repetitive but easy to learn. Throughout the year you can be super busy or you may not have enough work to do. Most of the time your doing the tasks of 2 or more people and from other departments. A lot of politics and favoritism goes on. It is really who you know to advance in your career. Pay is not adequate for the industry and for the work. Great place to gain experience and learn about banking.","Loan Analyst","Former Employee","Rock","January 23, 2020","3.0"
"Great place to start off in the financial industry","Great people to work with and help each other in increasing sales by observing each others' conversations with the customers and making suggestions where needed.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","January 21, 2020","4.0"
"Not diverse","Limited advancement in certain markets. Unrealistic work expectations. Multiple demands, most are often unreachable. They claim they are diverse and inclusive but they aren't.","Universal Branch Manager II","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","January 21, 2020","3.0"
"Be forewarned about meeting ticket quotas","The main emphasis in the IT group is to complete as many work request tickets as possible, otherwise you are out the door. Regardless if the work ticket is extremely detailed or very simple, they are focused on the number of tickets you complete during the course of a days work. The ones who are judging you have no concept of how detailed the work requests can be, and make the ultimate decision that you are gone. Not a professional work environment. Be warned!","Database Administrator","Former Employee","Remote","January 21, 2020","2.0"
"Mostly fun workspace, but can get stressful","The overall environment of this bank is pretty laid back, but sometimes meeting numbers along with all other responsibilities can seem impossible and quite stressful, especially when they keep changing or adding more and more! I would recommend it as a short-term workplace. It pays well and has great benefits, but I would not necessarily recommend it as a longtime career if you aren't a work-a-holic!","Teller","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 21, 2020","4.0"
"Prod Mgr","The management at this bank cares about its employees. Some areas offer more flexibility with workload and location. Management encourages development, and teammates like to help each other succeed.","Product Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 21, 2020","4.0"
"Regional Bank Technology stack with the desire to be the next 'Big Bank'","The people at this bank are their best asset, but their technology leaves much to be desired. The best part of the job is being able to work from home, but even though they tout being 'inclusive', leadership makes decision without input from staff. Poor overall communication.","Software Manager","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","January 20, 2020","3.0"
"Great place to work","I've had a wonderful experience with this bank. The work life balance is phenomenal. Being able to move up in time is also a great option. I love having options for career growth. No complaints.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 20, 2020","5.0"
"Leadership","Exposed to innovative technology stack. Enterprise is moving towards micro-service, modern architecture. Agile and DevOps cultural changes are getting matured","Software Services Mgr Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 19, 2020","4.0"
"Great place to start a career in financial services.","The pay is adequate, the benefits package is better. The corporate culture is supportive and pushes employees to pursue advancement within the company. The branches however, lacked staffing making it difficult to complete any job duties.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","January 17, 2020","4.0"
"Job has to be #1","If your job is your only priority, work here. Otherwise find somewhere else. If you want call nights and selling, this is the job for you. I enjoyed the people I worked with but selling and being the smallest branch and trying to carry the entire region for goals was too much.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","January 17, 2020","4.0"
"Be warned"," this bank is a place you may not want to consider. Stressful nights to meet efficiency goals, while not making any errors. 10 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch that doesn't give you enough time to get something to eat and relax. If you go over at least a minute, you would be penalized for it. Only thing enjoyable was the people and the pay.","Lockbox Processor Data Entry Specialist","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","January 16, 2020","2.0"
"Productive working environment","The environment was great. coworkers were very nice. Had an amazing manager that cared a lot about employees and it gave out a great working environment.","Collateral Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 16, 2020","4.0"
"Don't do it!","I never felt more about place in my life. this bank always has openings in the Fayetteville area because people quit, it's hard to get promoted. Management only worries about how many credit cards you get everyday. Regional manager will do 'training on the spot' in front of your coworkers and not give any sort of constructive feedback. Be aware that if you work for this region your personal life will be expected to put on second, business is always first. Vacation time will be approved if and only Reginal Manager approves it.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Fayetteville, NC","January 16, 2020","1.0"
"you cannot trust anyone","I worked for this bank for 5 years. The regional manager made everyone miserable. If she did not like you you were marked to get fired. I was harassed. Eventually, the manager asked me to input a clients ID to issue new debit card even though the client did not have his ID with him, because we 'KNEW' him as a customer. I was reluctant but at the managers insistence issued him a new debit card anyway. Of course I was then fired. WHAT A JOKE AND WASTE OF 5 YEARS.","Licensed banker II","Former Employee","Lambertville, NJ","January 16, 2020","1.0"
" this bank is. GREAT company to work for."," this bank is a Great Company to work for, but the upper management with the Atlanta base lockbox leaves the site open to untrustworthy managers. You then lose good employees and bad moral becomes an everyday reminder. Your team feels this is just a job and are afraid to speak up.","Supervisor","Former Employee","College Park, GA","January 16, 2020","4.0"
"Pretty decent","It was a pretty decent job just make sure you stay on your P's and Q's very strict they will terminate you without question The calls were back to back your basically busy 24/7 needed more down time not enough breaks","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbia, SC","January 16, 2020","3.0"
"Very family oriented workplace with extremely great work/life balance feel.","The best company I have worked for in all of my years. It was very easy to progress to other positions and every manager was fully invested in personal growth.","Executive Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","January 15, 2020","5.0"
"Industry is highly demanding","Ever changing rules and laws make performance expectations somewhat unrealistic. Constant pressure to hit goals with many variables impeding you.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 15, 2020","3.0"
"Positive","Really good place to work most days, but some days can be tough. It can get really busy at the beach I work at and become really stressful because of this. Also customer can be hit or miss.","Teller","Current Employee","Elgin, IL","January 15, 2020","4.0"
"team spirit, productivity and opportunity for growth","Comfortable work environment. Good communication and relationship with both employees and clients. Management quarterly reviews provides opportunity for self assessment. Employee respects each other and are willing to giving a helping hand at any time.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","40th & walnut","January 15, 2020","4.0"
"Avoid This Position","The people in this position are horrible.. They tell you are able to ask questions if you need help and then when you do you are told by the manager that the people don't know your job because they are separate divisions within this job. The manager and team lead are just wishy washy and backstabbing people!","Image Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","January 15, 2020","1.0"
"Stressful","As a customer service rep, you take an average of 50 70+ calls per day. The calls are back to back with little to no down time. You do have managers and supervisor with you during every shift, but at times it can be difficult to get a hold of one of them to assist with you during your call. You are rated and scored with each call that can make assisting customers somewhat stressful, because they don't want you on each call too long but what the customers needs met. It is a very stressful balancing act with each situation. There is on going training and team meetings that you need to attend. The team meetings are not long enough to cover all the questions that other team members may have for clarification to assist customer efficiently.","Support Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2020","2.0"
"Fun job","Exciting people to work with. Customers appreciate the flexibility of doing loans via phone. Offered flex time off each quarter that wouldn't count against time off unexplained","Loan Originator","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 14, 2020","4.0"
"Overall","Overall this bank is an awesome company and cares genuinely about the employees. The managers are HORRIBLE . And not just one or two I have networked with a lot of different branch managers and have seen how different managers manage there teams. They are NOT team players AT all. They only care about themselves and their results and they expect you to do your job and theirs. this bank have different opportunities as far as promotion and advancement but manager are envious of employees that excel better than them.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Illinois","January 14, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible place to work!","Exempt employees are expected to work 50-60+ hours per week because hourly employees cannot. Senior management at Brecksville/Pittsburgh Lending facility is inexperienced and/or unconcerned with customers or employees.","AVP of Operations","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","January 14, 2020","1.0"
"Corporate bullish!$","The higher ups at this bank only care about customer satisfaction, and making money. They say they are not like other big banks but that is not true. High pay isn't worth it. Taking a pay cut to seek other employment. There are surveys that go out to customers, that can make or break your bonuses. There's been times we've received bogus surveys completed by people who are just angry they can't get their way, and it's tanked our bonuses that we received and earned. They want you to kiss every customers butt and they do it at the expense of their employees. The pay is great but that's the only thing and they use that as means to secure you in the job.","Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 14, 2020","1.0"
"No progress to move up and under paid!!","Staffing from management always implement moving up the ladder but in realistic world they don't want you to go anywhere else in the company if your good at what your currently doing","System Administrator","Former Employee","Washington, DC","January 14, 2020","3.0"
"Great co-workers and work-life balance. Some management needs less chaos.","Great work environment with flexible work arrangements. Pay could be more competitive. My job is seemingly quite secure, but I do see other 'production environment' departments ebb and flow with personnel as the market determines. .","QA","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","January 13, 2020","4.0"
"Tellers and bankers make about the same, the only differences is on the incentives","overall it been a great experience. I started as a teller and made to universal branch specialist/ assistant manager in a universal branch withing 4 years.","Universal Branch Specialist","Current Employee","North Haledon, NJ","January 13, 2020","4.0"
"Very good place","The managers really cared about your growth and are always willing to lend a hand. They pay is kind of low for the work being done, but overall a great company.","Commercial Underwriting Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 13, 2020","5.0"
" this bank seems to lack a corporate culture that promotes the inclusion and advancement of blacks and latinos."," this bank, especially in the Greater Philadelphia market, must do a better job of recruiting, developing and promoting black people. Implicit bias is a company wide challenge the needs to be addressed in a deliberate and focused way. In a majority minority city like Philadelphia it seems odd that there are so few senior and executive leaders of color, in particular black people in meaningful leadership roles where they can make hiring/firing decisions.","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","1600 Market St.","January 11, 2020","3.0"
"Stay away","This company changed from the time I started working there until the time I left. They no longer have a vision for the mortgage industry and did not value experience or quality. The focus is not on the customer.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","January 11, 2020","1.0"
"Good place over all to work","I'm currently employed at this bank and overall enjoy my job! My only complaint is the way the proceedures and training is handled . Like most I would like to see the income be more inline with other banks and credit unions.","Credit Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 10, 2020","4.0"
"Diverse loving group!","I guess my experience was different than the rest. I have an awesome group of coworkers that became a second family to me. 0010745 was the best decision for me! The manager made sure I was always trying to reach my goals! My coworkers weren't only worried about my work life, but also worried about my personal life. I think we all grew together, while employed there. I would recommend my hoem beach to anyone!","Teller","Former Employee","Riviera Beach, FL","January 10, 2020","4.0"
"Great company to work for. Trust me I would know. Better than the other Banks","Great company to work for. I worked for an agency on a contract but still treated fairly. Worked for several Banks, this bank is definitely the leader as far as how they treat employees","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 9, 2020","5.0"
"Pay is decent management is ehh","Management isn't great, pay and benefits are good. Maternity leave and paternity leave is AMAZING. Probably the only PLUS to working at this bank. Could use management improvements","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","January 9, 2020","2.0"
"Productive, professional workspace","I may be the wrong person to ask about this, because I am actively seeking to leave employment with this bank, although they have been good to me and I have made many meaningful connections and have learned so much in my time there, I have grown the need to seek change.","Retail Escalation Manager","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 9, 2020","4.0"
"Good","Many positions in the bank. I enjoyed working in retail not in commercial lending. Mostly great management. I learned many different field in the company and I have grown in my career","Retail Escalation Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 9, 2020","5.0"
"don't work at bank unless you have no other option","The staff was great, but the position its self was incredibly boring. I felt as if I was losing brain cells every time I went to work. this bank has ancient technology in their branches which makes you want to pull your hair out.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","January 9, 2020","2.0"
"Awful stay away","Bottom line you are a machine here, your not a person. If you decide to work here be prepared that everything is micromanaged and there is no way for you to be imperfect","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 8, 2020","1.0"
"Great place and challenging projects","Love this company. One of the best I have worked with. Would recommend it to colleagues and friends. Challenging and productive environment with great work-life balance.","Independent Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 7, 2020","4.0"
"Corporate management cares little about employees. The only thing that matters is profit.","I would never recommend this as a place to work. Expectations are unrealistic, cuts are made with low level employees, no such thing as company loyalty or job security, they talk about employee engagement but sow seeds of fear and uncertainty...I could go on.","BM","Former Employee","Ohio","January 7, 2020","2.0"
"Give time to learn to employees","Manager was unprofessional, coworker was unprofessional, in the mid time they go home and do your laundering and after come back in branch , costumer service was bad out side ATM they was not consider service with customer and coworkers and manager are raciest and they behaved with new people with very bad my experience was very bad with this bank I think they have to focus in internal management.","RRT MLO","Former Employee","842 st road Princeton","January 7, 2020","1.0"
"Modern Cutting Edge Office with Great People","The people at this bank are a reason to stay. I felt my team truly cared about me as a person and wanted to see me succeed. The office space was comfortable and made it easy to get work done. HR has policies in place they made it difficult to advance financially or by title, but aside from that I think it is a great company to work for.","Scrum Master","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2020","4.0"
"A day at work","Finding solutions for clients financial needs and helping balancing their everyday money management limits on a daily basis. Opening accounts, loan applications, mortgage referrals.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","January 6, 2020","5.0"
"Has is positives and negatives","I have mixed reviews. I like working for the company and although they promote working to get you a better position, some management doesn't seem to try or care. Also, you don't get paid for the work you do beyond the basics. And sometimes not even that. There is no raises and during the 'year end reviews', they are minimal, if at all.","Outreach Sales Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"just a job","I did customer service same as any other call center in Columbus Ohio. it is kind of like a high school environment, a lot of gossip and child play. but as long as you go to work and do your job you should be fine","Online Banking Technical Support","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 6, 2020","3.0"
