"The Benefits","I should have stayed with this company I could have really grown with this bank by no mad with myself.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Vernon Hills Illinois","November 1, 2013","5.0"
" this bank","I enjoyed my tenure at this bank. I never had a more wonderful management team coming from bank N moving into this bank. They all believed in my when I did believe in myself. They nurtured me into the person I am. I worked with an unbelievable team in Michigan and wonderful people in Chicago. I enjoyed my 16.5 years at the bank The hardest part is things are always changing. Technology always evolving and getting rid of jobs.","Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Chicago, Il","October 31, 2013","5.0"
"Great working enviroment and co-workers","There is no typical work day on the Trust team. Every day is a little different. We do handle overdrafts and discretionary request on daily basis. I work with a team of professionals daily; Private bankers, Investment advisers, Financial advisers, and Wealth planners. A typical day could be opening and closing accounts, handling IRA's and RMD's, researching governing documents, preparing data for various types of litigation, account reviews, client meetings, fee projects, administrative reviews, communication with clients, educating branch employees about our Wealth Management offering, detecting new business opportunities within our existing book and cultivating new relationships with clients and COI's The hardest part of my job is the continuous changes in various procedures. Not a lot of definitive decisions with system foundations. The best part of my job would be my colleagues in the Trust department. The experience and knowledge I have received from the Senior Officers has been priceless.","Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","October 30, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Prior to being sold to BNY Mellon. this bank was my employer. I really enjoyed my time at this bank. The organization and corporate atmosphere where great. I was able to advance quickly through the organization.","Accounting","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 29, 2013","4.0"
"My typical work values","I enjoyed being able to assist customers with the issues that were occuring with their accounts.","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 28, 2013","5.0"
"Friendly environment","The staff is very helpful and caring about you and your future endeavors","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Linthicum, MD","October 27, 2013","4.0"
"Unorganized company with no sense of direction","I worked for bank N for many years and then came back when is became this bank. The company puts no emphasis on education. I never had a supervisor with more education then a high school diploma. I had a co-worker who was scared to let anyone know she had a degree because she knew it would be held against her. My supervisor went against every value the company holds. She never worked a full 40 hour week. She did her best to humiliate employees by making them participate in children's games and held it against them if they wouldn't participate. She made racist comments on several occasions. She told employees that they had to score the highest marks on the Gallup Poll because she knew who scored what and you would have to meet with her if you didn't. The company then rewarded her for her team's high scores on the Gallup Poll.","Mortgage Company","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 26, 2013","1.0"
"Enjoyable atmosphere for work and great team work.","Enjoyable atmosphere for work and great team work. Provides good banking services.","Bank Customer Representative","Former Employee","Langhorne, PA","October 26, 2013","4.0"
"Decent work schedule but no opportunity for advancement","Good for a college student or someone who doesn't want to advance in the banking field, typical day was busy a lot of pressure to perform well but no reward for doing so.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 25, 2013","3.0"
"n/a","Great company to work for,I am in the service client department","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Altamonte Springs, FL","October 24, 2013","5.0"
"Productive workplace, room for advancement","Daily interaction with customers, processing transactions regarding customers accounts. Monthly coaching s are required. Cash handling during the day and balancing at end of day. Completion and filing of work at end of day.","Teller","Current Employee","Springdale, OH","October 23, 2013","5.0"
"Productive, fast paced, research and resolve account issues","Customer service, phone inquiries, resolving customer disputes, cash handling, oversee and assist in managing day to day operations.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Waukegan, IL","October 23, 2013","5.0"
"good company","typical call center atmosphere, good benefits, located in heart of pittsburgh","Retirement Services Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 22, 2013","4.0"
"One of the best companies I have ever had the pleasure of working for","Assessing my day - and prioritizing my days objectives. Checking my voice mail and my emails. Reviewing all re-submissions and underwriting all new file Reviewing USDA loans and beginning FHA Underwriting Training. Management - this bank has some of the finest managers I have ever had the pleasure of working with/for","Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 22, 2013","5.0"
"Great Place to work.","Great Experience for Leadership Development, Coaching and Development. Provide on going classroom training for enrichment. Great Managers who loved working together and coming up with ideas for employee engagement and customer engagement.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 22, 2013","5.0"
"Loan Officers Not Respected"," this bank has a great reputation for Financial Services and Banking, mortgages, not so much. In Southern California, they are known for causing problems for Short Sellers and their realtors, by holding out for more money in a 2nd lien position, and settling with regulators for large amounts of money for mortgage related infractions. But this is all stuff that you're able to overcome with strong relationships. What you can't overcome is upper management's refusal to hire more fulfillment staff. LO's make too much money anyway, right? They can also process their own loans. Recently they unveiled a new fulfillment process that would set everything strait. Basically it amounted to the LO submitting a loan package that had everything short of transcripts. It is a 90+ point check list of documents needed to get your file to underwriting. The files went straight to UW, the processors didn't get involved until later. I still don't quite understand what the few processors they do have actually do. They didn't pull together outstanding paperwork, collect info to satisfy conditions, or anything you would expect a processor to do. That being said, there were a few goods ones I enjoyed working with except it was rare that they would be assigned to my files, the good processors were assigned to the LOs who submitted incomplete files..... The corporate side of the company is horrible. The culture you find when dealing with HR, Payroll, etc. is a finger pointing, 'That's not my job', can't do attitude. Management in general has an extremely arrogant attitude, they truly believe - more...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Pasadena, Ca","October 22, 2013","1.0"
"Great company","Great employees and leadership team. Growing company with strong performance.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","October 21, 2013","5.0"
"Had enjoyed my employment with them","Opening the bank ,lobby management and greeting every client and thanking them when they where leaving for banking with us. Would interact with clients with sales and service issues. Also continued education on bank product and services and bank regulations as well as cash audits. The best part of my job was helping clients attain their financial goals.","Service III","Former Employee","Sylvania, OH","October 21, 2013","3.0"
"Achieving a common goal within a teamwork environment","Every day was different dealing with different customers I learned how to deal with different personalities. I have a very good relationship with my managers. They have taught me many things...how to do reports, improve my customer service skills My coworkers are very professional and there is a sense of team work.Hardest part of the job was the selling aspect.Most enjoyable is the customer and really making them feel special","Teller","Current Employee","New Cumberland, PA","October 18, 2013","4.0"
"New task","This was a new experience for me, I have a lot of good co-workers, I took a lot of responsibilities.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 18, 2013","5.0"
"Mortgage Loans","This was my first exposure tot he financial market and it offered tremendous training both on the products and on sales. Monthly recognition was a big part of this company's focus and in return that created for a high company morale.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 17, 2013","4.0"
"Loose work environment","Family oriented department. Made you feel welcome every day","Online Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2013","3.0"
"Happy, steady place to work","I learned various clerical duties, item processing. Working with several depts to reach a total goal was a true introduction to teamwork.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 15, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Very fast paced work environment and sales oriented organization. Working here has really taught me a lot and allowed me to gain a lot of knowledge.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","McMurray, PA","October 15, 2013","4.0"
"Great, solid company to work","A company with great values. Emphasis on work/life balance.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","October 15, 2013","5.0"
"Got laid off due to outsourceing","I worked as a Quality Assurance Specialist/Surveyer and I enjoyed my job however my office closed due to outsourcing.","Quality Assurance","Former Employee","McKeesport, PA","October 15, 2013","4.0"
"Analyzing documents pertaining to obtain a home mortgage/refinance","The position was very routine - try was no contact with borrower. All documents were reviewed for accuracy and routed to underwritin for further review - to be approved or denied The position was created in 2012 as a seamless way to have borrowers documents delivered in a timely fashion with hopes of increasing time of application to close.","Mortgage Loan Document Procurer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 14, 2013","3.0"
" this bank truly appreciates their employees. It is a great Co. to work for.","With my job, there is not enough time to accurately do your best. In the branch I work, Pressure to hit sales goals is extremely high.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Minerva, Ohio","October 14, 2013","4.0"
"Very happy while working there","I was a Remote Underwriter of Conventional, HARP, USDA and Portfolio Mortgages. I was considered part-time however I never worked less than 30 hours per week and as business increased, I worked many more hours. My manager was excellent.","Underwriter II","Former Employee","Virtual","October 13, 2013","4.0"
"Job Insecurity","I worked in the mortgage department. It's either feast or famine and it was famine for me. The laid me and 59 other people off. Management consists of many different styles but my manager micromanaged so much so that I suffered in advancement.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 12, 2013","3.0"
"Productive Fun place to work","A typical day is to Open the branch, Log onto your computer, unlock the vault, get drawers out, run night drop deposits, open the branch, run deposits, withdrawals, answer any questions that clients may have about accounts, cash checks, balance drawer at the end of the day, and close the branch. Management was always great. They were very helpful and hardworking. I used to work with a great team who was always fun, productive and reliable.","TELLER ASSOCIATE","Former Employee","Athens, AL","October 12, 2013","2.0"
"Productive and successful workplace with energetic employees","Establish and maintain relationships with individual or business customer, Manage staff sales results vs branch goals, coaching staff around banking conversation with customers","Branch Manager","Former Employee","New Providence, NJ","October 12, 2013","5.0"
"My job is rewarding daily, you never know just how much of a difference you will make in someones life, even if it is just a smile, an open ear.","My day starts out with getting my drawer, and signing onto my computer, making sure that I am stocked with cash, and other essentials that is needed to run a smooth shift, then we have our team meeting, which is sometimes fun, but mostly informative, then our doors open up to our customers. I have found that everyday is a learning experience at my job, for one we have courses that we take, and just customer interaction, you never know what a customer needs, would like you to do, or find out for them. I enjoy my co-workers we work as a family instead of a team, we help one another, we can also make the day go by fast just for the little things that we do to encourage the other person. The hardest thing about my job I think is when you work for a big branch, you lose some of the personal connection with your customers, and sometimes that is difficult, most customers want that personal one on one, and in my position as a teller you have to look at everything and sometimes not that you want that but it gets lost because you are trying to help and get your customers in and out in a reasonable time. The most enjoyable is when my customer have a problem and you have helped them and the look on their faces have that relieve smile, and you hear thank you, to me helping my customers is so important, and making sure that their needs are met me a lot.","Teller","Current Employee","Township of Cranberry, PA","October 12, 2013","4.0"
"Great bank to work for; had good bankig products such as the virtual wallet checking account","My personal experience does not represent overall bank overlook but the branch I worked at was under-staffed and had a high-volume foot traffic that was clearly unmatched for the skeletal staff provided. I also believe, the branch manager had numerous emblematic flaws from poor communication, to work load distribution, and overall staffing to meet demand.","Customer Services Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","October 12, 2013","5.0"
"Pretty good over all","A life in the banking world. I made a career change and decided to change job paths Everything was managed well overall.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Hilliard, OH","October 11, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and Professional Work place",".A typical day consisted of field marketing outreach for this bank. We utilized different outreach strategies such as residential blitzing, hand to hand marketing, and business blitzing. The most exciting part of my job was meeting new people and the success we would have when generating leads and developing new business accounts.","Marketing Manager","Current Employee","Boynton Beach FL 33426","October 11, 2013","5.0"
"Good work place","Many years as Teller. Enjoyed most of the time. Meeting sales quota the hardest part of job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Parchment, MI","October 10, 2013","5.0"
"business banking","banking, networking, business banking, treasury management, cash management, merchant services","Merchant Services","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 10, 2013","5.0"
"Fast paced work enivronment","A typical day at work was at least a steady flow of people who came in the lobby or through the drive thru. I have learned quite a lot from the clients and coworkers at this bank. My coworkers were friendly and helped me out when I had any questions. Hardest part of the job would be dealing with clients who had a bad customer service experience and try helping them come to a solution to their problem or frustraion.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","October 9, 2013","4.0"
"Average day at woork","Customers Service helping customers meet there financial goals and taking care of there needs. Assisting tellers in check approvals. Balancing and loading ATM's. Taking loan applications and closing loans. Sales referrals to other business partneers. Openning and closing branch. Customer retention. Having quick starts in the mornings to get staff going. Openning checking,savings and Indiviual Retirement accounts.","BFSC","Former Employee","950 N Shadeland Ave. Indianapolis, IN 46219","October 9, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great large Bank, I've learned a lot of skills, coaching, leadership, loans, communicating with all different kinds of people. Management does not always see the employee's side who are doing the day in and day out work.","Senior Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Outside of Philadelphia PA","October 9, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","It is a good place to work, learned a lot about myself management is great","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Greenwood, IN","October 9, 2013","5.0"
"Great Place to work","During my time at this bank Mortgage, I assisted homeowners understand their mortgage accounts by offering them assistance when they call in with questions regarding taxes, insurance, escrow, refinancing and with government programs they may be qualified for. My experience has also caused me to be promoted and work as a help desk representative to other this bank employees who also have questions about customers they were assisting.","Mortgage Consultant","Former Employee","Centerville, OH","October 9, 2013","5.0"
"It's a bank they are all the same","Normal bank job, All you have to know is basic Policy and Procedures. Upper Management has unrealistic goals. All but one of my co-workers are great the one I do work with doesn't want me there and proves it to me every day I go to work. The hardest part of my job is seeing him everyday. The most enjoyable is when he is no there.","Customer Service Assistant","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","October 8, 2013","3.0"
"Excellent"," this bank is a great company to work for. Their training is consistent and on going, well tailored for the position Management treats employees as professionals and supports everyone in a professional manner.","Conventional Residential Underwriter II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 8, 2013","5.0"
"Fun place to work, employees are very much appreciated","The hardest part of the job is the hours and split days off. What I like most about it is the employees and mangers, everyone is very friendly and it is very much a team atmosphere. Everyone from co-workers to management is approachable and willing to help. A majority of my day is spent on the phone with customers going over their account and their options to cure the default. However the day is broken up with team meetings, web based trainings and team building activities.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 7, 2013","4.0"
" this bank provides a comprehensive atmosphere of positivity, encouragement and growth on a personal and professional level.","-Every day begins and ends with compliance to policy and procedure, mitigating risks and maximizing sales opportunities in an exciting market. -There is an ongoing learning process in which conversation skills and the ability to flexibly navigate verbal and physical cues to expand this bank's overall share of wallet and impeccable customer service -My co-workers, myself included, understand that with no there are no caps on earning or growth potential, except those we place on ourselves. -Short staffing has been the only major difficulty, but any mileage is compensated though traveling has become a necessity to retain employment and compliance such as dual control. -The most fulfilling part of my current position is the fact that when presented correctly there is no need to sell anything. It is my responsibility to present opportunities for potential clients to realize I provide solutions for trends they already display, therefore uncovering benefits that they are entitled to.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Northern Virginia","October 7, 2013","4.0"
"Good place","* Good for learning. * A lot of focus on sales. * Nice group of people. * Good for customer Services","Teller","Former Employee","Herndon, VA","October 7, 2013","3.0"
"Busy branch with a lot going on","a very busy branch with a lot of money going in and out. Had great co-workers and regular customers. I learned laws about money and government reporting. Stressful environment.","Bank teller","Former Employee","Bensalem, PA","October 7, 2013","4.0"
"Good Company","Its a good company it just has a huge staffing issuse and the work life balance is not great.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","stafford, VA","October 6, 2013","4.0"
"productive","very good company. work environment was good. had awesome time. competitive environment","SSAS Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2013","4.0"
"Good place to work","All way merging with other company and jobs are phasing out.","Trust Operation Clerk","Former Employee","1600 Market Street","October 4, 2013","4.0"
"great place to work","• Personal loans and credit card assistance • Promote the sale of bank products and cross-sell existing bank services to customers. • Assist customers with funds and availability questions, disputed items, and maintenance • ATM management, Vault telle • Build relationships with customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","October 4, 2013","5.0"
"Disappointing","I expected more from a company who expected such high standards.","Teller","Former Employee","Newbury, OH","October 4, 2013","3.0"
"Great Values","I love the company for there values and how they manage the consumers money. My pull back from this company is how the manage there employees and the lack of care","FSC","Current Employee","Glenelg, MD","October 3, 2013","3.0"
"Educational","Helped me allot understand financing and where to go, and how to help lead customers in a positive manner.","Assistant teller supervisor","Current Employee","Saint Charles, IL","October 2, 2013","5.0"
"Productive workspace","My most enjoyable parts of this company were that I was able to pass my knowledge as an assistant branch manager to the bankers and tellers in regards to product knowledge, transaction, ways of handling a difficult customer, and how to fully assess and recommend products to a customer.","NMLS 628699","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2013","5.0"
"Fun,","So much to do. One of the best retail jobs I had. Halloween was a lot of fun","Banking Consultant","Former Employee","Warminster, PA","October 2, 2013","3.0"
"Productive and Fun place to work","Enjoyable work environment. Business strategy and forward thinking management","Processing Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 1, 2013","5.0"
"Good place to work.","Good place to work for a decent pay, Mostly sales focused, good atmosphere.","Teller","Current Employee","Burbank, IL","October 1, 2013","4.0"
"Branch Manager","Lead a team of 10+ mployess through development, coaching through a customer service focused environment.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","October 1, 2013","4.0"
"Basic work place","Collect ATM deposits, post them to accounts, wait on customers in which I wouls either cash checks, or take deposits. Co workers were nice, most enjoyable would be talikng to customers","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2013","3.0"
"nice place to work","fair management., flexible hours, good recognition of employees","TEAM LEADER","Former Employee","philadelphia, pa","September 30, 2013","4.0"
"Wealth Management","I develop business internally by maintaining and expanding strong relationships with line of business partners. I've learned that the company functions differently from the head quarters and is attempting to establish a brand in this market. Management means well but is still trying to figure it all out. My co-workers are a mixed bag, as in most office environments but everyone must have a business development mind set. The hardest part of my job is making sure everyone can see the forest through the trees and developing our brand. The most enjoyable part is when you see the information click for someone.","Channel Development Advisor","Current Employee","Florida","September 30, 2013","3.0"
"Great company they know how to choose their employees","I enjoyed my position and my co-workers were awesome. the company has great values, however, you have to make sure you are on good terms which your regional manager. If not they will have it out for you.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","West Windsor, NJ","September 29, 2013","4.0"
"great workplace","answering incoming and outgoing call breaking down equipmen troubleshooting calls","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2013","5.0"
"demanding job with lots of responsibilities.","What i have learned is that we are disposable and technology is replacing us quickly. Young management doesn't respect the knowledge older workers have. Working with the public is rewarding.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 28, 2013","4.0"
"You'll never be bored","You do the same thing, day after day but every day you have different circumstances which vary depending on the customer your waiting on. Never a dull moment, always something to be learned. Once you learn your customers your in like flenn.","Back up Supervisor","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 26, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","The first 7 years of employment gave me everything that I needed in an employer. With the reconstruction the heart has been taken out of this bank. This has taken away my excitement and interest in my job.","Regional Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 26, 2013","5.0"
"Excellent workplace","A typical day at work includes: reviewing daily reports, gathering data to track the progression of our new technology rollout for 14 branches, mentoring new tellers for our region, training staff members on our new banking system, formatting new spreadsheets and distributing them to the rest of our region, monitoring/setting sales goals, keeping files updated and ensuring compliance set by the bank and Loss Prevention sector.","Head Teller","Current Employee","Raritan, NJ","September 25, 2013","5.0"
" this bank takes pride in strengthening and enriching the communities.","Working in the corporate sector of the company, one would assume daily activities are routine since I am not working directly with the public. That could not be further from the truth. I could plan what I am going to do the next day, but one email can take me off track and even take up half of my days work. I do not mind it though. I love being busy and learning daily. That takes me to what I have learned about myself as an individual and an employee. I am very proactive and take initiative. I learned that I am one to pass the buck. The buck stops with me, if it gets to me. I am not afraid to admit when I am not familiar with anything because I know that the opportunity is there to learn and grow and I am willing to seize it. Management has to be approached on a person by person basis. It all boils down to personalities and how everybody meshes together. It is all about setting the expectations, boundaries. Based on my observation, management style in general is top down, but may not work for everybody. My co-workers for the most part are great to work with. We all are working towards the same goal personally and professionally. We have adapted the company's culture. Those who do not agree with the culture of the company tend not to last very long with the company and usually seek employment elsewhere. The hardest part of the job is working with so many personalities and satisfying everyone. The most enjoyable part is conquering the hardest part of the job by making it the easiest part of the job. At the end of the day, we are all human-beings are - more...","Regional Coordinator","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 25, 2013","4.0"
"Customer Service"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. My typical day consisted of traveling to branches throughout the West Essex Region.","Floating Teller","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","September 24, 2013","5.0"
"Great Management but some drawbacks","Depending on the schedule that was always changing based on having a staffing issue, some days I would open the branch but usually i would always close. My manager was fantastic but my supervisor had communication issues with explaining scheduling conflicts. My coworkers were a joy to work with and they really made the transition from one banking atmosphere to another very smooth. The hardest part of the job was being treated the way i was by my supervisor. She acted as if i was completely new to banking instead of acknowledging that i had been doing that job for 7 years. The most enjoyable part of the job was bonding with my coworkers and getting to know the customers so as to gauge their banking needs.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","September 23, 2013","4.0"
"fun place to work","I worked for this company for a couple of years. It helped me get through school and still have me enough time to balance between other things. Co-workers and management are very nice and helpful. There is a lot of room to grow.","Service","Current Employee","Bordentown, NJ","September 23, 2013","5.0"
"ETL Developer","• Extensively used ETL to load data from Flat Files, XML, Oracle to Oracle 9i. • Involved in Designing of Data Modeling for the Data warehouse. Involved in Requirement Gathering and Business Analysis. • Developed data Mappings between source systems and warehouse components using Mapping Designer. • Implemented Slowly Changing Dimensions (Type 2: versions) to update the dimensional schema. • Worked on different types of transformations like source qualifier, expression, filter, aggregator, rank, update strategy, lookup, stored procedure, sequence generator, joiner, XML. • Involved in the performance tuning of the Informatica mappings and stored procedures and the sequel queries inside the source qualifier • Used Autosys to Schedule jobs/batches. • Involved in the Performance Tuning of Database and Informatica. Improved performance by identifying and rectifying the performance bottle necks. • Wrote PL/SQL Packages and Stored procedures to implement business rules and validations. • Responsibilities included validating business rules calculations against source data, communicating data gaps along with potential solutions to address gaps, and working with other business analyst to create source to target mappings. • Involved in Change Control process for the application by facilitating group meetings, one-on-one interview sessions and email correspondence with work stream owners to discuss the impact of Change Request on the project. • Ensured all artifacts complied with corporate SDLC Policies and guidelines. Prioritized outstanding defects and system problems, ensuring - more...","ETL Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 22, 2013","5.0"
"Flexible hours","Have 13 branche 6 business bankers. High commissions. Have 13 sales executives that I mentor. Territory manager for 10 years","Team Leader - Central Jersey","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 22, 2013","5.0"
"Laid back environment","Very good place to work and get your foot in the door for this career path","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Woburn, MA","September 21, 2013","5.0"
"Banking World","A typical day at work is interacting with clients and making sure all their requests and transactions are met. Referrals and sales are a constant part of the day, recognizing opportunity and offering products accordingly I have learned about banking and all the laws and rules that come along with it The hardest part was learning all the policies and being capable of passing a bank audit with one on one questions on policies The management has taught me what it takes to work as a team player and allow for success. Most enjoyable part of the job is the interaction with the clients and all my co-workers.","Bank Teller","part time","Palm Harbor, FL","September 19, 2013","4.0"
"An environment in which work was encouraged and fun.","All day interfacing with clients and prospects, selling investments and bank products. I opened checking, savings, certificates and mortgages for the bank I sold financial planning and investment products on the securities side of the bank. Hardest part of the job was defending my clients needs from management insistence that the most profitable for the bank products should be recommended. The most enjoyable part of the job was in resolvin the issues in my favor. Co-workers were bright, resourceful and congenial. I learned to assist customers and clients in resolving issues and creating satisfaction. I enjoyed all aspects of my work.","Licensed Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Punxsutawney, PA","September 18, 2013","2.0"
"Very disheartening","I worked at this bank during the collapse of the mortgage industry. Their objective was not customer satisfaction, but rather it was solely about obtaining TARP money from the federal government by way of aquisition of bank N Bank.","Mortgage Officer","Former Employee","York, PA","September 18, 2013","2.0"
"Usual day","• Assist clients with monthly billing details to increase customer knowledge. • Aid clients with the best possible solutions to increase customer satisfactio. • Adjust fees and keep accurate records. • Monitor client accounts for security breache • Toggle between screens to use banking software and operate phone system for speedy and accurate service","Credit Card Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 18, 2013","4.0"
"Fun workplace","I loved working at the bank, Because I was trusted to handle a large amount of cash. I learned so many new things from working at the bank. I learned how to count money a different way, and also how to handle customers that didn't speak English.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 17, 2013","4.0"
"Good working environment with strong leadership.","I worked specifically with the Fast Path team during my time at this bank Mortgage. This team was built to process loans at a faster rate than the current 90 day norm. I was in charge primarily of updating and verifying the hazard and flood insurance documents for potential loans. I reached out to insurance companies daily to receive updated documents which helped loans get to processing at a quick rate. My co-workers and I worked exceptionally hard and had fantastic results as the first group of Fast Path team members. The hardest part of the position at times was just waiting for the insurance carriers to send over the updated documents. Often many calls had to be placed to remind them to send the information over. But overall the job was extremely enjoyable. Especially on a day when you were able to tell the borrower everything was going smoothly. Having a good relationship with the borrower really help make it apparent you were helping someone out and made the job very enjoyable.","Fast Path Hazard Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2013","5.0"
"Very good group to work for","Professional, the American express of Branch Banking. Job has benefits of personal recognition in community and the opportunity for advancement. Pay is better than most, but needs to be raised. Most educational experience I have had.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Hockessin, DE","September 16, 2013","4.0"
"Changing Bank Envoironment"," this bank is going through the hard times in banking just like every bank. As banking continues to evolve less people are necessary, in order to conduct the banks day to day business. Therefore, jobs that in the past were relationship building jobs have become sales jobs pushing widgets. I believe that the customer still can be helped but as Chase Bank became more sales driven the smaller banks followed suit."," this bank Baner","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","September 14, 2013","4.0"
"This is a fun place to work","I really love this Job. I left only cause I knew I wouldn't want to make this a career.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 12, 2013","5.0"
"Ok company","Ok company. The people are ok. There are 6 tellers 2 are full time and 4 are part time. There is never enough help. The training was easy and the system is easy to use","Teller","Current Employee","Fayetteville, NC","September 11, 2013","3.0"
"Hard but okay to work","The time I started working at this bank, they were merging with the Mercantile Bank which I was working at and I stayed there and was hard and fun.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Chantilly, VA","September 10, 2013","3.0"
"Great co-workers","Had great and friendly co-workers. The customers were also very nice and pleasent to work with. The company focus on sales more than anything else. The turnover is also horriable.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Hartselle, AL","September 7, 2013","3.0"
"Absolutely LOVED this job","this was a great learning environment with management that genuinley cared acout you as a person and the growth of your career.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","September 6, 2013","5.0"
"relaxed environment, enjoyable place to work","I was a part-time teller that eventually went to full-time. The pay wasn't that great but it was good place to work for a single mom with a small child.","Teller I","Former Employee","Pennsauken, NJ","September 6, 2013","4.0"
"Tellers are a 'dime a dozen.'","Highly stressful based on customer interaction, we must adhere to banking rules and often have to repeat the same thing to a customer. Working with large amounts of cash can be very stressful when out of balance I learned how to sell. This job was 90% sales 10% banking in terms of cashing checks and making deposits for customers. Management was very strict, often would talk on a weekly basis about sales levels and areas of self improvement Co-workers were all fairly young, willing to learn, but most of all, they needed to sell products as well in order to be recognized. The hardest part of my job was learning how to be assertive to customers who were shallow. I've had several instances in which I denied a customer funds from a check because of an expired drivers license and gotten called everything but my name. I was able to develop a system of which to talk to certain people. Those who understand finance I can carry on a professional conversation that uses bank terminology to land a sale and they would understand and accept the sale.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Carnegie, PA","September 5, 2013","5.0"
"Good Guy Bank"," this bank has a strong sense of corporate responsibility and generally treats their people fairly. It does suffer from the problem most large banks do, that it is hard to get noticed and move up.","Multiple Positions","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 5, 2013","4.0"
"start out job not a career","This is a good place to start out. Not a great place for a career.","Banking Teller Representative","Former Employee","Butler, PA","September 5, 2013","3.0"
"productive and fun environment place to work","Good company to work for. Fun environment, Great value, Warm culture, career development, opportunity to grow","Branch Manager","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 5, 2013","3.0"
"Customer Friendly","responding to inbound calls, high call volume, organizational skills, etc...","CSR III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 4, 2013","2.0"
"Overall Great Company","Corporately strong, amazing company to work for. Micromanaging atmosphere not a plus. The most enjoyable part of the job is the client interactions; being able to meet and exceed a clients financial goals.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","KY","August 30, 2013","5.0"
"Good Company","A very relaxing atmosphere to work with. Everybody gets along with each other, people are ready to work and teach you whatever you don't know. Hardest part is EOM you cannot leave till all project are taken care off","Quality Assurance Tester","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","August 30, 2013","3.0"
"Team player theme with sales and profitability goals.","Interact with customers processing transactions and identifying additional needs to refer to other lines of business.","Customer Service Associate II","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","August 30, 2013","3.0"
"Pay"," this bank does NOT like to pay their employees. Management is unethical and dishonest. They support PBS children's programming but won't pay their employees, whom most have children (major contradiction). They employee underwriters, who are 'untouchable'....they will not communicate with you and their processors have poor communication skills and most of my clients complained about the processors they were assigned to. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!","Loan Consultant","Current Employee","Somewhere in the USA","August 30, 2013","1.0"
"Productive, and fun workplace","Good managers, open to suggestions. Typical day at work, reviewing reports for new incoming files, updating Loan officers, and market managers on status of files. Hardest part would be the end of the month. Most enjoyable is when customers are happy.","Consumer Direct Loan Officer","Current Employee","Westchester, IL","August 30, 2013","4.0"
"Ok"," this bank is a great place to be if you work in one of the faster branches. If you find yourself in a slow paced branch you will want to tear out your own hair. You'll be lucky to see 5 people a day in the branch, and still be expected to meet all sales goals (which are you uniform across the this bank market no matter how busy or not busy you are). Expected to make 20 cold calls calls a day.","PERSONAL BANKER","Current Employee","Grand Ledge, MI","August 30, 2013","4.0"
"Good learning experience, but pay is low compared to work","- upper management is organized but now on the low levels. - great co-worker - hardest part is going into the aisles to find clients","Financial Associate","Current Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","August 29, 2013","4.0"
" this bank must hate their employees."," this bank is forcing all their employees to a high deductible insurance plan starting in 2014. The wages are the lowest in the industry. Market goals are unreachable and even though personal and branch goals are meet, still forced to work late and extra saturdays. All management does is mirco-manage, along with unfair policies that only turn co-workers against each other. Changing pay structure to allow new employees to the bank at a higher pay rate than current employees. No advancement from within.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Michigan","August 29, 2013","1.0"
"Productive and fun workplace.","Responsible for providing great costumer service to the clients while multi-tasking transactions to meet costumer needs. I learned to be patience, friendly, good listener, understanding and to always smile. Great place to work with a friendly environment. The hardest part of the job is not making the client happy while protecting company assets. The most enjoyable part of the job is making the client happy and satisfied.","Teller","Former Employee","Passaic, NJ","August 29, 2013","5.0"
" this bank","Compensation - fair. BenefitsCulture - fair. ValuesJob Security - needs improvemment. AdvancementManagement - needs inprovement. Work / Life Balance - fair","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 28, 2013","5.0"
"quality work environment","Small business banking. Customer service and sales. Team Lead. Retention Specialist","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","August 27, 2013","4.0"
"Great company","An essential part of an organization that is committed to helping customers and employees reach their goals. Values diversity and cares about social responsibility.","Senior Fiduciary Associate","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","August 27, 2013","4.0"
"Good place to work"," this bank offer a large spectrum of training and knowledge enhancement.","Auditor","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 27, 2013","5.0"
"Loved working at this bank","I was a AVP in the Business Banking Group. Unfortunately when this bank bought bank N I was 1 of 6,000 let go. Management encourages healthy work/life balance. They value their workers and the bank is run the right way.","Assistant Vice President Business Banking","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2013","5.0"
"Moving in the right direction","Changes in upper management will bring new ideas and upgrades that are needed.","Technical Project Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","August 26, 2013","4.0"
"Workplace with great concern for employees' happiness"," this bank has been a wonderful employer and I do not want to leave the company or my team of employees but there are no careers available for me in this area that allow me to use my degrees, knowledge, experience, and drive to my full potential.","Teller Supervisor II","Current Employee","Frankenmuth, MI","August 25, 2013","5.0"
"successful","Workplace bankin Good work ethics. Great management. Helpful guidelines. Helpful employee support","Financial Sales Consultant I","Current Employee","MERRIFIELD VA","August 25, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company","Great people and culture. Excellent work/life balance. Lots of promotions from within. Emphasis on training young employees. Upper management is very accessible.","Wealth Management Employee","Current Employee","PA","August 24, 2013","5.0"
"Good not great.","I had a good team to work with, unfortunately the management did not understand cultures and family situations.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","August 24, 2013","3.0"
"Great Company","A typical day is exciting and rewarding. I enjoy being a resource and gaining the respect of the employees and customers. What I've learned is each day bring new challenges, but with an open mind, morals and integrity you can overcome anything. The direct management and through out the chain of command are very supportive. The hardest part of the job is pleasing everyone. The most enjoyable part of the job is for everyone you can not please there is at least one who appreciates and respects all that you can do and that makes it all worth it.","In-Store Assistant Manager II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2013","5.0"
"Typical Bank","Sales are all that matter. Large company where the average employee gets lost and can't really move up anywhere. Bad hours.","Full Time Teller","Former Employee","Camp Hill, PA","August 23, 2013","3.0"
"Lots of opportunity","Overall each day was something new dealing with the public. I felt secure in knowing that customers entrusted their lives with me in handling their financial decisions. My coworkers have made long time friends over time. Although the job itself was hard a times trying to convince customers that there was something better that they should have. That's all a part of a sales atmosphere.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Dover, DE","August 23, 2013","5.0"
"Good work place with a strong sense of team work.","A typical work day there was dedicated towards good and accurate customer service, I spent lots of time handling cash, counting down drawers, greeting customers, cutting money orders and cashiers checks, and preparing mail orders out going and incoming.","Teller","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","August 23, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyable work place and employees","As an Estate Paralegal, I assist in the administration of estates in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Washington D.C., and Virginia. I prepare and file various documents at the Register of Wills or Courthouse to open the estate, report assets, notify beneficiaries and heirs, submit accountings, and request payment of commissions. I also assist in arranging appraisals for real and tangible personal property; contact other financial institutions to collect assets and financial information of the decedent for State and Federal Estate Tax purposes. I use Microsoft Office daily to compose and send correspondence. I also use various other systems to open estate accounts, perform and keep track of banking transactions in the estate account and to make distributions upon the closing of the estate, and to send and receive emails, pdfs, etc. I like and get along with my coworkers, and we often assist each other whenever needed A typical day of work involves not only contact with other departments and employees at this bank, but also with other agencies and financial institutions The most enjoyable part of my job is no two estates are alike; I learn something new with each one.","Estate Paralegal","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 21, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyed working there but was downsized when it was bought.","I worked as a Processing Teller for 3 years. I opened mail, processed the statements or other correspondence and processed any checks that were included. I have worked with several different types of machines that either processed the correspondence or the checks. I have 6 years of ten key experience. I also worked as a Process Improvement Analysis for 4 years, but stepped back down to Processing Teller when the company was purchased. As a Processing Improvement Analyst, I did daily audit on production, co-workers or new processes.Our team was in charge of finding, correcting and attempting to eliminate errors for our department. I was completely in charge of a new process from beginning to end. Unfortunately the company decided not to proceed due to cost. I had many friends in management and on the processing floor. The hardest part of my job is due to my lack of education I struggled with some areas of my job, because I do not have the knowledge in computers that I would like to have. What I liked about my job is that even though there were certain things I did every day. There was always a new work experience around the corner. I learned many things from this job and I think it took the best of my talents and put them to the best use for the company.","Processing Teller","Former Employee","Lakewood, OH","August 21, 2013","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","Great company to work for really care and want to see you succeed","Senior Relationship Manager Banking Officer II","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","August 21, 2013","5.0"
"under-staffed.","It can be a good place to work with the proper management and if they could keep the branches staffed properly.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","August 21, 2013","3.0"
"Great company to work for!","I really enjoyed this bank. The message is great. Great benefits. They do care about their customers. They're trying to do more!","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Des Peres, MO","August 20, 2013","4.0"
"Networking","Learned quickly that it's great to form relationships and network. I worked in a busy location and tons of 'important' people came in and out.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 20, 2013","4.0"
"Great values","Wonderful company to work for. employees are held to a very high standard Customer Service is my passio Dealing with co-workers that are not engaged causes me anxiety","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Media, PA","August 19, 2013","5.0"
"Productive","Enjoyable and a lesson learn. Not a lot of support very one sided. i can say that i have learn some important facts abot working","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 18, 2013","4.0"
"Great Teamwork","The management is wonderful. I feel very comfortable being able to approach my supervisor with any concerns, questions and suggestions. They're very perceptive of our feedback on improvements for the company.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2013","4.0"
"Did not like management at the time","Difficult place to work at the time due to management that managed by fear and intimidation.","Analyst","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","August 14, 2013","3.0"
"Nothing but uncertainty !"," this bank can be a very good company but the communication between management and employee is not acceptable ! I was hired as a floating teller to cover 4 branches. Now they are trying to send me somewhere far and keep acting like they have amnesia when I let them know what the issue is. The pay is also disgraceful. They want all this work but they don't want to pay employees what they are worth. If you enjoy spur of the moment decisions and horrible pay then this is the job for you. I'm currently looking for a new job elsewhere because this bank is getting ridiculous.","Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","August 14, 2013","3.0"
"wotking enviorment","Helping customers with their transactions, giving them fiancial advice, and also referring products and services. Giving Customers full attention and knowing our customers personally. Im also aware of any fraudulent checks, ID's, or anything suspicious to protect my customers.","Teller","Current Employee","dumfries, va","August 14, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","Take inbound call to assist clients in managing account. To be in a call center as a consultant you learn a little bit of every thing. Great training is available with a supportive staff.","Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2013","4.0"
"fun to work","work was great all day. I learned a lot. long days. it was very enjoyable to work there","Mortgage Operations Underwriter II","Former Employee","jax fl","August 13, 2013","4.0"
"An okay place to work","The job was monotonous. Management was not helpful and very partial. Co-workers where great to work with.","Loan Adminstrator Collateral and Documentation","Former Employee","Houston, TX","August 13, 2013","3.0"
"Enjoyed working with other loan officers and learning new and interesting ways to compete out in the marketplace","Working to build a pipeline of loans through development of real estate agent contacts, attorney and all entities of the mortgage industry. Joined numerous clubs, organizations to help increase that base for the origination of mortage loans.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","Louisville KY","August 13, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace","Great first job... fun office setting, very casual, young office most are right out of college using the company as a stepping stone to bigger ad agencies.","Event Manager","Former Employee","Woodbridge, NJ","August 12, 2013","5.0"
"Focused on production","Nice company depending on the region. Nice place for building relationships and moving up.","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","IL","August 11, 2013","3.0"
"Unfair practices","As an employee of this bank I have witnessed many unethical practices and downright crumby treatment of non-management employees. this bank has little to offer and can and will take that from you as well. No safety net. No security.","Teller","Former Employee","St. Louis","August 10, 2013","2.0"
"Great Place to work","The employee that work for the company is what makes it a good experience. However, it really depends on the branch in which you work. Overall the benefits are good and compensation is okay. Salary is really not competitive.","Teller - Part-Time","Former Employee","Hatfield, PA","August 9, 2013","4.0"
"N/a","Good Company besides the pay is horrible. Their is little room for advancement","Peak-Time Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 7, 2013","4.0"
"nice work environment","set workstation up for the day. great customer service. good to work with","Bank Teller II","Former Employee","North Cape May, NJ","August 7, 2013","5.0"
"Great Bank","Responsible for selling this bank's portfolio of products/services, as well as maximizing the return on an existing book of small business customers.","Business Banking Sales Specialist","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 7, 2013","4.0"
"Fun","Loved working at this bank. Very fast-paced, get to meet different people every day and get to make customers happy everyday. Co-workers were the best here at this bank. Extremely friendly and very dependable people. Managers and supervisors were great as well. I enjoyed everything about my job no cons what so ever except for pay.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 6, 2013","5.0"
"Worked hard to make the best of a bad situation in a Department That was closing .","Worked hard to make the best of a hard situation in a Department That was closing. Had the pleasure of working with some great people who worked hard to make a monotonous job a pleasant experience.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 5, 2013","3.0"
"Loved my job, great benefits","Great place to work, team environment, great co-workers. Each day was different as I worked with 2 Regional Managers, and 26 branches. I was responsible for approving payroll, coordinating training, approving and submitting expense reports, arranging travel when necessary, pulling reports and many other duties as required.","Regional Coordinator","Former Employee","St Louis, MO","August 3, 2013","5.0"
"Fast pace","Very fast pace environment. this bank is a good bank to work for as it is mostly commercial business.","Level II Analyst","Current Employee","Lawrenceville, NJ","August 2, 2013","4.0"
"Poor Management and Lack of Know-How","Micro-management!! I worked for this bank Mortgage for 1 year and that was all I could take. Their focus is on the wrong things. They are so afraid of doing the wrong thing in this industry that everything is over done to the point that the customers and employees are frustrated with each loan. They hire people from the outside and put them in management positions and they have no idea what they are doing, they have little to no experience in the mortgage industry. There is no room for advancement, you better like the position that you get hired on for because that's where you will stay unless you decide to leave. I do really hope this review helps because it's job there, not a career and not a place you will want to stay. Read some of the other reviews and you'll see, a lot of people saying the same things.","Senior Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 2, 2013","2.0"
"Productive and Fast Paced Environment"," this bank was a great company to work for. Your days go by fast and customer interactions as well as co-worker interactions were enjoyable. The hardest part about the job is learning everything required and doing it quickly and efficiently. It all comes with time though.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 1, 2013","4.0"
"Productive workplace with lots of face to face customer service","A typical day consisted of servicing customers in the lobby, in the drive thru, as well as on the phone. I learned how to service and deal with all types of customers. I also learned about banking products and services that the company had. My co-workers were always enjoyable to work with. We worked as a team which helped service customers efficiently and smoothly. The hardest part of the job were those unruly and rude customers. To me there were more pros then cons. The enjoyable part was conversations with customers, helping them in the long run. Finding out about what each person needed was always an interesting thing to me. Also the challenges of getting top customer service scores and meeting sales goals.","CUSTOMER SERVICE BANKING REPRESENTITIVE","Former Employee","Willowick, OH","August 1, 2013","4.0"
"Great Customer Service","This was an excellent company to work for. I had to leave it for a full time position because none were opening in my area. Family friendly, family oriented, overall great company!","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","New Haven, IN","August 1, 2013","5.0"
"Nice Company","I worked at a newer branch a Denovo, fairly beautiful branch, nice location. Nice company to work for and definitely a great learning experience. They began my real journey forward.","Teller","Current Employee","Elm Grove, WI","July 31, 2013","4.0"
" this bank is a great place to work. I have learned several new processes.","A typical day at this bank is working with loan processors and their managers.","Pre-Funding Reviewer & OFAC","Current Employee","Grove, IL","July 31, 2013","5.0"
"Management is very disorganized","Very chaotic. Management has very little knowledge and understanding of how everyday operations work focusing only on their ideas without accepting input from the people who are actually meeting with the customers and clients. They want to be customer focused but that gets lost somewhere. I was very disappointed with my experience from day one. My first day I reported for training but they canceled it without letting me know. I then had to drive over 100 miles from Akron to Columbus just to fill out new hire paperwork then be enrolled in a class that had already been started. I was then asked why I didn't know something that had been taught early in the class. I found that was just the beginning of my experience with them and have many more similar examples.","Licensed Banker","Former Employee","Central, Ohio","July 31, 2013","3.0"
"fun and great place to meet a lot of people"," this bank is a good place to work. It offers great benefits and flexible schedule. I was able to learn so many thing in just few months.","Vault Teller","Current Employee","Palos Hills, IL","July 30, 2013","1.0"
"Bank Teller","I was a teller and I completed transactions including deposits, credit card payments, withdrawls, cash advances and other banking functions.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Berea, OH","July 30, 2013","5.0"
"Unorganized, lack of proper training.","Overall I was not cut out for mortgage processing. I do feel as though the lack of training and organization was a factor in my inability to meet the organizations needs.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 30, 2013","2.0"
"Great place to work and room for advacing","It was a great place to work the only reason im still not there is because i moved to pa.","Teller Representative II","Former Employee","Mount Olive, NJ","July 30, 2013","5.0"
"bank","not a place to work if you enjoy fast paced sales. the want you to sit in branch all day","Financial Sales Consultant - Branch Manager","Former Employee","pennsylvania","July 30, 2013","1.0"
"Intent to Proceed Mailbox","My position was called the ITP Mailbox. I thought I was hired to set up the borrower's loans; verifying the docs; but I was actually doing the Intent To Proceed forms. Making sure the loan officers indicated on the forms that the borrower(s) would like to proceed with the loan. If they did then it would go to the file prep specialist (loan set up specialists) then from there to the loan processors. It was very redundant and boring. I felt like what I was doing was not a challenging position and a waste of time.","File Prep Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","July 29, 2013","2.0"
"Working for the Proof Department.","On a typical day of work we worked as a team to balance, encode the dollar amounts as well as the banking and account numbers on various types of checks. We also worked as a team to meet deadlines.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 29, 2013","4.0"
"sell sell sell","a typical day starts with our manager telling us we need to open more checking accounts, bring in more loans and teaching us how to sound like robots (basically). this bank wants you to do things their way instead of having any personality at all. you are supposed to greet the customer with 'hello, welcome to this bank. How may i help you'. if you say anything else, you will have a conversation with the mgr about the 'proper way' to do things. Meanwhile, the manager will go back into his office and post things on facebook about how his weekend was. I would say 75% of my unhappiness with this bank was my direct manager. it is hard to move up in the company. . they just want worker bees that blindly follow orders handed down.","Senior Financial Consultant III","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 29, 2013","2.0"
"Great place to work","Great career builder Good for young employees ---get the experience for customer service and handling money. Good benefits--like health insurance ,etc.","Branch Manager Assist Vice President","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 28, 2013","5.0"
"Not extremely demanding. Flexable hours. Decent pay","A typical day for me consists of servicing multiple transactions for customers' accounts and providing additional products for new/existing clients. I learned a lot about sales, sales goals, and how to work alone/with a team/mentor someone. Management trusts me to make decisions without guidance because of my experience, but I am always able to come to them when the circumstance calls for it The hardest part of the job is making sure we prevent robberies/theft because criminals are constantly creating methods to attempt to steal money/identities/etc,","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Lawrenceville NJ","July 27, 2013","4.0"
"Nice Professional Enviornment with employee egornomics.","A typical day of work at this bank was nice. I lliked dealing and working with the customers. I knew what I was suppose to do on a daily basis. Management was nice, I enjoyed being recognized and appreciated. The hardest part of my job was not being able to open an account for customers that really needed them. The most enjoyable part of my job was the relaxed atmosphere. It was professional and easy, I liked making the customers smile and leave with a better attitude overall. My co-workers were easy to work with. I didn't have problems in that area.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","July 26, 2013","4.0"
"Great life Experience ","The job itself is pretty easy. The best things about working there are meeting new people and helping customers. ","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Airy, MD","July 24, 2013","4.0"
"n/a","could be better in terms of compensation and advancement opportunities","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2013","3.0"
"n/a","Traditional bank: not a lot of advancement opportunities for minorities once a certain level is attained.","Associate Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2013","3.0"
"Productive","Acquisition of bank accounts.Customer Oriented.Great co-workers you meet good people and I learned about banking.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Fort lauderdale","July 24, 2013","4.0"
"Excellent place to work. this bank really cares about their employees !"," Its a very positive enviornment to work in and very easy going. ","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2013","4.0"
"Enjoyable, easy going, smaller department position","*Small department. *Work flowed smoothly. *Trained to cover others positions. *Problem resolution. *Auditing","Sales Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 23, 2013","5.0"
"Banking is Banking","If you ever work for a bank then you will know that each banks are pretty much the same unless they truly value their employee's well being first. ","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 22, 2013","1.0"
"Typical Work Day for me at this bank","•Responsible for the day-to-day administrative operations and compliance of a Private Client Group branch with four or more registered associates within a Market/Complex. •Meet with clients to collect financial information, assess investment profile and evaluate client's financial needs. •Advise clients regarding advantages and disadvantages of different financial products and determine which financial products are suitable for client needs and financial circumstances. •Directly assist the Market and Regional Managers/Presidents with management of the branch profit and loss statement and development of the branch business plan. •Recruit Financial Advisors for the branch. •Serves as a Financial Advisor for personal clients, providing financial advice consistent with the clients goals and risk tolerance. •Provide leadership to increase revenue and client relationships. •Maintain oversight of daily transaction activity within the branch to ensure compliance and regulatory requirements are met. •Responsibility for passing an annual FDIC retail branch audit. •Deal with a high level of customer contact daily, utilizing my management experience. •Recognize sales opportunities for new and existing customers. •Obtain existing customers entire banking relationships; mortgages, equity lines, checking, money market, CD, savings, IRA, brokerage accounts and annuities. •Provide insight to customers regarding long-term financial planning. •Management of Book of Business portfolio (in-house customer database) to increase and retain existing client assets and meet potential new clients needs - more...","Retail Banking","Current Employee","Wilmington, NC","July 22, 2013","4.0"
"Management issues cause great concern for job security","The environment has been difficult with so much turn-over in Management. In one year I'm on my 3rd manager who's been in place for 4 months and already has one foot out the door! It raises a great deal of concern for the team. What is upper management thinking in their hiring decisions for managers. So much talent exists within the team that their hiring decision could have made so much more sense by promoting from within. Team members are beginning to look elsewhere for opportunites outside of the company due their less than acceptable practices. To boot, salaries and compensation in at least the sales division is one of the poorest ever experienced. Big Box store greeters are being equally compensated or more than our sales consultants who hold great responsibility and are responsible for making the company money! Those billion dollar quarters are not possible without the main revenue producing division: SALES...Not sure if ever the company will take a step back and realize where their priorities need to be vs. where they are.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2013","1.0"
"Nice","Ok job. comfortable office, nice hours. I'm meant to be outdoors however and it just wasn't my thing.","Account Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 21, 2013","3.0"
"great staff and great training","training was a week long and very thorough. mileage reimbursement for training and awesome benefits.","Retail Banking Representative","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","July 20, 2013","4.0"
"Terrible/micro manage/ sales sales sales","This was my first bank job as a teller and each day. Consist of complaining about sales and referrals and customers. Nothing is ever good enough unless you're 700% above your goals Your best isn't enough and the company doesn't care about you as a person. Definitely not what I thought a bank job would entail. Unless you like to hear complaining and have ridiculously set goals which are unreachable, run from this bank!","Teller","Current Employee","Fraser, MI","July 19, 2013","1.0"
"Tax Credit Capital division","A typical day at work consists of analyzing financial statements, producing financial projections, and working with real estate developers to solve problems arising during the construction period of development. I have learned much about low income housing and tax credit financing along with debt, equity and bond financing. The most enjoyable part of the position is visiting the construction sites to inspect construction progress. ","Stabilization Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 17, 2013","4.0"
"work-life at this bank","Working for this bank was a really different experience from the 17+ years I spent working for another major financial institution in Chicago. My typical day ran smoothly with all tellers aboard for our morning meetings as we took pre-lobby drive up customers. At 9am, the doors opened and off we went. I learned a lot about the diferent businesses and their needs in the neighborhood as well as the many walk in customers from the surrounding blocks near the branch. Most notably, Brookfield, Illinois. My manager was very hands on in his day to day coaching of me and my staff, to help exhibit 5 Star customer service every day to every customer. Very nurturing when it came to outside work needs, such as family leave. My staff I managed were well groomed in customer service at this branch, since most of them were in place at this location from the 2 banks before this bank. The hardest part of my actual job was trying to cross sell more new products to the retired and 'older money' that was already well established in the branch as well as the neighborhood or 40-50 years. The most enjoyable part of my job was on Saturdays when everyone was in for a shorter day and the vibe in the branch from everyone made us feel like we had done a great job pulling together through the past week and now it was the weekend. All to turn around and do it all again on Monday.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","LaGrange Park, Illinois","July 17, 2013","5.0"
"High energy Positive atmosphere","a typical work day is similar to most consistently learning something new. My team was very very productive and easy to get along with. The most difficult portion of my job is the constant turn over rate and drastic increase of responsibility. the most enjoyable part of my job is just knowing that because of me, I was able to help and make someones day. ","Teller/Teller Branch Supervisor Back-up","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 16, 2013","4.0"
"Family oriented ","I have been here one year and ready to move up to advance No room for growth at this time. My co workers are good. The hardest part of the job was the changing everyday thru email. The most enjoyable part was some of the duties","Single Point OF Contact","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 16, 2013","4.0"
"Great training system"," this bank has a great training class which able me to continue in the banking world.","Bilingual assistant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 14, 2013","5.0"
"Appearances were deceiving","Days began with a motivating morning meeting filled with statistics and a focus for the day. There were both peak times and down time during the day. I utilized down time by ordering supplies, settling an ATM, reorganizing my drawer, or taking various computerized trainings and tests available on this bank University. I enhanced my skills in efficiency and customer service in this position, developed relationships with clients, learned and sold a product line, and gained experience in operating various machines Management was initially supportive and encouraging, but became distant as new employees, including myself, became self sufficient. Morning meeting began to focus on information beyond the scope of tellers responsibilities. Feedback and monthly coaching/reviews were set on the back burner and came weeks or even months late. The teller line became discouraged and morale went way down The hardest part of the job eventually became having a positive attitude and a drive and desire to go to work. The product line began to change and low income customers or customers who didn't use this bank as their primary bank were starting to be weaned out of their accounts by increased fees. The managerial training approach to having these conversations with these customers was callous and unsympathetic. My work/life balance became disturbed The most enjoyable part of this job was building rapport with customers, and having the chance to do with I do best everyday. Fitting customers with products and watching them react to a banking relationship they had never experienced before felt - more...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 13, 2013","2.0"
"A solid Financial Services organization focused on Stock Holders equity"," this bank is a good place to work. However, management backing and capital allocation to support internal services severely lags, primarily in technology. ","Finance Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2013","3.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Working at this bank was a greet experience to learn and meet great customers. Easy to give excellent customer service with the training given. The goals were tough to meet at times but if we as a branch stopped competing with each other and we started completing each other by helping with goals to be reached.. I had a great manager and friend. Always willing to help and train.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Oaklyn, NJ","July 10, 2013","5.0"
"A very tech savy company","They will make you feel part of the company day 1. They are very tech reliant.","Mortage Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 10, 2013","5.0"
"Was not a bad place to work early on got worse as time went by.","Typical day was taking in transactions, helping customers and balancing books. Management was good but too disconnected from reality. Co workers are with you in the trenches and can be just as discouraged. At this point I can't think of one thing that was enjoyable about this job.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Hackensack, New Jersey","July 10, 2013","3.0"
"fun place to work with very energetic people","ordinary work days were very eventful yet very productive. Everyday was there was something new to be learned but fellow co-workers made it fun. The manager and supervisor were both patient, understanding and helpful. they would both go above and beyond to help out.","PT Teller","Current Employee","Onley, VA","July 9, 2013","5.0"
"Excellent Employer"," this bank is very good at finding training and retaining excellent employees. ","Business Compensation Advisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2013","4.0"
"Primary objective","My primary objective at this bank is to acquire business to bring to the bank. I have to create business plans in order to reach goals, and also come up with activities to attract potential customers. I meet my customer's financial needs by offering solutions that helps them meet their goals. I also work as a teller, and handle cash transactions regularly and find solutions to complex issues like customers over drafting their accounts. I always have to be proactive in an effort to find the new business the bank needs","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","sparta, nj","July 8, 2013","4.0"
"Good work environment","Dual and sole custody opening procedures. Daily cash balancing. Meeting daily and quarterly sales goals. There were 5-7 other consultants on the floor at all times so there was competition. Hardest part of the job was the distance from home. Most enjoyable part of the job was how much I learned and experience I gained.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wyckoff, NJ","July 8, 2013","4.0"
"Still trying to figure out who they are in the Mortgage world","Servicing is struggling and no one knows how to fix it. I would hope they do get it fixed because it could be a great company.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","July 5, 2013","2.0"
"it is okay","so far I can see pay is low, it is decent hours. it seems like the management do care about you, but the opportunity for advancement is limited","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","zion, il","July 4, 2013","3.0"
"Professional workplace with room to learn and grow.","No day is typical. One must be ready to react to many different situations as they arise. There are new things to learn every day. Management holds high standards and expects employees to be self motivated and descreet about proprietary and sensitive work issues. Co-workers are team players who support and work together to achieve organizational goals. A challenging part of the job is to maintain priorities in an extremely active work environment; to stay focused and professional at all times. Interaction with people, both co-workers, high level executives, and customers keep the position interesting, challenging and enjoyable.","Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 3, 2013","4.0"
"Architected and managed Projects","• Architected the migration of the company's main products from legacy technologies to the Microsoft .NET platform • Architected and developed 16 different Applications with a combination of different technologies in 14months with a team of 102 located in 4 different US states. These 16 different applications affected 18000 Lending Technologies employees and millions of Credit and Consumer loan customers. • Substantially improved all areas of the software development life cycle for the company products, introducing frameworks, methodologies, and best practices to the team. Established iterative development process, set up a QA lab, significantly amended release management and documentation. • Improved and enhanced software engineering processes by using Agile methodologies, continuous integration, and test-driven development. • Defined enterprise documentation standards and practices for project engagement and definition, use cases, test cases, technical documentation, support requests, and maintenance agreements. Mentored project teams; created, reviewed, and audited documentation artifacts, as needed. • Assisted Human Resource on both in recruitment phase and in performance appraisal phase. • Product lines built upon service-oriented enterprise architectures and open source frameworks (Struts, Spring, Hibernate) that are secure (Kerberos, X.509), scalable, extensible (component-oriented), interoperable (XML, SVC, Web Services), manageable, and serviceable. • Built and nurtured Line-Of-Business relationships, and doubled the revenues during the first year after the - more...","DOT NET Architect","Current Employee","Cleveland,OH","July 3, 2013","5.0"
"Former employee for more than 25 years and then laid off","The hardest part of the work was working through the displacement of the department when this bank took bank N Bank over back in 2010. As employees we needed to continue to work to our high standards or jeopardize any type of severance since they are an 'At will employer' so for any reason they could fire us Now when you call this bank HR to talk about retirement I am given two distinctly different answers so now were do you go? Just looking for some general answers about the options available for retirement payments and how to get the process started. Very disappointing call!","Retail Banking Officer Fraud Investigator","Former Employee","Royal Oak, Michigan","July 3, 2013","2.0"
"n/a","A place that really did not meet the expectations that were presented to me","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 2, 2013","1.0"
"Perspective: this bank","A typical day at work consisted of ensuring a wonderful customer experience, usage of 5 Star languange, and suggesting products/services to the customer. I learned how to talk and build relationships with people, to uncover needs that may help people, and mostly on how to cultivate relationships in order to grow with that customer on a regular basis. I didn't always agree with my manager, but I was able to learn so much just by watching, listening, and applying the things that I had seen in my time at this bank. I figure you won't always agree with the vision of your leader, but you always have to follow no matter the destination. I loved working with my staff. They were/are great people who worked hard at ensuring the success of the branch. I was able to supervise some of the most dynamic people within the finance industry and achieve so much within a short time. The hardest part of the job was the learning curve of my various positions. Being able to bounce back from mistakes and learning from those things to ensure future successes The most enjoyable part of my job was interacting with the customers. I met a lot of great people on a day to day basis and was able to cultivate the relationship in and out of the banking realm of things.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","July 1, 2013","4.0"
"Fun place, great manager","When I left Saegertown had one of the best managers to work with and a great team atmosphere","Teller","Former Employee","Saegertown, PA","June 27, 2013","5.0"
"Stressful job, but rewarding","As any banking job, it can get stressful with rules and regs, but it is a fun and rewarding job","Full time teller","Current Employee","linesville, pa","June 27, 2013","3.0"
"Typical bank job"," this bank has, over the past few years, slowly eliminated positions while demanding more from the still working employees. Overall a good company to work for with a decent benefits package.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","June 26, 2013","4.0"
