" this bank is great place to work for working mothers"," this bank gives awesome mother's benefits and time off for new working mothers. They offer a great work/life balance. They offer competitive pay that is right up there with other banking institutions. It is just hard to move up, and hard to know what is available to you--even if you ask...at least in the market I am in.","Assistant Manager","Current Employee","KY","April 10, 2018","4.0"
"Terrible place","Started off ok then after being there 3 years was let go because of a 'procedure violation' but really got fired because the manager didn't like me...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lansdowne, PA","April 10, 2018","1.0"
"Nice place to work","It was a nice job. You get good training, but the teller supervisor is the real person that you should confide in as a teller with pretty much everything. Asking questions will save your job in a dicey situation, which you get those people who will try and pull a fast one. this bank is known for there honesty which I liked.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Columbiana, OH","April 9, 2018","5.0"
"Very Two-Faced","People would belittle others, the rules were different for each person in the departments, and there was zero consistency. Not a happy, healthy, or fun place to work at all.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Vernon Hills, IL","April 9, 2018","1.0"
"Values and Practices","Values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions, and ability to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.","Teller","Former Employee","Delray Beach, FL","April 9, 2018","5.0"
"Great Bank - Location Dependent"," this bank is a great bank. They have very smart leaders who have integrity; best of both worlds from the Wall Street banks to the Main St banks. Strong culture, strong products, great branch environment. If you live outside of the major hubs: Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Charlotte, Kalamazoo then there isn't much opportunity for advancement. Branches at any bank aren't fun anymore and this bank is no different-bare bones staffing, not very good raises, and unrealistic expectations. this bank doesn't pay particularly well but they are nicer to work for than a lot of other banks.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Illinois","April 9, 2018","4.0"
"Poor work/life balance","Work 6 days most months, unless you request a Saturday off. Very micro managed. They wanna know what you are doing every hour of the day. No time to focus on personal life. When you do well and achieve your goals they want more.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Columbia, MD","April 8, 2018","3.0"
"depends on what branch and your management","Overall I believe this bank is very demanding when it comes to goals. Having works at a location that eventually turned into a 'Business Banking branch' the goals doubled and sometimes seemed impossible to achieve. Working for the company was great, I met a lot of great people, most of my co-workers were wonderful, it cam just be a very stressful job.","Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Manassas, VA","April 8, 2018","4.0"
"Typical Retail Bank","I went in to the job trying to escape the typical retail work environment, only to encounter more of the same problems one would find at other retail jobs.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","April 7, 2018","3.0"
"Reliable"," this bank is an excellent place to work. this bank values their employees, customers and local community. Employees were encouraged to participate in the community and volunteer with the this bank grow up great program.","Coach","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","April 6, 2018","5.0"
"I would recommend this place","A good place to work, good benefits, bonuses area a plus, good management. potential for advancement and convient location was emplyed there for about 2 years.","Online Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 6, 2018","4.0"
"Great experience"," this bank taught me a lot about the financing world that I still use on an everyday basis. Unfortunately, because of the 9 to 5 business hours, it was tough to schedule school.",","Part-Time Teller to Full-Time Teller","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, MI","April 6, 2018","4.0"
"Productive and fund place to work","great management , great benefits. It gives you options to move up and also between departments. Supportive management and great work environment. Like working here","Banker II","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 6, 2018","5.0"
"Loved my coworker's"," this bank is a competitive yet fun place to work. Training is well conducted and the tools are always available. I believe that they should pay up to their standards, other then that this bank is a good place to work.","BSSA","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Great culture to be a part of, solid compensation, poor management!!","Worked as a Private Client Group Relationship Manager. The position was FANTASTIC!! Great pay, great incentive opportunity, decent benefits, and excellent work/life balance. However, this bank has very poor managers. The managers are more concerned with sales production that they do about building relationships with the customers. And as a whole, they aren't very supportive of their employees. I'd recommend this bank to anyone as a place to work, but encourage caution with the management. Excessive office politics!!","Private Client Group Relationship Manager I","Former Employee","Pleasant Hills, PA","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Well organzed operation","The company's business philosophy is one of the best.The business strategies employed will assure the company;s growth. The strive for perfection in all departments is a positive goal,and the cooperation between staff and all departments is admirable.","Agent","Former Employee","Prrville,OH","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Fast paced enviorment","I liked the fast pace work day because it made the day go fast. this bank had great customers, they would bring the teller line all kinds of cookies, candy for Christmas. Most all were patient and polite. This is where I learned the most of all of my banking experience. I had some great manager's. The hardest part was on the first and third of every month. The customer line would be out the door and around the corner. I enjoyed most of the employee's and customer's.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Good customer facing experience","This job entails a lot of customer focus. Can be very demanding as far as working more than 40 hours. They offer a long of training materials. Good banking experience.","Universal Banker III","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","April 5, 2018","5.0"
"Decent benefits regarding paid time off. Good first job to gain experience.","Pay is not competitive with similar roles in other companies. Work/life balance is dependent upon your role in the company. It seems that customer facing roles are being made to work later and later. this bank does offer incentive, but it can be difficult to get. Good first job to gain professional experience.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 5, 2018","4.0"
"Nope","The hours are terrible. Working holidays, Sundays, nights and harassing people in food stores. You're expected to silicate people in the cereal isle. Working in a bank on Thanksgiving day is not ok by me","Senior Loan Processor I","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","April 5, 2018","1.0"
"Very stressful","I was a MLO. At the time I worked there processing was a issue. My manager at the time went out on a leave right after I started and I had no support. They offered good products but no support.","MLO","Former Employee","Burlington, NC","April 5, 2018","3.0"
"A lot of opportunity to grow"," this bank is a good place to work. Strong core values, and very stable. I gained a lot of knowledge and exposure working at this bank, but opportunities in Columbus are limited within the HR space. Overall, I would recommend this bank as a positive employer.","Recruiter I","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","April 4, 2018","4.0"
"Great place."," this bank was a great place to work.Expectations were high but fair.Leadership was solid and consistent.Would not have left if not for our department being eliminated for strategic reasons.","Fice President - Team Leader","Former Employee","Troy, MI","April 4, 2018","4.0"
"Bank Teller","Entry level pays minimum wage for skilled work. Made multiple efforts to increase responsibility and move up within the company, however these positions were given to friends and family of regional manager.","Merchant Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 4, 2018","2.0"
"Stressful Job","The management was horrible, talking about other employees to other employees. Always causing a hostile work environment and competition between employees.","UNIVERSAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Onekama, mi","April 3, 2018","1.0"
"Did Not Enjoy Working Here","At the Time, management was not good. Inconsiderate of work life balance, they never celebrated success or recognized staff. Everything was centered around sales and that your numbers were never good enough.","TELLER SUPERVISOR","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 3, 2018","3.0"
"Good place","Good place to work, stressful, fast paced. Great hours, holidays off vacation sick time. No company holiday parties, company didn't really pay for anything","Teller","Former Employee","Ludington, MI","April 3, 2018","4.0"
"Unrealistic expectations","Borderline unethical practices. High goals and high pressure lead to a very stressful environment. Manager has no clue how to effectively lead a team. Very negative culture has led to rock bottom morale. Avoid.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Bellevue, KY","April 3, 2018","2.0"
"Strong Financially Services Organization"," this bank's culture changed in the time I was there from an employee friendly corporation to more of a financially driven business. I would return to work there as there was a 400 million dollar cutback with mass layoffs and retail store closings.","CDR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 3, 2018","3.0"
"n/a","I don't understand why this is required. I really enjoyed this bank especially due to our area manager was a great manager he once was a loan officer so that help in him knowing what we do.","Residential Loan Officer","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","April 2, 2018","4.0"
"Great team, Lackluster company","The core values are not upheld by upper management at all. Work life balance is not a priority and I spend most of my day fighting with other bank employees that are not a part of our department to get our daily work done.","Loan Support Analyst - Dealer Floor Plan","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15219","March 31, 2018","3.0"
"Sometimes it is a nice place to work","Depending on what area you work in it can be a fun place to work. But if you want to develop and advance in your job look for another place to work. this is not the place for someone looking to move up","Senior Data Control Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 30, 2018","3.0"
"Slow-paced & great benefits, yet stressful place to work","Policies and Procedures are impossible to fully comprehend as they are taught as you go with the try and fail approach. Training is mediocre and once again, as you go, however, the manager won't have the time to be the one to train you. Turnover is fairly high. Upper management will be in your branch all of the time if you are not hitting the numbers they want. Pay is decent compared to other banks. Benefits included are healthcare, including dental and vision if desired, 3 weeks of vacation (1 of which must be used all together), 6 sick days, 1 Personal day, 401k, pension plan, decent maternity leave. Typically may work 1-2 Saturdays per quarter. Work day is 8:30am-5:30pm with 1 hour lunch. If you don't like sales, it is not for you.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","March 30, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work for","I really enjoyed working for this bank , great benefits . The company is doing really good and one of the best in customer service. The environment is amazing you just need to do your job to move up.","Service Associate I","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","March 30, 2018","5.0"
"Love to get back","I have enjoyed working at this bank, everyone were professional, I was one of the underwriter who started in the beginning of this bank's mortgage department in Illinois. I would love to work there again if opportunity is available for a remote position.","Mortgage Underwriter","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"Pay is better than it was, still stressful","Pay scales were changed in 2017 for branch employees to be more competitive with other banks. Pressure sales atmosphere still very present even after Wells Fargo fiasco. No longer based on 'numbers' (even though we still have goals) but 'behaviors' (whatever that means.)","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"Good Place to Work","Highly reliable and focused Personal Banker with an exceptional client service record and extraordinary depth of loan and credit knowledge. Able to explain complex financial management concepts to a wide variety of professional and non-professional audiences. Adept at working independently or as part of a professional banking team.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Lake Worth, FL","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"under-staffed and under appreciated","always under-staffed and only focus on what can be better rather than the 50 things you bust your butt to do daily. Never take into account how difficult learning new things on the fly can be and treat you like a machine.","Service representative","Current Employee","New Boston, MI","March 29, 2018","3.0"
"work","typical customer service, very nice work culture. Hard to get the shift you want,but I think things have changed. management was great and the morale was good!","Online Banking Technical Support","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","March 29, 2018","4.0"
"Huge Responsibility Little Compensation"," this bank is not a bad company compared to other financial institutions. however for the amount of responsibility and duties, the compensation is low. Pros: 15 days vacation, 6 days sick paid, Paid holidays and floats. Cons: Very unrealistic sales goals, (starting to feel like a Wells Fargo workplace).","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Naples, FL","March 29, 2018","2.0"
"Good work experience","Excellent company to gain financial sector, retail banking experience. great group of people to work with and learn. As well, excellent training and learning opportunity to get familiarized with different financial products, including loan products, savings and checking accounts.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Morris Plains, NJ","March 29, 2018","5.0"
"Great company","Great company to work for with great training, but I felt a disconnect between Retail and Corporate Banking. This meant it was hard to move up in the company because the Retail managers had little to no relationships with the corporate side.","Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","March 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work. Fun and friendly staff. Excellent compensation. This Business Credit Location specialized in cold call inquires for small to medium sized businesses.","Intern","Former Employee","Glastonbury, CT","March 28, 2018","5.0"
"Great starter Job","I worked here through college and it was great. The hours were flexible allowing me to go to school full time and work over 30 hours/week. My managers and supervisors were always great and understanding of my work/ school balance. When I decided to become full time, after college, they gave me the hours.","Personal Banking Representative","Former Employee","Warminster, PA","March 28, 2018","4.0"
"Great Environment, Great Opportunity"," this bank is a great workplace to be a part of. The days are fast pace, and culture of this bank is very inspiring. The management makes sure that you are on track with your career path, and they are very open to discussions about where you see yourself in the future. The hardest part about working for this bank is where you might have to go for your career. Depending on your career path, you may have to relocate. But overall, I would recommending anybody looking to get into the banking industry to go to this bank.","Finanical Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 28, 2018","5.0"
"Very serious environment built around professionals"," this bank was a great bank I was with them for over 3 years and I love it . However , I found better income opportunities and wanted to be around a more uplifting crowd .","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pembroke Pines","March 28, 2018","3.0"
"Good work life balance, but lot of bureacracy","-Good work life balance, not expected to work on weekends or vacations. -Smart managers who do things the right way. -A lot of internal bureaucracy to deal with","Director","Former Employee","New York, NY","March 27, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work","I loved working at this bank, in Midtown and found that because the company was growing rapidly, there were always opportunities for growth and to be promoted. Unfortunately, I had to move back to Baltimore, but I would recommend it to others looking for a change.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","March 27, 2018","5.0"
"bank","Learned a lot from this bank during my tenure. I was able to advance within the first seven years there. this bank seem to struggle the past few years on the direction they want the branches to go and on what has been happening in market as far as compliance.","Branch Manager - Vice President","Former Employee","New Brunswick, NJ","March 26, 2018","3.0"
"The world of banking"," this bank as a whole is a good company with great advancement opportunities, but they will cut you out if you aren't immediately making them money and forcing products down people's throats. Even the experienced employees refuse to push the products, and as a result they are overlooked for advancement.","Part-time Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 26, 2018","4.0"
"Banking","The banking world has changed so much in the past few years....if you love helping people get to their financial goals than this is for you. The benefits are excellent","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","March 26, 2018","4.0"
" this bank Indianapolis East (Retail)","Managers steal work from personal bankers. Overstaffed due to multiple branch closings and lack of clientele. Low pay compared to industry standards and training is a joke.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 25, 2018","3.0"
"Good","No issues; it's a job; allows you opportunities that other companies may not be willing to provide. Has it's goods and bad but each company does. You can succeed","Senior Mortgage Jumbo Underwriter III","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 24, 2018","4.0"
"Fun place to work","Great place to work. I learned a lot, Management was nice and very helpful. Work place was culture was diverse. The hardest part of the job was, not really nothing, I worked with a lot of good people.","Default","Former Employee","West Chester, OH","March 23, 2018","5.0"
"Tough and fast paced","Very fast moving and lots to learn. It is rewarding with knowledge learned. Different systems and loans in different parts of the country. Get to meet lots of people in various walks of life.","Senior Mortgage Operations Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 23, 2018","4.0"
"it was ok","working for this bank was ok. I enjoyed only working 8-5 everyday. However, my branch was always short staffed so I worked every Saturday. Being the teller supervisor wasn't worth it because I only made $2.80 more thazn my regular tellers. so the moral of the store is if you want to work for this bank just be a regular teller!","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 23, 2018","4.0"
"Working at this bank"," this bank is a great company to work for. Being part of the this bank team means that you always give outstanding customer service by learning how to understand our clients financial needs.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Perryville, MD","March 22, 2018","3.0"
"Good Culture","I'm happy with the way that this bank treated me and as well as the way they treat their staff in general. They're great employers. They've taught me a lot which I have gained a lot of experience and when I left, I left feeling like I was a part of a team.","Netapp (NAS) - Data Storage Administrator","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 22, 2018","4.0"
"Pins and needles. Intimidating bosses and regional managers.","Bad experience . High turnover. Stressful. Not a good place to work, I prefer my bank I wouldn't want to be a customer at this bank as they push sales sales sales and it's just not healthy in a bank setting, if the tellers are hounding the customers for more features and stuff they don't need.","BSSR","Former Employee","Warsaw, IN","March 21, 2018","1.0"
"Small bank branch with 8-10 employees, typical job description"," this bank's shareholders make millions of dollars every quarter but the employees don't even get a living wage. I had to work 2 jobs just to survive. There was no room for advancement.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Dormont, PA","March 21, 2018","3.0"
"Post Work Environment with Great Culture"," this bank has a great culture with employees who strive to add value and are passionate about their work. The work is challenging, yet rewarding as the customers of this bank are always put first. Management brings out the best of its employees and there is plenty of opportunity for development.","Business Analysis Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2018","5.0"
"great place to work","This is a great place to work if you can deal with the stress of being in charge of other people's money. they have a fast work environment but a great balance to work life sue to their time off policies.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2018","4.0"
"Great Culture, Boring Job, Zero Advancement, Never Paid Well","Great Culture, Boring Job, Zero Advancement, Never Paid Well. If you are not a go getter, you'll love working here. You are a minion, and are treated as such. Definitely a white male executive culture.","Compliance Senior Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2018","3.0"
"no thank you"," this bank is a good company but can wear on you some times. It is stress filled and goal oriented. Push push push for the sale even though the sales word is not to be mentioned.","Business Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Selbyville, DE","March 20, 2018","3.0"
"Great pllace to work if sales isd your thing","I loved my job because it aloowed me a set schedule for my family when I first started. Im not a sales pusher and it seems that that's the way the company is going even though they try to change the wording of the things they ask or require to seem less pushy","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2018","4.0"
" this bank"," this bank has lost it's culture and is continually changing over its management team. My career there was great, but the culture changed to one that had no appreciation of its employees. In fact, I was embarrassed to deliver compensation discussions because the bonus and merit raises were so poor.","Vice President","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 20, 2018","3.0"
"do not work here","I hated my job there and never wish I would have taken it. false promises and too much entitlement and title abusiveness for my liking. to assistance in helping with management and constantly would contradict themselves. do not work here.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","Lititz, PA","March 19, 2018","1.0"
"Great company but not much advancement opportunity","Truly enjoy working for this bank but I feel that as much as I have done for the company, I need more compensation and I am maxed out where I am at. The opportunity for advancement is very slim. I'm ready for change.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Normal, IL","March 19, 2018","4.0"
"incentative were given to employees who met quartely goals.","Not all employees were treated equally. Some employees were favored more than others. Employees would talk about one another instead of working together as a team. They would make it a difficult atmosphere to work in. It was hard to transfer to other branches.","Financial Service Associate","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","March 18, 2018","4.0"
"Fast paced","upper management has no clue as to the workings of retail banking. They set unrealistic goals and honestly don't care if you work short handed or not.","Teller","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","March 18, 2018","2.0"
"Great management","The two departments that I was a part of while at this bank had amazing management. I was never afraid to talk to any of my managers about any issues I had involving work, work hours, or any other issues that may have popped up. My only true complaint about this bank revolved around salary and pay increases. Other banks in the area and in the industry pay their employees a lot more than what this bank does and that was ultimately a huge factor in looking for employment elsewhere.","Detect and Investigate Analyst Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 18, 2018","4.0"
"Great People and Customer Service","The culture was very supportive and I admired how the staff worked so hard and was so talented. this bank really makes a strong effort to retain and grow their Customer base.","Business Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Urbana, MD","March 18, 2018","4.0"
"Bad company to work for","Management is poor. I had hard time with the my mentor, whenever I have question he replied with question. It was hard for me to excel since they place people with no mentor and if there is one he isn't helping at least in my case. Long story short, the company wants the workers to make gold from straw. They find reasons to talk down to the employee and refuse to listen when they make a bad decision.","Financial Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 17, 2018","1.0"
"Love this bank","LOVE this bank. It is a great place to work and you meet a lot over people over the years. Great relationships. They care for their employees and want the best for everyone.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 17, 2018","5.0"
"Salaries are too low for the work load and expectations","Management is very non-responsive. Salary is low and does not increase even with exemplary job performance. Excellence is not rewarded. Work atmosphere is fairly laid back with the exception of people who have disturbing personalities and tendencies. Those employees can do whatever they want, including refusing to do assigned work. Management is weak.","SENIOR DOCUMENT COORDINATOR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 17, 2018","3.0"
"Workplace Culture","This employer offered a wonderful benefits package but they were not consistent in their treatment of associates. There was a multitude of favoritism and lack of responsibility taken by managers.","Sales Associate","Former Employee","Hebron, KY","March 17, 2018","1.0"
"A Great Place To Work!","Working for this bank was very memorable. One of the best work experiences I have ever had. While every corporation has it's ups and downs and every department has it's own personality and needs to meet requirement, the position and department I was apart of (Private Banking) left me with a great experience and lots of knowledge and experience.","RM II Assistant Vice President Private Banking","Former Employee","Clarkston, MI","March 16, 2018","5.0"
"Monthly Bonus","Good opportunity for leaning . Good people to work with. Secured and friendly job environment. Distance was the issue for me to drive everyday. Management was very nice to work with.","Functional Tester","Former Employee","Parkton, MD","March 16, 2018","3.0"
"bigger bank doesn't mean better","too stressful with other staff trying to make sales numbers look good by selling things the client didn't want or need. too cut throat and competitive for me","Head Teller","Former Employee","Hazleton, PA","March 16, 2018","1.0"
"Job Review","Working for this bank was a grind. They took the role of being a Business Banker and added the role of an experienced FA. It is a sneaky way to see and review high valued clients assets in DDA's and attempt to convert. Sounds like a good way to go but in reality, not in my opinion.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","March 16, 2018","3.0"
"Productive & Fun Workplace","Good place to learn about financial reporting. The work environment is relaxed and management does encourage work/life balance. Manager was very understanding if I had to take off time from work for family commitments. I found each day to have its up and downs but was able to work it through working as a team. This is a great place to work for. Coworkers are almost like family. If you ever need help, everyone was more than happy to assist you.","Tester","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2018","5.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, opportunities to rise in your roll or advancement within the company.I enjoy my position, also they have competitive wages. If you are looking to start off in a professional setting and the duties that are asked of you everyday while enjoying the atmosphere and learning a lot, while you start off then I suggest working for this company.","TELLER","Current Employee","Ohio","March 15, 2018","5.0"
"ok company to work for","It was a wonderful company when I started at Provident National Bk, then we merged and became this bank and things changed constantly. Sometimes not for the benefit of the employee and more geared to management. Because of changes I was penalized for my starting age on the job for the 401k and my profit sharing balance was taken and distributed to all employees over age 40 regardless of time with the company. My service meant nothing to the company even though I stayed 30 years. I managed to survive 2 previous job transfers before the last in 2012. I have heard the company has changed even more since then and not all for the better.","Sr Client Services Officer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 15, 2018","4.0"
"Fast paced","Management can be good or bad depending on location and the person managing the branch. There are opportunities to advance, but will take some time to gain experience before qualifying for advancement. It's usually laid back environment.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Reston, VA","March 15, 2018","4.0"
"Working at this bank was FUN, and well worth it!"," this bank was a wonderful work environment, and the compensation was adequate. Management was always professional and courteous. Work life balance at this bank blew any other previous employer out of the water.","Outreach senior sales consultant","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 15, 2018","5.0"
"productive fast paced envuronment","learned regulations and guidelines used in home equity lending. I do not wish to provide any additional information about this job. Please contact me directly for any additional information.","Home Equity Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","March 14, 2018","5.0"
"Senior Business Banking Specialist","I do not want to give a review of this company due to personal circumstances that occurred while I was employed there. It was an environment of helping certain individuals achieve their goals while neglecting others.","Business Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Uniontown, PA","March 14, 2018","1.0"
"Specialist I","Great company to work for amazing coworkers and management. this bank has great benefits and growth for opportunities. If you have a chance to apply go ahead you will not regret it!!","SPECIALIST I","Former Employee","Pawtucket, RI","March 14, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to develop career","Good place to learn about financial reporting. The work environment is relaxed and management does encourage work/life balance. Manager was very understanding if I had to take off time from work for family commitments.","Accounting Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 14, 2018","4.0"
"Productive place","I found each day to have its up and downs but was able to work it through working as a team. This is a great place to work for. Coworkers are almost like family. If you ever need help, everyone was more than happy to assist you.","Performance Engineer Lead","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 13, 2018","5.0"
"The Job is hit or miss...","This job was a great teacher. You are paid well, but you are required to endure verbal abuse from the clients. There is lack of management assistance you are taught to own all mistakes. Basically you are the manage without the pay and perks. You are treated in a manner that has you on your toes, you are replaceable. Its preform well or be fired. Very number driven. Your daily scores are displaying all over the work center for other consultants and managers to see.","Online Tech Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 13, 2018","3.0"
"terrible work environment","long story short, the company wants the workers to make gold from straw. they find reasons to talk down to the employee and refuse to listen when they make a bad decision.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 13, 2018","1.0"
"Poor management"," this bank states the strive on work/ life balance. However this wasn't the case when the branch manager forged my name on documents stamped by his medallion stamp. They constantly put u down and want more and more out of you. Nothing is ever enough. Would never recommend this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Barbourville, KY","March 12, 2018","1.0"
"structured work environment","Schedules are completed weekly...daily work schedules once clocked in is structured per the needs of walk in customers as well as appointments set by staff","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Florence, KY","March 12, 2018","3.0"
"Decent company.","Nice work environment and decent co-workers. Can be stressful when it gets busy so must be patient and expect upset customers. Good benefits and perks.","Branch Sales Service Representative","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 12, 2018","4.0"
"Cut Throat","If you don't pull sales in with magic, you're not cared for. Training program was terrible, unorganized, and unproductive. The management team ran around like a chicken with it's head cut off.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","NC","March 12, 2018","2.0"
"Looking for something else","Its ok if you are just starting out but wouldnt make it a career they don't seem to care about you as an employee or a person.I do look forward to seeing my coworkers w out them i would have already bean gone from this company.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville ky","March 11, 2018","2.0"
"Great people","Loved having the same people come in everyday and building that relation with them, having a strong relationship with the customer helps you to do your job better.","Teller","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","March 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great place to work, if you are people oriented","* The banking industry has changed so much over the past 20 years. * I've learned that money doesn't make a person and everyone has a story.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Hanover, PA 17331","March 11, 2018","4.0"
"Fast pace work environment","Fast paced environment, every day is a challenge, 10 hours of mandatory days. Job is easy but fully details, I have knowledge on working on mailroom,scanning,opex150,opening mail and a little of data entry,encoding","Operation Specialist","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","March 11, 2018","3.0"
"The First Job I Ever Really Loved","I had always heard that if you loved your job, work was easy to handle and coming into work in the morning felt invigorating. I never really believed that until I went to my small rural this bank branch, where everyone treated me like family. I was worked hard, but rewarded for my work and treated well. The benefits are great as well. When I worked there, the pay was significantly less than other banks, but I hear that is currently being changed. I loved this bank, and in a year and a half I moved from part time teller, to full time, and eventually Teller Supervisor. I ended up leaving because we received a new branch manager who was very antagonistic and incompetent. Corporate was very unreceptive and dismissive, and after enough abuse I left. However, after working at multiple branches, I still feel like as a whole, this bank is a good environment and company, especially for someone looking to get into banking or office work.","Acting Supervisor","Former Employee","Sykesville, MD 21784","March 11, 2018","4.0"
"Pressure Cooker","Management only cared about making their superiors happy. We employees got more work and they laid off people to cut costs. We were always short on paper clips and pens, but this bank could afford the PR to name a baseball stadium after them.","Senior Accountant - Supervisor - Internal","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 10, 2018","1.0"
"n/a","-typical day at work was stressful. -learned a few things about accounts. -management - a lot of room for improvement - my immediate sup was ok. -work culture stressful. -hard part of the job was lack of assistance. -most enjoyable i worked from home . -they set you up for failure . -unrealistic monthly goal requirements","Customer Service","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","March 10, 2018","1.0"
"Exceeds Expectations","Overall this bank is a great place to work. this bank offers great benefits. I would recommend anyone looking for a long term career to work at this bank. The most enjoyable part of my job is assisting customers in meeting their needs.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Warren, OH","March 9, 2018","5.0"
"Great and filled with friendly competition"," this bank is a wonderful place to work. I had a wonderful supervisor and branch manager. As long as you meet your quotas, you'll have no issues succeeding. It was one of my favorite places to work.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Howell, MI","March 9, 2018","5.0"
"Our current day.","Great Company to work for. The environment is pleasant and innovative. A typical work day involves several power meetings to organize the work day. Then we accomplish what we need to do.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 9, 2018","5.0"
"Depending on role could be a decent place towork","I really can't give an overall review of this organization. So much is dependent on what line of business you are working in , and more importantly the person who is your direct supervisor will have an immediate impact on your ability to advance.","Vice President","Current Employee","Michigan","March 9, 2018","3.0"
"Great Company"," this bank is a great company during this time the mortgage industry was going through huge changes and it became very difficult to service the clients I worked with.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Ashland, Ohio","March 8, 2018","4.0"
"Productive & fun workplace"," this bank has always provided me with a good challenge. I like to keep busy and I like to know that I am doing good work on behalf of customers. I have been employed with this bank for almost 7 years and have enjoyed every moment. I have also enjoyed learning new things. I am currently looking for new employment due to life style changes at home & sadly the hours that I am currently looking to work I can not work at the branch. I love my coworkers and my customers, I would recommend others to apply/work at this bank.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Waterford, MI","March 8, 2018","5.0"
"Terrible Management","The job isn't that bad there's just a lot to know and learn but I feel my experience at this bank has been tainted because of a poor manager. It can definitely be a high stress job due to the many things that you must look out for and the people you encounter. However, the pace, stress level, and atmosphere of the branch depends on the location. I've worked at a branch where they see a hand full of customers for the entire 8 hours and I've worked in a branch, such as mine, that can be very busy and almost everyone has a problem. You are expected to provide a very high level of service to customers and you must show up at 110% to work everyday. A good experience to have and a great resume builder but not for everyone.","Teller","Current Employee","Ravenna, OH","March 7, 2018","3.0"
"Fast paced organization","Project was beyond deadline prior to start date, thus making the entire project stressful. Project Business PMO was not organized for this particular project in a fashion that would lend assistance to a Consultant coming in to 'save the day'.","Consultant","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2018","4.0"
"Great co-workers, very unorganized","Co-workers at this bank are a lot of fun to work with, however the management and organization in the call center is terrible. I have had 3 different team leads (supervisor) within 2 months time. People cannot keep the job, and the culture at this bank is toxic. Everyone is really stressed out, team leaders are incredibly demanding and sporadic. You will deal with a lot of difficult and angry customers. About 20% of your call load are customers that are willing to yell to get what they want, and you cannot help them as much as other banks. this bank has a lot of restrictions and policies, hardly any leniency in the call center position. Pay is decent, however advancement is very limited for the amount of employees they have. You have to be a superstar to go anywhere. Pack a lunch, because there lunch bars are incredibly expensive and close 2 hours into your shift if you work 2nd shift.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI 49009","March 7, 2018","2.0"
"productive and fun work place","A typical day at this bankBank was usually busy but fun at the same time. I enjoyed my co workers, management and the customers. I learned that if you want to move ahead in life you have to work for it. The hardest part of this bank was trying to sell products at the teller windows. It was possible but time limits you. Other customers wanted to do their banking and leave. I enjoyed it because we would always have snacks and goodies at our windows.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2018","4.0"
"Its a job","Sales sales sales or how this bank puts it solutions to our customers financial needs. Be ready to have responses when customers say no and when they say no a second time be ready to overcome that no too. Management plays favorites and also does not lead by example. This job will pay your bills. If your personality is not liked you will be sure to know","Teller","Former Employee","Michigan","March 7, 2018","1.0"
"Overwhelminglu stressful","No support/training from management. Unwillingness to hear opinions or implement change. Unfair and unobtainable expectations. Responsible for multiple department's work and no compensation","Foreclosure Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 7, 2018","3.0"
"N/a","I Don't have an opinion of company. I do believe that they could improve on the salary as to the amount of work expected of us daily. I don't have any other complaints","Service and Sales Financial Banker","Current Employee","Temple Hills, MD","March 7, 2018","3.0"
"trading spec","Busy in trading group. Great place to work . Have been here 10 years and they are good to their employees. My team is a good group of people who work very hard.","SENIOR OPERATIONS ANALYST","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 7, 2018","5.0"
"Overall Great Company"," this bank is a Great company for Job Seekers who have experience in Banking and Technology would be a great asset to this bank. This company feels fairly new and does not have solid processes as of yet. This is ideal with candidates with Senior Experience","Business Systems Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 7, 2018","5.0"
"I enjoy being a Financial Advisor","My days consisted of working closely with my bank partners. One on one coaching around how to recognize an opportunity for a bank client to meet with me for a consultation. Management was very hands on and supportive and wanted the advisors to be successful. The hardest part of the job was to keep my bank partners focused and motivated. Once I received a qualified referral, I truly enjoyed understanding and learning about the client's financial circumstances and needs. I looked forward to educating clients about different investment products and why what I proposed made the most sense based on their individual financial position..","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Montvale, NJ","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Could be better","Work life balance is completely off, salary should be higher as well. If you don't want to sell don't do it to yourself, you will get coached until the day you quit.","Universal Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","March 6, 2018","5.0"
"Bad culture","The culture took a dramatic shift to a sales first organization with little concern for employees or customers. I understand sales are what keep the doors open but should not come a the expense of the employees or clients","Manager","Former Employee","Cincinatti, OH","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Not a bad entry job","not a bad place to start, great training is provided but the pay is super minimal and raises are far and few in between. depending on your region, there is great involvement from the higher-ups.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Grandville, MI","March 6, 2018","4.0"
"educational place to work","I managed a branch of 8 employees. my goals were set high, I found this job to be rewarding if you made your goals. in which I did every month. The bonus are very rewarding also.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 6, 2018","5.0"
"Was good when I started","Then there were constant management changes and reorgs which caused an atmosphere of fear and confusion. I was in technology and worked a lot with other areas and some were good, but a lot were like mine.","Senior Technology Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 6, 2018","2.0"
"They have some work to do in some markets.","- Continuous flow of clients made it easy to obtain revenue. - Stressful interactions in the lobby because large influx of clients. - Employees worked in a very individualistic manner. - I learned that the hardest part about a job is not the task at hand. It can be the people that you work with. - The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing how many lives I was able to change for the positive. I don't mind giving financial help/advice to anyone who is in need. - No employee culture. Individualistic. - Leadership eluded all confrontation, problems not solved.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Florida","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Training is a self study nightmare","Peers are friendly, management is open to conversations with employees. I started at this bank and the training program is ineffective. Four different facilitators in four weeks, no consistency in work materials and 'the new training system is coming' which doesn't benefit those in a broken training environment. There is very little practical training on how to use systems and process banking requests. Overall it would be just an average 3/5 because they do offer competitive salaries and some pretty decent benefits, but the frustration at dealing with poor training cannot be ignored. There are some questionable wage and hour practices as well, requiring employees to be present and logged in and 'caught up' on system process and procedures while not on paid time.","Service Consultant","Current Employee","Columbus OH","March 6, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work","Take payments from Borrowers and apply to accounts. Send out letters to Borrower for documents needed. Called attorney to see if borrower can be put on payment plan and up date attorney on account. Talked to borrowers to give up date on loan and answer any questions they might have.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 5, 2018","4.0"
"Very friendly work enviornment"," this bank is an amazing company that looks out for their employees. They make sure that we have the right equipment for our jobs and are always looking for feedback from employees to further improve the company as a whole. The work days can be fast paced based on the clientele for that particular business day. I've learned a lot from this position that I know I can utilize at other jobs as well. The hardest part of the job is trying to work fast but accurate. My coworkers would have to be the best part of the job. We are all like a family.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","March 5, 2018","5.0"
"it was really nice","i had a great time working for this company. i learned a lot of new things and great work environment. Overall I would recommend this job to anyone because of the room for growth","Business Solutions Analyst","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 5, 2018","4.0"
"As exciting as a bank can be","Dailly interaction with customers, driving sales and understanding products. Very good management process in a very conservative environment. While at times pushing products stressed the working environment, facilitating people with their financial needs provided a satisfying workplace.","Marketing Representative","Former Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","March 5, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company to Work For","The company itself is great. I do not have a negative thing to say about the comapny, or my original management team. My department was split up and I was one of the unfortunate ones to get a green horn manager. There was little to no direction given to her, she made it next to impossible to do our jobs, she got rid of a lot of people to bring passed employees from her old place of employment in, she cause 4 long term employees to either quit or get fired. bottom line.... We as employees were not protected from the new management style and were told to shape to her standard (which was very low) or ship out.","Quality Assurance Associate","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","March 4, 2018","4.0"
"Excellent work/life balance","Great place to work.Great co-workers and management team. Excellent benefit package. Many bank branches thruout thecounty. Average career advancement.","Mortgage Banker","Current Employee","Patrick Afb, FL","March 4, 2018","4.0"
"Enjoyed it","I got out of my comfort zone of the restaurant business and enjoyed the challenge of banking hospitality. It helped really refine my conflict resolution skills.","Business Banking Advisor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 3, 2018","5.0"
"Good place to work."," this bank is a good company with great benefits and offers a very good work life balance. Great company for a person with a family as there are many options availale to assist.","Chief Financial Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2018","5.0"
"They practically through money, but very stressful and not for weak of heart","Its a great job to start out with and they allow you to branch out after 6 months of being a standard consultant job, but it just so hard to get through the day sometimes and keep to their expectations with low call times everyday or good quality","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 2, 2018","4.0"
" this bank Experience","Company overall is good but do not pay competitively. My last manager was the worst I have ever had in my life. Unorganized, unprofessional and in experienced.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Wayne, NJ","March 2, 2018","4.0"
"Good place to learn - hard to advance","While this is a great job to learn different skills I feel as if too many different tasks were given, and there was not enough training on individual products. The phrase 'Jack of all trades, master of none' is well suited for this position. Having a specific area of expertise would be more beneficial for achieving success and meeting goals. A bit too much being pulled in different directions and not given ample time to fully succeed at sales","Universal Banker - Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","March 2, 2018","4.0"
"Okay Place to Work","The folks have been good for the most part, but I'm just looking to change roles. this bank as a whole has treated me okay. The whole things is right down the center of the line. Nothing special.","Sr","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","March 2, 2018","3.0"
"Good Place","Could have been better but good place to work my experience wasn't at all the best but the people who work there are great the environment is great and it is a good job that pays decently but not enough for the amount of work you actually do.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","March 1, 2018","4.0"
"Upbeat Call Center","I've never done retail banking prior to joining this bank, but I've learned a lot in regards to the products and the the demographics of the customer who use the products.","Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","March 1, 2018","4.0"
"Avoid at all cost!","Working for this bank feelt like a punishment. They expect a lot for very little pay. Branches are run on fumes and they expected you to deliver great service and sell. Management was ineffective beyond words, too busy creating endless action plans...The rot definitely set in from the top. People were fleeing in droves. The new recruits had zero bank experience and nobody had time to train them so loads of errors and bad scores which torpedoed any bonuses. All around bad. The culture is toxic.","Teller","Former Employee","New Orleans, LA","February 28, 2018","1.0"
"Customer Service Savvy","Providing account services to customers by receiving deposits and loan payments, cashing checks, issuing savings withdrawals, recording night deposits, selling cashiers check/money orders, answering questions related to financial well being and other bank services.","Teller","Current Employee","Redford, MI","February 28, 2018","4.0"
"Look somewhere else","Company was good until they acquired bank N. Everything went downhill after that. The PCG group definitely went downhill along with the payout amounts.","AVP Private Client Group","Former Employee","NJ","February 28, 2018","3.0"
"Enjoyable place to work and learn at","I enjoy working for this bank, I have been here for over 2 year and I plan on keep it going. I transfer to a new position which is Project administrator and I really enjoy on what I do.","Technology Department","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","5.0"
"Productive but non-flexible environment.","The work/life balance was an issue. Work schedule and remote was not flexible. Co-Workers were great. We had a collaborative and challenging work place.","NWS Consultant Server Technology","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","5.0"
"your just a number to them","Don't expect to make a career out of your position. They will tell you what the average is for your position but it will take you 4-5 years just to hit that average","Pittsburgh","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2018","4.0"
" this bank is good if you're passionate about it."," this bank is a very conservative and fair company to work for. I very much enjoyed the interactions I had with my other coworkers and the clientele, on most days. My favorite thing was showing people how to use the alternate forms of banking such as the mobile app or the ATM's. My biggest dislike of the job was how much pressure is put on the employees, even the tellers, to push products and services on the clients. We had sales goals to meet and we HAD to be asking the clients about credit cards, lines of credit, account upgrades and more, even if we see this client multiple times a week.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Rockaway, NJ","February 27, 2018","3.0"
"Corporate culture, but a good one","Job duties and your day to day will differ depending on your department and role in the company. Compensation is fair, with available bonuses for high performance values present to help with additional compensation. Training is comprehensive in most areas and aspects, with a great company culture. Well structured breaks and excellent benefits. Great opportunities for advancement if you have the skills and mindset for customer service and are open to coaching opportunities. Flexible scheduling options, and consistent support on the job is available if needed.","Corporate Manager in Retail Escalations","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 27, 2018","5.0"
"productive and fun","In the U.S., this bank is the fifth largest bank by number of branch offices, sixth largest by deposits, eighth largest by total assets,[2][3] and fourth largest in number of ATMs.","Full Stack Developer","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 27, 2018","5.0"
"Good Corporate Workplace","Solid workplace environment with good work life balance. Managers genuinely cared about employee career development. Not as quick to change as some companies, but a solid place to work.","Assistant Vice President - Sourcing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 27, 2018","4.0"
"Great Schedule","The schedule and location are great. Management tries to engage employees. The work is interesting and benfits are good for part-timers. Enjoyable envrionment","Investigations Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2018","4.0"
"producctive place with a lot of politics","a typical day requires you to do a specific job function while helping others complete theres. must be done in a timely manor. management doesn't give new hires the time they need for training and just hope that you will catch on quickly. everything changes almost everyday referring to policy's and procedures. most of the people are nice and occasionally they feed you lunch the pay is ok and there is room for growth only if someone retires or leave.","contractor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 26, 2018","3.0"
"Great place to work and full of advancement"," this bank is a great place to work. If you love numbers and dealing with the public in a customer service atmosphere you will love this job. this bank also offers government holidays paid off.","Loan Officer","Current Employee","North Carolina","February 26, 2018","4.0"
"Good Company"," this bank had a small credit card portfolio that they managed and tried to grow without success, so they sold it to MBNA in an attempt to make a profit.","Credit Analyst II","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","February 25, 2018","3.0"
"Work environment","Opening for bank tellers consisted of safety check with another member of staff. Opening and signing on. Depositing over night drops to business accounts. Daily activity of customers transactions. Helping clients with maintaining their accounts. The hardest part of the job is accuracy. I loved the daily interaction with the clients.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Grandview, OH","February 25, 2018","4.0"
"Wonderful Work Place","One of the best places to work for, great pay and workplace culture is very positive and relaxed. If you enjoy assisting customers then this job is for you.","Customer Care Representative","Former Employee","Portage, MI","February 25, 2018","4.0"
"not the best work place","They sell you a good dream but as time goes on you start you feel like you were told a few lies. Management is the biggest problem they all need management classes.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 25, 2018","1.0"
"Great Place to work.","Company had grown fast in small amount of time. Excellent management, great place to work. Company was in process of being bought out by Washington Mutual Financial","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","February 25, 2018","5.0"
"Agressive sales culture","Started to copy Wells Fargo in aggressiveness of sales and increasing goals. Stressful environment and long work hours. Enjoyable working experience at local lever and learned a lot from my time there.","Senior Branch Manager","Current Employee","Fairfax, VA","February 23, 2018","1.0"
"My time at this bank","I learned a lot in my time at this bank for that I will forever be grateful. I rose in the ranks quickly through hard work and dedication. I would definitely return if it was possible. My co workers were the best ever.","Operations Production Support Specialist - ATM","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 23, 2018","4.0"
"Part time","Training was concise and helpful. Felt prepared to do the job from day one. Welcoming staff that were always there to assist. Able to balance home and work when my child was younger.","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Greensburg, PA","February 23, 2018","4.0"
"I can not say anything negative about this bank as an employer. I thrived there for 17 years.","A typical work day was arriving at the office and executing the appointments planned for my day. I got to interact with great people, fellow employees, existing customers, and had the opportunity to develop great new relationships. Everyday was a new experience that I truly valued. I worked with great partners that helped to support when tasks were outside of my realm of capability. I worked closely with mortgage representatives, financial advisors, merchant service representatives, branch managers, and had very good reliable interactions with them all. I was also able to utilize relationships with business owners in the area of which I developed strong relationships. I had a great rapport with CPA's, Doctor's, Realtors, and other local small business owners.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","February 22, 2018","5.0"
"I did a review.","I do not wish to give such review. I have no opinion. What I learned is that its all about producing as much as you can as fast as you can. No question about integrity and credit quality and the final decision. If you rejected to high of a percentage of applications or requested proof of income too much you would never be able to reach your mandated quantity requirements. It take almost as long to reject an applications as it does to approve one and complete the process. But all management looks at is final results.","Consumer Loan Underwriter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 22, 2018","2.0"
"a great place to work"," this bank was a great company to work for, i did not personally enjoy the work that i did, but everyone was great . if call center work is your jb i would go for it","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 22, 2018","4.0"
"It was a good place to work","a 830 to 530 . 40 hr week. Great Benefits. management played favorites. Great hours. Loved my customers. learned a lot about banking. hardest thing was to slow down. had one half day every other week","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","February 22, 2018","4.0"
"Awesome customers","Horrible experience with management...new staff now though. Made many, many friends at this company. I would work here again and recommend knowing staff has changed.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","February 21, 2018","3.0"
" this bank","The was a great part time job with no stress and I was able to work on my own with the support form the team as a whole. I left the job but was able to return with no problems and received open arm from the staff based on my past experience with the company.","Check Processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 21, 2018","5.0"
"good place for banking and investments","A very structured culture and opportunities are unlimited. Some of the bureaucracy can lead to slower turn times on loans. Very complicated processing and underwriting system. Which is shifting to a more streamlined approach. Hopefully for the better.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","February 21, 2018","4.0"
"relaxed and productive work enviornment","on a day to day, I learned many banking terms, how to perform different transactions as well enhance my service skills. I work closely with upper management, which helped me produce at a high level.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","February 21, 2018","2.0"
"A nice place to work"," this bank is a well run and focused environment. The professionals here are generally life long bankers with solid foundations. The bank is positioning itself to be a long term leader in the banking space","Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Washington, DC","February 21, 2018","4.0"
"Banks","All the banks are very clean, and the people are very nice. The property is very well maintained. Always something to see on the inside of the banks. Good place to place your money.","Quality Control Manager","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","February 20, 2018","5.0"
"n/a","It is a good place to work and the culture is also good. The new healthcare plan they put us in is my main complaint they are now under a high deductible plan.","Service Specialist Implementation Services","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 20, 2018","3.0"
"Horrible Pay, No Reward for Stellar Performance","Horrible, deflating workplace. Lowest pay in the business. Deductible is $3000/yr per insured person. Bosses work from home and don't want to be bothered when they're required to be in the office. They flat out tell you you can't earn more than a 1% raise despite strong evaluations unless you work in sales or management. Good people work hard then get disgusted and leave. High turnover rate. Too concerned with seeing their logo on stadiums, buses, even trash cans than to pay a liveable wage. They will use you UP.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2018","1.0"
"fun","I found it productive and inspiring and encouraging. The workforce was positive and management worked well with employees. The most enjoyable part of the job was in ministry to others, and their families.","Software Test Engineer","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 19, 2018","5.0"
"Good people and conservative company"," this bank financial services is a great company to work for to start a career in banking or as a manager looking to advance. If you have a passion for banking you will do well. Many of the people I worked with were pleasant and fun to build relationships with. I would recommend this bank to a friend.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","February 19, 2018","4.0"
"Relaxed Agile Environment","One of the Best experience i had in this bank working as a BA in Agile environment. work under experience talented Scrums, PO, Devs and Stakeholders or Business users.","Senior Business Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 19, 2018","5.0"
"Great Job","Working with this bank was a delight. I enjoyed my peers as well as working with the public. Overall it was a nice experience with the company. I was able to gain a pay raise within a year and relocating and transferring to different positions was acceptable.","Consumer Associate Support","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","February 18, 2018","4.0"
"They really care about their employees","You have benefits almost immediately , the pay is awesome . The health insurance is the best I've had . Management genuinely cares about their employees.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 18, 2018","4.0"
"Workplace Culture","Promotes Inclusion and Diversity. I believe that this bank works hard to be the leader in the industry and wants their employees to thrive in the workplace.","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 18, 2018","4.0"
"I was only with this bank for a short time, they bought out bank N Bank","I was only with this bank for a short time as I was laid off after they bought out bank N Bank. bank N was a wonderful company to work for and I miss the company greatly","AVP","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 17, 2018","4.0"
"Fast-paced environment with room for growth","Though short-lived, I enjoyed my time at this bank. While it is a fast-paced environment full of multi-tasking, my role was well-supported by management. Adequate training was provided.","AVP","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2018","4.0"
"I love working for this bank","there very friendly and really interested in you career goals. Since the first day I started I made my goals known to my manager and she did her utmost to make sure I reached them.","Branch Service Sales Associate","Current Employee","Avon, IN","February 15, 2018","5.0"
"Fast pace but friendly environment","Very family oriented with a true appreciation of the employees. I was seriously injured shortly while still in training. They showed great support to my family while I was away and allowed me to keep my job. One of my biggest career mistakes was leaving this bank.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 14, 2018","5.0"
"Sales","Sell sell sell. High expectations of selling accounts per month. Long hours. They do good trainings for the position. Pay is good with incentives. Off holidays","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin Park, NJ","February 14, 2018","3.0"
"Not a great place"," this bank's culture has changed significantly. Very sales-oriented, no room for growth and I don't feel they do what is best for the customer. The company is a game of politics.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Princeton, NJ","February 14, 2018","3.0"
"could be guided better","becoming like other banks looking for widgets but using different language so they are not out of compliance or compared to other banks. expectations are too high","Business banking Center Manager","Current Employee","West Grove, NJ","February 13, 2018","3.0"
"Love the job","Great place to work. Great Pay, Benefits. I was new to banking and in a year i got 3 raises 1 promotion and one heck of a bonus when we won the chairman award","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"teller and customer service rep","Teller for several years doing deposits and counting money. I also was a customer service and did loans for customers. Worked full time and loved my job.","Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"If You Don't Mind Lying This Is the Place for You","If you don't mind lying to people on a constant basis and don't mind working the system to your advantage then this is the place for you. A lot of shady policies and loopholes that lead to no accountability. Lack of structure and high management turn over that left you with a lack of leadership.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","New Jersey","February 12, 2018","1.0"
"Great position","This research position was great for me. An amazing opportunity to learn about real application of economic principles outside of the classroom. Raw data collection in particular was a plus.","Bank Foundation Research Fellow","Former Employee","Bloomington, IL","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"Financial Services Team Manager","The job entailed recruiting, coaching and managing licensed specialists housed in bank branches across 4 region territory. Focus was on individual investment sales under $100k and referrals to this bank investments and this bank wealth management for larger transactions from branch customer base. Heavy telemarketing work to obtain client appointments. FS were sales leaders in branch and coached team to secure referrals. Employees also had to meet retail branch goals for opening new accounts and obtaining loans and credit card accounts.","VP","Former Employee","Troy, MI","February 12, 2018","4.0"
"Big intentions, small reality"," this bank Investment Center is OK for those new to Financial Adviser role, selling volumes of clients and products by phone. Due to high staff turnover, promotion comes quickly to performers. But weak referrals and channel conflict with branch advisers & bankers make tough odds for long term success.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","February 12, 2018","2.0"
"Manager","Worked in the Trust Department and enjoyed working with my fellow co-workers and work was challenging and fast paced. I enjoyed this. Great company to work for","Word Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2018","4.0"
"good","working for this bank was great the money was great and the people but with dealing with such important info its very easy to get ahead of yourself and mess up so you have to take your time","CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2018","5.0"
"I love my work place and my work family.","Love my position looking for full time position. Currently working part-time. Working part-time does not provide for my family. My employer currently does not have a full-time position available.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Orrville, OH 44667","February 11, 2018","5.0"
"Decent Company to work for","Culture shifted once ownership shifted from bank N Bank to this bank. The bank N Bank culture was family oriented and allowed for professional and personal growth within the company.","Customer Service Sales Associate","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","February 11, 2018","4.0"
"Great Company to Work For","Great hours with a strong culture for promoting within. Strong values with great management that believe in the values they promote. I would highly recommend this company","Various Positions","Former Employee","Wildwood, MO","February 11, 2018","4.0"
" this bank still remains a good place establish roots in","I enjoyed working with most of my colleagues (within my team and across other groups) while I was at this bank. The Midwestern and Western Pennsylvania culture makes it more homey than other places I have been at. It also seemed to me that you have a better chance to shine if you are diligent and capable person. It could open up opportunities to grow.","Customer Experience Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 10, 2018","4.0"
" this bank","a Typical day at work was busy. Because I did all the auditing I loved meeting new people as they came in. I learned more about my management skills.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 9, 2018","4.0"
"Not encouraging","No advancement opportunities, no management at all, just employees left to man the bank, high-sales pressure. Not enough staff to help out. Computer program used to search up answers to questions is horrible and inefficient.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","February 9, 2018","2.0"
