"Productive and a nice working environment","I really enjoyed working with this bank, the coworkers I had turned into great friends and the work environment was fun and healthy. During the time I was with them my husband was deployed and everyone was very kind. I really enjoyed my customers and our conversations with them.","Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","November 10, 2015","4.0"
"Not Stable, Very Stressful","After 6 months of working at this bank, I had to place my two weeks notice. The job itself was extremely stressful. Management was poor. Everyone was close bc of previous work history . Things happen so if you didn't meet management goals they didn't pay any attention to you. However, if you met and exceeded one month, you were fine. I've never worked for a company that doesn't believe in paying they employees. Even part timers were ONLY GUARANTEED 28 hours. Nothing more, nothing less. I was never given an actual schedule. My schedule were either called or texted to me the morning of.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Montgomery, AL","November 9, 2015","2.0"
"Great Company","Really pushes for success, Great company to work for job experience. If you have trouble there is a call center that helps you do your job. You take classes while at work to learn the company product and banking rules and regulations.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 9, 2015","5.0"
"Productive workplace with daily goals.","Good place to work. Excellent management, willing to mold their team members to be great! Very basic customer service position.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 9, 2015","4.0"
"Great company","Productive fast growing company. They acknowledge your hard work, including employee appreciation week. I enjoyed my time within the company great, colleagues.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","November 8, 2015","4.0"
"enjoyable work environment"," this bank is a well managed company to work for with great room for advancement throughout the widely known financial institute.","Teller","Current Employee","Thornville, OH","November 8, 2015","4.0"
"Productive, professional, fun workplace with great incentives","Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers, but how you personally grow and develop. Efficient amount of red tape and politics, but it comes with the territory. The most enjoyable part of the job was working along side positive, upbeat, and helpful individuals in every position. The hardest part of the job was dealing with difficult consumers without seeming contradictory. A typical work day there would be taking calls of course, attending necessary daily meetings, acknowledging and applauding employee achievements,and implementing ideas to enhance customer experience.","Financial Services Consultant Tier II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 7, 2015","5.0"
"Fast Pace Teller","First day at work and Im already into a fast pace environment. I love the people and the how the company takes cares each other.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 6, 2015","5.0"
"Obsolete Managers","There are no leaders or mentors in my region, managers are very lazy and have personal relationships outside of work The hardest part of the job is dealing with management who rely on low wage employees to meet goals and oversee branch operations.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","New Jersey","November 6, 2015","2.0"
"Great benefits, low pay grade"," this bank is a fantastic place to work, there is a lot of room to grow and improve in your role. The benefits and home life are amazing however there is a high volume of turn over and excessive rulechanges. overall it is a great place to but youve got to be able to handle a lot of change and low pay.","FSC","Current Employee","North Carolina","November 5, 2015","3.0"
"You build a relationship with your customers.","You get to meet really cool people. It's a challenging job in committing to your goals. You get to learn a lot from specific roles if you are willing to learn.","Teller","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 4, 2015","4.0"
"Teller Rep","Worked as a travelling teller in the North Region. I got the opportunity to see many different branches and develop an understanding of how retail banking works and how each branch finds a way to adapt to their surrounding community I really enjoy the company and would recommend them to anyone as far as my experience goes.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2015","5.0"
"Great Culture."," this bank has done a great job creating an team based workplace. Employees are provided with training to further their knowledge of bank practices. Enjoyed my time with this bank. Opportunities for advancement are readily available.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","November 4, 2015","4.0"
"Good place to work","Enjoyed the wins in sales. Spoke to corporate financial directors to explain the process of accepting purchasing cards for payments. Enjoyed interacting with company representatives gaining trust and accomplishing sales goals.","customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 4, 2015","2.0"
"Management","Management is not very good there. They think the answer to everything is more conference calls and they like to fee customers to death."," this bank Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Upper Arlington, OH","November 3, 2015","2.0"
"Building a brand new book from 'ground zero'","The most enjoyable part of my job is working with my co-workers and accomplishing our goals each week. I also enjoy my clients. I take great pleasure in customer service and keep my clientele very satisfied. I meet my goals not only quarterly, but annually. Management has a tremendous amount of red tape and politics!","Banking Advisor II","Current Employee","Norfolk, VA","November 3, 2015","3.0"
"an ok place to work."," this bank is a great place to work, but the universal banker role should have more training. I think, if it were more hands on and interactive, that would help too. Overall it's an ok bank to work for.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","November 2, 2015","2.0"
"Relaxed and Employee and Customer Focused"," this bank is a great company to work for, they offer job advancement and strived to keep the balance of customer service for the clients and employee work life balance","SPOC III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 2, 2015","5.0"
"Eh, not too shabby","Not a bad place to work. But they are definitely very parsimonious in comparison to other banks. High expectations for very low pay.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bloomfield, NJ","November 1, 2015","5.0"
"Solid Company but lacking in advancement opportunities","A typical day for me consists of early morning conference calls followed by outside sales activation. Everyday my work location varies based on events scheduled for the week. I've learned how to juggle personal sales goals and management of a sales force including relationship building within a large market. Management doesn't seemed to be aligned with customer facing employees throughout the market which is a key factor in me seeking new employment. There is a very high turnover of employees in the company which makes it difficult to establish best practices that lead to positive results. The hardest pat of my job is having to deal with so many different personalities without any real support from my direct management. Philadelphia is the largest market in the company and I'm equipped with a team of four to meet the demands of such a large network. The best part of my job is that I am not tied down to any office as I am part of a mobile team. I love the freedom to create my own schedule and the opportunity to travel and experience different types of events.","Experiential Sales Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","November 1, 2015","3.0"
"Too far from Parent company","I worked for this bank for a short time, but because they don't have a local presence it felt like we were out on an island. Othewise very typical bank experience.","Loan Officer","Former Employee","West Linn, OR","October 30, 2015","3.0"
"My first job","It was very nice place to work in .This was place where i started my career as QA tester and i learned most of my skills .Other team member were very nice to help me and teach me real world working rules.","QA Tester","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 30, 2015","4.0"
"lead a team in the financial industry","rally a team to find opportunity in existing clients financial needs. work with small business bankers to identify and create banking relationsips","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Toms River, NJ","October 29, 2015","3.0"
"Professional work environment","Very supportive management. Training for the job is adequate. Supportive team mates and business partners, Large sales territory, a lot of travel.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 29, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, but slow work environment","As a previous employee of this bank I would like to thank this bank for the opportunity within their company. Saying I learned a lot would be an understatement. this bank kept me constantly growing as an individual in my work environment. Managers with outstanding leadership skills aided me throughout my this bank journey. It definitely enhanced my verbal and communication skills.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin Farms, VA","October 29, 2015","4.0"
"Fun place, they had a lot to offer. 1 hour breaks too","This was a great place to work at, however you would have to jump through hoops getting software you needed. The bad thing about this bank was that I had to frequently travel to Pittsburgh.","UI Software Engineer","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","October 27, 2015","4.0"
"Productive place to work for","productive place to work for. Very fun and diversified . work and life balance. your feedback is always appreciated .fast pace and fun to work for","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","October 27, 2015","5.0"
"Great benefits, but unsure if it can hold up the remaining mess..."," this bank is not a bad company to work for. The benefits are, in fact, rather exceptional, with health, vision, dental, and even a 401(k) plan matching at 4%. A lot of times, however, it does appear that upper management seems to be running in circles. I work in the branch in downtown Mechanicsburg where our regional manager's office resides, so you'd think they'd have a more keen sense on what's going on - they don't. Our regional manager is up a flight of stairs no more than 10 steps, and he JUST learned my name a few weeks ago - I got hired in February and it's now the end of October. When it comes to the sales side of things, it's not difficult to make goals. You do get a nice compensation depending on what job position you take. If you're in it for a bit of 'commission' then you're better off going for a Financial Sales Consultant role and should steer clear of a Teller or Customer Service Associate. Depending on how many accounts you open, credit cards you sell, loans you apply for, or even referrals you submit, you'll earn $6. You could spend 10 minutes opening an account for $6, where at the same time you could apply for a loan, have to keep an eye on it for weeks, keep in contact with them and up to date about it, and set yourself reminders to continuously observe the status of it and ultimately set up an appointment for a loan closing (sometimes months later). How much do you get for that? $6 (that's if you're a customer service associate - financial sales consultant works a bit differently). The nice thing, however, is that if you refer a customer to Investments and - more...","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","October 26, 2015","3.0"
"Mortgage","Worked closely with the business consultant, learned pivot tabels, v look up, managed complex calendars, approve expense reports, check requests, purchase orders","Senior Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Bellevue, WA","October 26, 2015","3.0"
"Very unstable place of business for a trained PM","It is difficult to put into words how much change the organization is undertaking around project management. There are levels that are very committed to an agile form of project management while the underlying management takes that with a grain of salt and proceeds to move forward with their own ideology and process. There is a great deal of dysfunction in this organization that would lead one to believe that it is impossible to predict how a career would go, let alone the first year of employment. As a former military member it is easy to see from a team perspective that this is a recipe for disaster. And, if you cannot move ahead with positive influence it is best to remove yourself from the line of fire. And, that is what I am doing.","Technology Project Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 26, 2015","3.0"
"Bad location, no foot traffic","Would have enjoyed it better if it had been busier. I had a wonderful manager who cared about his employees. Loved my customers","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Southport, NC","October 26, 2015","4.0"
"Under payed, Over worked","Ask to do too much in too little, minimums are difficult to reach. Ask to service walk-ins, do follow ups for existing clients on top of making 140 calls a week.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Mechanicsburg, PA","October 25, 2015","2.0"
"Fun and productive work place.","Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them.","Retail Banking Teller","Former Employee","Bloomsburg, PA","October 24, 2015","5.0"
"great place to advance and grow","Great place to work especially if you are looking to be somewhere and grow in your career or just grow in knowledge. The customer relationship is what makes this job most fun and rewarding.","UNIVERSAL BANKER","Former Employee","peoria, il","October 23, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work but the work life balance was poor","The culture within the store was fun and challenging. My colleagues were all friendly and helpful. The upper management seemed to contradict their own directives making it hard for store management to react and be as productive as they would like. The store was also overstocked with merchandise making it hard for customers to shop. The quality of the merchandise was very good. The department managers were all dedicated people that were willing to help one another.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 23, 2015","3.0"
"the pros and cons of banking with this bank BANK","Working at this bank BANK was sales driven I was always busy with clients, phone calls, and other responsibilities. My in branch management team was a great team we all pitched in to make it a great day. I really enjoyed the close relationships built with customers and putting a smile on their face.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pikesville, MD","October 23, 2015","4.0"
"Customer Service","This job is a lot of customer service. Its usually a very busy day. The co-workers are very nice and management is very helpful. The hardest part of the job is the miserable customers. The most enjoyable part is your day goes by fast.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, Pa","October 22, 2015","3.0"
"Universal Banker Position","Workplace is easy going and fast paced. Co-workers are very team oriented. No room for growth or raises and bonus's are minimal.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Collinsville, IL","October 22, 2015","5.0"
"Loved the best job place and people.","The co-workers were the best I ever had, manager was amazing was always on time and would never leave us hanging with any job that needs it to be done, he would always answer his phone even is he was on vacation we needed to contact him for overwritting checks over 100k. We all became very good friends and on Fridays I used to cook to all my co-workers we either had dinner at my place or their place. Best people I've worked with.","In-store Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Arlington, VA","October 21, 2015","5.0"
"Best job/career","Wonderful work environment, nice manangers/coworkers, good benefits for even part-time, most enjoyable part of the job is getting to help customers","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 21, 2015","5.0"
"productive and fun work environment","Very enjoyable work environment. Emphasis on employee development, cohesive work environment between managerial staff and all employees in every work environment.","Senior Loan Support Specialist 2","Former Employee","Brecksville, Ohio","October 21, 2015","5.0"
"You Are Just A Number and Customer Service is Awful. Stressful and Low Pay","This company has changed a lot in the last few years. They are getting rid of workers all of the time. You are just a number hence why job security is one star. One mistake and you are gone. 6 months ago i went from sitting in a room of tellers and now sit in a room of new tellers. They fired a woman who has worked here 30 years because of one mistake. Took benefits away from her 6 months before retirement! Training is a month long and worthless. You are told to sell to people no matter the situation, if the teller line is full of people you still have to tell a person in a hurry to leave, if they would like a credit card it's B.S. and to top it off they are always under-staffed so if someone wants a credit card they have to make an appointment to see a banker a few days later! you get 6 dollars for referrals. They also have customer survey scores and you and the rest of the team get bonuses when the group scored highly BUT you need a 4.8 score out of 5 which is impossible because so many customers come in angry because we have new people working every week and we are always under-staffed. If you want to work at a bank don't work for this one especially if you're just starting out, you make 9-10 dollars an hour to be way too stressed out because of sales, making customers happy in an environment that is impossible to do so, and being worried you wont have a job tomorrow.","Customer Representative","Current Employee","Rockford IL","October 20, 2015","2.0"
" this bank Experience"," this bank is a financial institution that prides itself on achievement.Everyone strives to ensure client short and long term goals are met.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","October 20, 2015","3.0"
"Don't expect a big pay","Worked there for almost 2 years with only a 30 cents raise..The manager there only cares about themselves and not the lower employee. Even if you work hard you won't get awarded for it.","Teller","Former Employee","MI","October 19, 2015","2.0"
"Great flexibility","Company is great in terms of flexibility with work from home and flex days. Good teams and management. Processes established to complete tasks are somewhat cumbersome at times, and make it difficult to be successful. Overall the people and organization care about the employees and maintaining work-life balance.","Technical Resource","Former Employee","Ohio","October 19, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work.","Have worked here for 3 years, find it interesting and always a challenge. Management is great and the employee benefits are great.","BA IV at this bank Mortgage","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Ohio","October 19, 2015","4.0"
"Management in the branch is awesome, but any management higher than that are very bad."," this bank is one of the lowest paying banks. They need to keep up with other banks and come up with a better competitive pay. Benefits is expensive. Branch managers are great, they care about their workers, but it's the Higher management who don't seem to care about the employees. They are just looking out for themselves. They just care about the numbers. Very product pusher! I don't like it at all.","Teller","Current Employee","Holland, MI","October 18, 2015","1.0"
"Good team","I like the people I work with. They're a strong team. Job itself could be better. Don't get paid enough for the pressure you're under constantly.","Teller","Current Employee","Hermitage, PA","October 18, 2015","3.0"
"greay environment. friendly people","I enjoyed the interaction between myself and the guests. They were friendly and I had a great teller supervisor and general manager. I would definitely recommend this position to anyone.","Part Time bank Teller","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 18, 2015","4.0"
"Great people, declining comp/benefits","Compensation is below industry standards in some areas. Good benefits. Room for advancement but frequent restructures with layoffs.","HR","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 18, 2015","4.0"
"Kind of negative","management didn't know how to realte to it's employees. so, employees alway felt disconnected from managers. Pay was not the best either.","Licensed Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","October 17, 2015","4.0"
"Great work-life balance & management","Really fantastic work life balance, management is typically very down to earth and helpful. People genuinely care about your success in your role, ranging from upper management to peers. The only suggestion I would make would be to avoid this role if you are used to a traditional banking background. The new universal banker role is very much sales driven, and those uncomfortable with warm calling and sales quotas will not enjoy working here.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Town and Country, MO","October 17, 2015","5.0"
"A great place to work"," this bank has been a great place for me to work. They have provided me with great job security and the people I work with in my local branch are wonderful.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","October 16, 2015","4.0"
"Sales and service"," this bank was an amazing place to work, I enjoyed all of my 2 years with the company. The staff members at my branch were such a great team to work with and the customers were so kind. I really enjoyed the location in the heart of downtown DC.","Customer Sales Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","October 15, 2015","4.0"
"customer service","I'm always giving great customer service and making clients feel special. I love to prioritized my morning, so it will be less stress to complete my job for the day.","Bank Representative II - Handling","Current Employee","n/a","October 14, 2015","5.0"
"A lot of work and not a lot of pay","Good company to work for. There is good branch level management support. Stress on hitting numbers but for the most part goal's are achievable. Good team environment. strong customer service focus. Easy to get answers to questions or issues you might not know how to solve.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","October 14, 2015","3.0"
"*","Great team to work with. Overall work/life balance was sufficient. Hardest was lack of support and communication at times.","Supervisor II","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 14, 2015","3.0"
"Great place to work!!","I learn something new everyday from my manager or co-workers and most of all my customers. I leave at the end of the day knowing that I've made a positive difference in their lives.","Teller","Current Employee","Lumberton, NJ","October 14, 2015","5.0"
"Great work/life balance, really friendly environment","Worked at this bank as an intern for 3 months. People are always willing to help. Great work/life balance. Great management. Really close relationship between co-workers.","Quantitative Intern","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","October 13, 2015","5.0"
"Energetic andeventful"," this bank is a great place to work. The company is quick to show they care for their employees. Also benefits are well price pointed for employees","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Poland, OH","October 13, 2015","4.0"
"Not the best company to work for","Every man for him self type of atmosphere due to the fact goals have to be hit, training of new employees is really unorganized","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","October 13, 2015","2.0"
"Productive workplace.","Great coworkers and managers. A very small town banking feel but on a nationwide scale. Learn about customer service skills and banking skills.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Shelby, OH","October 12, 2015","5.0"
"The Work Culture is Fun!","I left to attend to a family matter, which is resolving very well The training staff at this bank are actually quite intelligent, and entertaining.","Professional customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2015","5.0"
"Not complicated work, lots of work","Not a lot of complicated tasks but busy the entire day. Hard to move around without leaving the department. A lot of work expected in one day.","IRA OPERATIONS CUSTOMER SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 11, 2015","4.0"
"Supportive and fun place to wor"," this bank is a very nice place to work, there goals are reasonable and management are very supportive by helping us succeed with our career at this bank.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Deerfield, IL","October 10, 2015","4.0"
"Good career opportunities, but continually changing focuses","Great company with good career opportunities (if you are in the correct location). The company seems to continually change focuses and it is tough to make long term plans because there are continual changes in management with new directives.","Senior Manager","Current Employee","Noblesville, IN","October 8, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Retail Bank","Basic Branch Manager Function. Company is Human Sigma and Customer Service focused. I have learned value of performance managing sales performance for overall sales out comes.","Branch Manager II AVP","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","October 7, 2015","5.0"
"With a Degree lots of room to move within","Most management are great and really incurage your development. They push you to achieve the best and make the most out of yourself. The best is being able to work with colleagues and learn from them hands on.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Martin, MI","October 7, 2015","3.0"
"Management","Each region with this bank has its own management, that are great at what they do and allow advancement for their employees.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Olney, MD","October 7, 2015","4.0"
"It's a bank.","It was customer service. At a bank. There is training and then you work. Then re-training when the rules change. I loved helping people. I hated the red tape and rules designed to hinder helping people.","Product Sales","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 7, 2015","3.0"
"Motivated and professional"," this bank required excellence in the workplace and properly trained and motivated their employees to meet their expectations.","Core Services Consultant","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","October 6, 2015","5.0"
"Expanded my banking and loan documentation expertise","During my tenure, I have had the opportunity to learn more about the banking line of business, and the loan documentation process. The most enjoyable part of my job has to be the people I work with, and the chance to share my knowledge with others.","Credit Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","October 6, 2015","4.0"
"Teller","No room for advancement. Terrible pay and benefits. Other financial institutions are better to work for than this bank, try them before coming to this company.","Head Teller","Former Employee","Charlotte Hall, MD","October 6, 2015","1.0"
"Just a number","Excellent company, Great Staff, but your just a number in the large banking world. A lot of travel. Excellent ability to learn.","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Fair Haven","October 5, 2015","5.0"
"I wouldn't do it","I worked for this company and have to say horrible experience I wasn't with the company a month before being fired the manager who hired me quit while I was in training and when the new manager came in she fired me I wouldn't work for this bank in Birmingham Alabama period you've been warned","Financial sales consultant","Former Employee","Bessemer","October 5, 2015","1.0"
"Good company to work for","Enjoyed my time at this bank, Due to the smaller workload in our department, was displaced. Typical day was looking at 2 displays and paying the invoices required. Co-workers were fun to work with.","Invoice Processor","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 5, 2015","4.0"
"Great place for opportunity","a lot of variety in day to day activity. People are good to work with. Management supports growth potential. Good company to work for","Team Leader","Former Employee","philadelphia pa","October 5, 2015","5.0"
"Great Job","Worked with Marketing Dept, to drive traffic into to bank branch locations to open new bank accounts. Hired 8-12 brand ambassadors to help drive traffic.","Field Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 5, 2015","4.0"
"Some Managers are uneducated in technology","Some Managers are too dependent on technical people and very uneducated in technology. The managers are depending too much on the technical people and delegating too much, so the manager does whatever the technical people say. So in reality the developers have more power than the manager.","NET developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2015","3.0"
"Manage employees at a branch to make banking easier for customers","A development program with supportive management to help you grow and develop into a manager. Several training sessions to help teach about different aspects of banking and the different products and services that the company has to offer.","Branch Manager Trainee Program","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 4, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Review","there are few words to describe this position, you have to experience it yourself to understand. there truly are not many more words to say","Customer Care Center Outbound Sales","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work","fun place to work but there are to many changes to frequently. good management. good co workers. good experience. pays low.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Centreville, VA","October 4, 2015","3.0"
"Good place to work","Really focused on customer service, really cared about their customers. Incentive pays are good for good quarters. Lots of rewards and recognition. My manager was great, coworkers are nice and friendly, my mentor was very helpful and experiences. Maintain good customer service is hard, weekly customer service survey can be stressful.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Illinois","October 3, 2015","5.0"
"Sales","When it comes to an open friendly environment to work in this bank is definitely that. Advancement opportunities are not the best, due to the bank being new to the market. Bonuses were not worth it. One could work like crazy and not receive what their worth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","October 3, 2015","3.0"
"Downtown Pittsburgh"," this bank is a huge operation. Our section with Global Investment Services managed mutual funds which specifically involved preparing Form 1120-RICs and footnote disclosures for their annual reports. this bank decided to open a global investment service section in Pittsburgh in 2008, but then decided to close the entire operation in 2009 They told us that these jobs which were mostly based on the East Coast (Philadelphia and Boston) were ideal for Pittsburgh, but they abruptly had a change of heart and let go our entire floor, roughly 100 workers Regulated investment companies was an short stop during my 25 years of work experience. It wasn't a bad position, but the daily commute to downtown Pittsburgh was typically a 3 hour time period each day, both ways. The parking and food was quite expensive and the traffic/construction/accidents/weather/special events did present some challenges along the way. My manager was among my all-time favorites and my co-workers were very smart and devoted to our responsibilities.","Senior Tax Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 2, 2015","2.0"
"I was a Data Entry Clerk and process payments.","I enjoyed this fast-paced position as a data entry clerk. The job was exciting with the high volume of receivables to process on daily basis.","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","October 2, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, fun, and warm environment","Imagine fun and working at the same time.....impossible, right? this bank Eastwick center was great. On site lunchroom (not free), on site daycare for emergencies (pretty sure it wasn't free), free parking in a huge lot, near the airport, near 95 and major roads, shuttle picks up employees and takes them to the nearby train (free), etc. As for the work, all the employees are so happy and willing to help and the management was terrific.","Contracted Employee - Data Entry Representative","Former Employee","Eastwick, PA","October 1, 2015","5.0"
"Fun and enjoyable place to work","Fellow employees are always willing to assist others and maybe the job fun. I enjoy assisting customer with their banking needs.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Canton, Mi and Frankenmuth, mi","October 1, 2015","3.0"
"productive fun place.","great place to work. Hours are horrible. great team. GREAT manager. really easy to learn and stay productive. coworkers are friendly. Hardest part about the job is the horrible hours.","Human Resources Recruiting Administrator","Current Employee","highland hills ohio","September 29, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to get experience","Overall, I enjoyed my experience very my in this bank's investment department. My direct manager was easily the best in my career. Upper management doesn't seem to value advisors, considering them as replaceable cogs.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","44118","September 29, 2015","4.0"
"It was okay","ona regular day you would be answering phone calls concerning this bank account holders about overdraft refunds, balances, online banking or any other type of banking question. I've learned a lot about everyday banking and step to prevent an overdraft from occuring. The co workers are amazing and are the most help when it comes to questions, whereas I found it very difficult to find a manager to answer questions or take an escalated phone call. But it pays very well and the hours are decent, plus you have every holiday off. The only downside is you have to be okay with hear customers cry or yell on the phone while still denying their request but if you can get over that your perfect.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 29, 2015","3.0"
"High turnover, questionable practices","In 2014 this bank hired 700 new employees, within 12 months 600 of them were gone. Experienced many questionable practices, particularly with Quality scoring, which I saw as their was as knocking down the bonus one qualified for. Coaches are young and over the top arrogant, not in the least bit constructive, if anything, they drove down moral; management seemed to have their back all the way, no matter what. The supervisor I worked under was noticeably insecure and gravitated to the brown nosers, leadership skills were very almost no existent. Daily Quick Start's (15 min meetings) were welcomed because they gave a moment of relief from being on the phones, sadly the Quick Starts became as daunting as being on the phones because all they were about was applauding for the top performers followed up by a pressure to raise the bar. In order to drive you, you're scores would be posted for everyone to see where you stood in the pecking order. There were lot's of contests to help drive you and ongoing pot lucks. Be prepared to donate, donate, donate. And if you're not the type to run around to be 'In a click', then you were going to be seen as an outsider. Overall this bank struck me as a very paranoid and oppressive organization, top-down. I'm all for hard work, but not having the life sucked out of me.","Multi Channel Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 29, 2015","2.0"
"Productive, Fun, Friendly","I answered questions/concerns about bank accounts. mailed out lost, stolen, and damaged bank cards. filed disputes and complaints for customers. Everyone there was very welcoming and friendly","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 29, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","Love my branch manager and regional manager, because this is a small market its not any room for growth. They definitely expect way too much and do not like to give to employees. a lot of unprofessional people. a lot of cheifs not enough indians","Teller Supervisor Assistant","Current Employee","Chesapeake, VA","September 29, 2015","4.0"
"Very productive and busy","uplifting work place with associates, sometimes work could be overly intense. Over all great leadership ideas, great medical benefits an 401k.","financial banker","Current Employee","whitehall OH","September 28, 2015","3.0"
"I enjoyed the people I worked with but that's mostly it.","The compensation is far below the norm for the same positions at competing companies. The employee turnover is very fast and it's quite impersonal. Even the interview was conducted as a group interview.","CSA","Former Employee","Canonsburg, PA","September 26, 2015","3.0"
"Professional work environment"," this bank is an extraordinary company to work for. There are plenty of opportunities for promotion and you are always learning.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Cape May Court House, NJ","September 25, 2015","5.0"
"Fun Place to work","The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my co-workers and learning from them. There was always something new to learn.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Seaford, DE","September 25, 2015","2.0"
"Enjoyed helping my Customers","I really enjoyed working for this bank for 13 years and was very successful working in Default Management servicing the Private Client Group. I broke records within this bank for the collections aspect to 97%! Almost one (1) year ago, there was a freeze put on hiring and advancement, along with Corporate Re-Organization within the Company. My expectations in growing within the Company was at a stands still. I was in desperate need for a Career Change.","Loan Specialist III","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 25, 2015","4.0"
"A good employer.","A well-managed company with a reasonable work/life balance. Consistently exceeds earning targets. The nation's sixth largest bank.","SVP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 25, 2015","4.0"
"strong sales skills required","This is a very strong company. Strong financial planning and sales skills are required. There are opportunities to grow to middle management in the area.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","September 25, 2015","3.0"
"make credit decisions","Underwrite risk, recommend credit limits, structure and terms. Underwrite commercial client financial performance, recommend financial strategies for owners to improve efficiencies and margins. I have over 15 years working with commercial clients that I truly enjoy. The banking industry has drasticlly changed due to Dodd Frank and general regulations.","Vice President Senior Business Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 24, 2015","3.0"
"Great Workplace","Great work place with lots of opportunities for advancement excellent training opportunities with good work and life balance.","IT Service Management Process Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","September 24, 2015","5.0"
"takes a lot of patients"," this bank is a great company to work for if you don't stay in the same position for to long. The company has great programs for customers an great products. Would look into the workers more for the great work they put in, should be rewarded more.","Fianacial Advisor","Current Employee","whitehall OH","September 24, 2015","3.0"
"Many recent changes","There have been many drastic changes in banking today with technology so today it is more outreach to have the customers come into the bank for appointments.","Manager","Current Employee","Phillipsburg, NJ","September 24, 2015","3.0"
"Company has a long way to go in the Atlanta area.","I was promised one thing, but given another. I feel as though they did a bait and switch with my life. I didn't receive any of the responsibility that I was promised, and office politics mattered way too much.","Assistant Branch Manager Level II","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 23, 2015","4.0"
"productive, sales, and training, interviewing, coaching","Fun place to work. Get to know and meet lots of people. Not a lot of work life balance where I am available for my kids and their needs. Lots of politics for trying to move on in the company. For my particular location there is a great team to work with and everyone is like family and is always supporting and helping each other to be successful.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2015","4.0"
"overall a good place to start to get experience","good work place, management needs more support from upper management, better training for employees. For the amount of money the company brings in, employees should be paid more.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hershey, PA","September 23, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and helpful work environment with excellent reporting officers.","Excellent place to work either in an internship form or full-time. Helpful and nice co-workers who are there to help at your beckoning.","Operations Assistant","Former Employee","Toronto, ON","September 23, 2015","5.0"
"Great work home balance company","• Manage all aspects and responsibilities of the customer service staff in a call center environment for a team of 30 – 50 representatives.","Operations Manager I - Customer Service","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 22, 2015","5.0"
"Too Big to Connect","At this bank it can be hard to connect the large mission of the organization with the front lines. this bank says a lot about finding, developing, and retaining good talent, but the bottom line is that they don't put their money and resources where their talk is. Lately, this bank has been all about cutting expenses and growing revenue. While I completely understand why this is important for any business, the extremes that this bank has taken have limited the ability of its employees and managers to connect and grow. Instead, they've cut employee benefits, salaries for internal candidates are not competitive, and stress on the individual contributor and local managers is through the roof. The first and second level managers care and want to help grow the individual employees, but they are limited by bureaucracy and red tape. this bank is the largest company I've worked for, so my comparative experience is limited. I have given this bank the benefit of doubt for so long, but I do feel they could do much better.","CRR Team Lead","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","September 22, 2015","3.0"
"Fun job but little room for advancement","I enjoy my position with the company on a daily basis. The problem that I am having is advancement within my current department. There just aren't positions available and the ladder is very short. However, I would definitely recommend this position to young outgoing sales personalities as a great position.","Sales Ambassador","Current Employee","USA","September 22, 2015","4.0"
"Great corporation to work for.","The most enjoyable part of my job was working with my co-workers. There was a lot of variety in what I did each day. The hardest part of the job was the extensive amount of changes everyday. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a large corporation.","Senior Loan Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2015","5.0"
"It was great as RBC","I was an RBC employee and then this bank purchased our bank. I absolutely hated working for them and they knew it. All RBC employees hated them and they slowly tried to get fire us all. I was one of the blessed ones I was able to walk away with another job.","Vault Teller II","Former Employee","Stockbridge, GA","September 21, 2015","2.0"
"good place to work","good place to work and friendly environment. there were lots of changes that took place while I was there. I worked on multiple projects while employed there.","Credit Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 21, 2015","3.0"
"Great atmosphere and friendly people!!","It is a great company to work for!! There is a lot of opportunity to grow there if you want to. The management and my co-workers were very friendly","ATM Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland OH","September 20, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work as long as you are willing to work","I was a financial consultant,csa and teller. my branch in particular had a fun environment due to the team. the company is HUGE on customer service. Its all about taking the extra step. To much work for the pay that is received.","Universal banker","Former Employee","New jersey","September 19, 2015","4.0"
"Good Company but need more promotion from with in.","Overall this bank as a company is not bad to work for. But once you get in to certain positions it is hard to advance from with in or move on to areas that are more interesting.","Operations Work Leader II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, pa","September 19, 2015","3.0"
"Very Driven and productive atmosphere.","You are open to work at your own pace on your pipeline to meet monthly exceptions. With the role at the bank, you will learn loan processing and develop great customer service skills. The staff is very friendly and helpful towards each other to work as a team. The hardest part of the job may be all the different systems to preform duties, but once you master learning...you will manage to go back and forth very quick. The best part of the job, is that I actually get to reach out to customers to help save them money or help them with their hardship.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","September 19, 2015","3.0"
"good resume builder","great to build resume.. good for recent grads. low base pay. goals are somewhat attainable but in order to get decent payout, you'll need some luck !","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","MD","September 18, 2015","3.0"
"Working at the branch","I had a good experience working for this bank but I felt that employees were not valued enough. It was time to move on and find something else.","Retail Banking Associate","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","September 18, 2015","3.0"
"Best part of my job","The best part of my job is to help the sales team and customer in making sure the services that the customer has request to be setup are accomplished in a timely manner. I enjoy making both internal and external happy.","Senior Sales Associate","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 17, 2015","4.0"
"Overall its a good place to start a career","Best job i ever had it's extremly demanding as an in-store consultant however the payouts are amazing and its worth it .. very long hours!!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wayne, NJ","September 16, 2015","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a very different bank. Every year of tuition reimbursement requires three more years of service or you will need to pay it back.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Current Employee","Euclid, OH","September 16, 2015","4.0"
"A very enjoyable place to work and learned a lot working in the International Department","My day consists of scheduling meeting, conferences, travel arrangements order supplies and doing expense reports. The typical day always changed. Left this bank to relocate out of Pittsburgh since I spent most of my working career downtown.","Administrative Assistant II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 16, 2015","5.0"
"Exposure to the Corporate world and clients","This role introduced me to the relocation business and allowed me to start interacting with many different Fortune 500 clients.","Marketing Associate","Former Employee","Lombard, IL","September 16, 2015","3.0"
"It is an okay job."," this bank is an okay job. The most enjoyable part of the job was working along with my colleagues and learning from them. Management could diffidently be better in my opinion.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","September 15, 2015","1.0"
"Innovative and Caring Company"," this bank has taken on the challenge of growing demand for technology, the need for ease in banking all while keeping a personal relationship with each customer as the company continues grow. As an employee and customer I am proud to provide and share these services each day. A typical day includes filling up each second with customer contact and simplifying their questions, comments and concerns with answers.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 14, 2015","4.0"
"Excellent place to work for advancement and great benefits.","A typical day at work involved meeting of deadlines by processing deposits for large companies and corporations. I learned many different things while I worked there such as data entry, also how to manage deadlines and also management of co-workers. The hardest part of the job was when we had an over abundance of work, few people and deadlines to meet. The best part of the job was the satisfaction in completing the work under these restraints.","Lead Clerk III","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 14, 2015","5.0"
"Loved the atmosphere!","Great serving job! Loved the management and other employees. Had so much fun at work. When I was there it was very short staffed. Hoping that has since been fixed","Customer Sales Associate","Current Employee","Warren, OH","September 14, 2015","4.0"
"Good Culture and people","Greeat Company to work for and opportunity for advancement. Plenty of different roles within the bank industry to find something enjoyable .","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2015","4.0"
"Not the best place to work not the worst","Seemingly very little room for advancement. Genuinely good candidates are overlooked and more work is created than necessary by having to train new hires from zero background instead of pulling people currently working at company","Senior Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 14, 2015","1.0"
"Sales driven and customer friendly","A typical at work includes assisting customers with their banking needs. Identifying ways that benefit customers with their financial well being. Working as a team player to drive one common goal.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pontiac, MI","September 13, 2015","4.0"
"great work place","great work place, really liked my manager, liked my co workers, loved helping the customers, was my first job in banking and i really enjoyed working for this bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Elgin, IL","September 13, 2015","5.0"
"Customer Service Representative","Fast paced environment, constantly learning new functions and supports various product groups to help service the customer in a timely manner. Primarily responsible for servicing corporate clients and business clients that have Treasury Management products. The management team is very supportive and provides a monthly review of your job performance. Co-workers are great and really live up to the word team player. The hardest part of the job would be keeping up with the influx of calls that 'roll over' to the department, but self-rewarding when you take ownership of the call to service the customer. The most enjoyable part of the job is providing exceptional customer service to the external customer and or the internal service partner. Overall, the company is growing and offers a lot to their employees.","Client Care Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 13, 2015","4.0"
"Great co workers","The best part of my day was my co workers they were very supportive with helping me at the beginning. The branch I was working in needs a whole new team of management. They were very negative and selfish not understanding at all. Weren't professional with the staff. Threatens your job every chance they got very miserable people they are. The pay was very low pay 9.57hr for a lot of work. Work 9 hours only get a half hour break but the managers work 9 hours they get 45 minutes. Six day work week never have time for anything else but work no overtime they make sure they stretch your hours over the 6 days.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2015","1.0"
"Customer sales and service","Enhanced my skills of handling diverse people. Very interesting place to work. My co workers are very nice. Even though I like working here, there is not many opportunities for advancement in the area of my study.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Lower Nazareth","September 12, 2015","4.0"
"Employees best interest is on the bottom of their list. All they care about are the #'s","Management only looks out for themselves. All they care about are the numbers and hitting the insights button to ensure we're having the this bank conversation with every client. They set unrealistic expectations for workers. There will only be 2 or 3 tellers on a busy day and have the line out the door, and expect you to still try and sell a credit card to someone who is frustrated for waiting in line for almost 20 minutes. Extremely frustrating!!! They're now beginning to push out people who make an average salary of $30,000 a year to give their position to someone who is younger and will do the job for less. Where is the loyalty behind that!!!","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Hamilton, NJ","September 12, 2015","1.0"
"Community Bank","Typical banking structure for the Northern Virginia area. Many locations that offer flexibility of work location. Benefits are on par with other banks in the region.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","McLean, VA","September 11, 2015","2.0"
"fun and productive work environment","Working at this bank is challenging but extremely rewarding and a lot of fun. There are a lot of learning and ways you can put skills into place that you build throughout your work life. Overall this bank is a great place to work and very enjoyable to be employed there.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Louisville,KY, 40245","September 10, 2015","4.0"
"Good company, great benefits","Banking isn't what it used to be. Spent a lot of time this last year with not much to do but wait for customers to come in. this bank has a great online and mobile experience, if I didn't work there I would never go to a bank again! Customers love doing banking without the need for a teller which explains the lack of customers.","Teller II","Current Employee","Lancaster County, PA","September 10, 2015","5.0"
"No review","I have not worked at this bank Merchant Services in a number of years, so it would not be appropriate for me to offer a review. I do know that many sales representatives who were there at the same time I worked there have moved on to other employment.","Merchant Services Sales Representative","Former Employee","Iselin, NJ","September 8, 2015","2.0"
"Fun atmosphere. Customers become like family, however pay is low.","Not much opportunity to advance with a company who promotes from the outside but I love being a banker. the customers are the greatest.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","dayton oh","September 8, 2015","3.0"
"Great place to start career in banking."," this bank has a great work culture and it is great for a person who is beginning there career in banking. The ability to advance is great and they are willing to train you so you can grow. The only con is the compensation and working weekends.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati","September 7, 2015","3.0"
"Productive workplace","It was a great place for me to gain many of the customer service skills I still use today. The culture feels like family and there is ample opportunity to grow and expand your future due to the company's size.","Teller","Former Employee","Brighton and Howell","September 5, 2015","4.0"
"What I learned"," this bank does not work well at all with students. Do not like when students need different availability during fall even though you are part time. They are nice people when you say yes to everything, but once they see that you are busy and cannot say yes, they change.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Macungie, PA","September 4, 2015","3.0"
"I enjoyed my interaction with my customers and working with colleagues that made it a fun place to work."," this bank offered great Employee Benefits which included 401K ; incentives, insurance options. It was a fast paced environment with high goal and compliance expectations. It however, has a high employee turn around which made it challenging to have a Job Work and Life balance.","Branch Operational Leader","Current Employee","Grayslake Illinois","September 4, 2015","5.0"
"Have a plan if you are going to work here","For technical positions it has been my experience that this bank is great at allowing time to work from home, and having a work balance that generally allows people to stick to a 40 hour work week. This does come at the cost of nearly non-existent opportunities for advancement within the company, extremely antiquated technology, and highly dogmatic practices that requires a board of upper level managers to review and approval any code change (including 1-line code changes). For these reasons it appears the best employees for this culture are people looking for a secure opportunity that will last them until retirement. Anyone with hopes of career advancement in the technical industry working here must take it upon themselves to ensure they are working on the right type and quantity of projects, and right types of technology, to keep their skills marketable in this antiquated and highly bureaucratic system.","Senior Software Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 4, 2015","2.0"
"Branch Manager","You know when you are viewing 5 different reports in order to make another report things are getting out of hand. Not enough time to deal with customers and employees because of all the busy work, redundant reporting and endless conference calls and meetings. Focus on the important things and leave the busy work behind. Too many layers of management trying to justify their positions by creating more reports to do.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","September 3, 2015","3.0"
" this bank Call Center","Great place to work and is really there for their employees when needed. Great work environment and will work with you to help you understand and to perfect your skills for the job.","Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 3, 2015","4.0"
"Busy and productive workplace","Working here I have learned all of the bank regulations. On a typical day I would have a drawer, and assist customers with currency, checks, change of address, and open accounts. On down time, I would make phone calls. Th co-workers are wonderful, I have worked at numerous branches and everyone is so pleasant.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Caldwell, NJ","September 2, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","A typical day at work is filled with smiling faces and employees ready to assist customers. I learned the banking system and how to identify a financial need and/or benefitfor clients. The most enjoyable part is the customers and getting to know them financially and personally. The hardest part is closing every night and working every Saturday.","Teller","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","September 2, 2015","4.0"
"Working with my peers","I enjoy working with my peers that make my day delightful and willing to help others on a daily basis is the reason why I enjoy my job everyday.","Customer Service Team Lead","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 1, 2015","4.0"
" this bank is a good place to work for but, lacks advancement.","If you have a poor manager it will be difficult to build your skills, advance, and it can be difficult at time to work with other individuals.","Methods and Procedural Specialist II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2015","2.0"
"Work","Your day can go from dull to busy in the blink of an eye. With time you learn what days are going to be busy and hopefully things can be adjusted. Customers can be demanding but I have learned that there are three types. The first is the accepting of their mistakes and are just looking for explanation as to why. When you fix their problem are great full. There's the it's your fault and nothing you can do makes them happy. Then there's the what can you do for me. Employees, including management have become a culture of watching out for number one at whatever cost. Lately this bank has become a company that see's you as the amount of widgets you bring in not an individual no matter how hard you work","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lakewood, Ohio","September 1, 2015","4.0"
"Great team of teller and front line associates","The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them. Business wasn't very busy except the day before a major holiday.","Teller","Former Employee","New York, NY","September 1, 2015","4.0"
"The establishment itself was very professional","A typical day at work was counting my drawer and assisting customers with transactions. I learned a lot about funds and transactions, management was very professional and understanding. My co-workers were very helpful and kind.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Good place to work","I worked here for roughly a year and a half, it was a good place to work at first then it became too stressful because of the short staff.","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Ellwood City, PA","August 31, 2015","1.0"
"Productive","The project was to design and develop a Portfolio Management System for this banking and Financial Services Business. The system provides enhanced Business Process Management (BPM), new Portfolio Reporting System for High Net worth Clients and Credit Risk Management. Earned Good Experience in financial domain related skills.","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Life at work","I work in a tight nit branch. I have been lucky to call this bank my home for the past five years. In working as a teller, I have learned many things. I have learned the value of helping customers achieve their finical goals. I have learned the key to a successful work environment is helping one another. In a typical 8-hour workday I have the opportunity to relate to the customers I have gotten to know over the years and see how their weekend was, and what the coming weeks is bringing them. Being a positive person is key in making my work environment enjoyable.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Jefferson, MD","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Jack of all trades","Constant increasing expectations without compensation to match. Overall decent company but expectations always conflicting between time to work on investment piece of business and requirements to fill buckets on bank side.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","USA","August 31, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun place","It ranges from production support to project work and every day is a different challenge. I learned a lot from working at this bank my co-workers where great.","Oracle DBA","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2015","5.0"
"Quick advancement and quarterly incentives makes this a great company to work for!","Working for a busy branch and due to our location it makes it less challenging to meet our goals Typical day consists of quick starts and engaging customers and team members to exceed brand expectations. The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting different people from all walks of life. Every day is a different experience when dealing with the public. Hardest part of the job is the commute to and from work due to traffic in the area.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Metro DC","August 30, 2015","4.0"
"Unrealistic goals for sales in low-income areas","Nice company for benefits and salary, not very much support from management when facing complex issues with productivity. Not a team environment, lots of red tape.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 30, 2015","3.0"
"Competitive, Challenging, Rewarding quarterly incentive","A typical day at work includes problem solving, assisting my customers, sales, and customer service. I have learned a lot about problem solving and dealing with all types of people. Management stresses providing exceptional customer service. The hardest part of the job is calming down angry people, but it also gave me the opportunity to really listen and defuse the situation. The most enjoyable part of my job was helping my customers and getting to know them.","Relationship Expansion Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazo","August 29, 2015","5.0"
"Limited management support considerable amount of red tape.","Strong values that were developed by the employees of this bank years ago. Work life balance is key to the success of the employees. Typical day at work includes engaging both the operations and sales partners together to provide exceptional customer service to our borrowers. The hardest part of the job is not having the proper products to get the customer approved.","AVP Processing Team Manager","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 28, 2015","3.0"
" this bank is a great place to work. this bank provides the opportunity to excel and provides the ability to have work life balance"," this bank is a great place to work. this bank provides the opportunity to excel and provides the ability to have work life balance. this bank is the 5th largest bank in the united states and is located mainly in the eastern half of the united states.","Treasury management Officer","Current Employee","Sarasota, Fl","August 28, 2015","4.0"
"Fast paced company"," this bank Mortgage was a very fast pace company.The hardest part of the job was knowing you could not help everyone save there home.The enjoyable part of rhe job was knowing that you just made their day giving them hope . r","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 27, 2015","5.0"
"High Pressure sales","Customer based company with sales as your goal. Immediate manager was great to work with. I love helping people meet their financial goals but making sales goals was very difficult for me.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Arnold, MO","August 27, 2015","3.0"
"Nice place to work for","Everyone always worked as a team. Management always gave an helping hand as needed. It was a pleasure providing excellent customer service.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 26, 2015","3.0"
"No too Dificult Not great pay","Not too difficult of a job. Pay sucks. Instore branches want you to go up and down giant aisle to attempt to ask customer for accounts","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Maryland","August 26, 2015","3.0"
"Teams were very close knit."," this bank call center was a fun but at times very stressful work enviorment. We dealt with 100 different customers with 100 different issues or requests every day. The fact that we were behind the scenes and only customer service, we were only able to do so much, dealing with people and their money and not understanding how the process works, it wasn't always possible to make the customer happy. I have a stronger understanding to these processes when it comes to my personal accounts, it also gives me a greater respect for the customer service represenitives that continue to do that type of work.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","August 25, 2015","4.0"
"n/a"," Book Keeper, duties included: filing checks, running the encoding machine, prepared customer statements and answered customer inquiries. Operates the express and business windows. Balances the ATM machine and vault; and orders cash and coins for the branch. Supplied tellers with cash along with supplying cash to various businesses in the local area. Performed teller supervisory functions as assigned. Cross-sells this bank products to banking customers. Assisted the Cash Balancing area with assistance on bank branches out of balance with strict adherence to the established procedures and guidelines. Processes customer deposits, withdrawals, loans and IRA payments. Supplied input to branch manager regarding employee evaluations","Reconcilement Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2015","5.0"
"1st project","Responsibilities: • Formulated Test Plans based on requirements gathered by Business Analysts. • Drafted Test Cases based on the Test Plan and used cases by the clients. • Uploaded the requirements, developed test cases, linked the test cases to requirements, executed test cases, and tracked the defects in Quality Center. • Involved in Functional, System, Integration, Regression Testing of Ab Initio graphs. . • Involved in preparing test data to test the functionality of Ab Initio graphs.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 25, 2015","4.0"
"• Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like Development, INT, QA, UAT and Production.","• Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion support for different projects. • Responsible for Branching and merging the code as per the schedule.","Build and Release Engineer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2015","5.0"
"This company needs help.","The only pro for working for this company is the pay for customer service representatives. This company however lacks employees in their call centers which makes it hard for both the employees and the customers who have to wait on the phone to speak with someone.","Core Services Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 25, 2015","2.0"
"Great place to work and co-workers were fun!","I think the only thing I would change is the management because the company needs new fresh ideas. I think management tends to micro manage the employees which cause stress in certain departments.","Remarketing","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","August 24, 2015","4.0"
"It was ok place to work at first then more work and no more pay and worse hours","This was a call center and advancement opportunities were not there.You were on the phone speaking to customers about there default mortgages and available","Single Point of Contact","Former Employee","miamisburg ohio","August 24, 2015","4.0"
"A great place to work, and the trainors are very talented","I overall enjoyed the work experience, and all the co-workers, and supervisors quite a bit. I do admit I had a concern over a family member, and did not have enough tenure to take Family Medical Leave actually.","Professional customer service","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 24, 2015","5.0"
"Very employee friendly","Management was very supportive of the employees and stressed communication. It was a very positive and enjoyable place to work. The enjoyment came from how great all of the people were within the entire area.","Vice President","Former Employee"," this bank N.A.","August 24, 2015","5.0"
"A+ company with great staff","Great company, solid management and had some great colleagues that helped the team grow. A vast amounts of task that kept everyone challenged and on their toes. Truly enjoy working at this bank.","QA Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 24, 2015","5.0"
"Ensuring my teams numbers were hit and morale stayed UP","Upper management was very detached and teams were expected to achieve the unattainable goals which really created a negative work place branch management was great from my experiences. But turnover and performance as a region was sub par not the greatest environment to work in.","Teller Branch Supervisor","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","August 23, 2015","2.0"
"I would highly reccomend this bank to anyone interested in working in Financial Services","Working at this bank was one of the best work experiences, as well as one of the best, if not the best work environment that I have ever been in. The incentives were excellent as well.","Core Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 23, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, Encourages internal advancement"," this bank has definitely helped my career, I started as a part time teller in 2008 and have worked my way up the chain. this bank endorsed me for my professional licenses.","Financial Sales Consultant II","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","August 22, 2015","5.0"
"Read carefully before considering","If you are young and innovative with ideas you might not want to work here. Management is full of individuals with a superiority complex and will take credit for every good idea you have. You merely become a puppet to their agenda. If you like to go to work and keep to yourself and just maintain the flow that becomes short lived as some like to stir the pot. It's a great bank but human resources needs to step in at some point and realize how much talent is being lost. The culture amongst non exempt employees is phenomenal, the best I have ever seen. The bank president is an everyday guy that shares his wealth of knowledge, just wish he weeded out the wolves in sheep's clothing.","Pinnocio","Current Employee","Gest Street","August 22, 2015","1.0"
"Great place to build your skills for advancement in the workplace","inbound/outbound calls via a dialer system called catch to take mortgage pmts. set payment arrangements to prevent possible foreclosure. my co-workers are like my family. we develop a close bond because of the time we spend together at work. the atmosphere is but management could assist better with developing better morale","EIS Team","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 21, 2015","4.0"
"Good Place overall","Aside from some constant reorganization which seems to be common place anymore, this bank is a good place to work overall. Management at least in my division is extremely flexible with work life balance, wfh etc.","BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","4.0"
"Good Place to Start","This is a good place to get started as a full time job. They offer good benefits and the hours are great. Much room for growth if you want to stay in the banking industry","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Tallmadge, OH","August 20, 2015","3.0"
"great place","variety of customer requests and transactions, including, but not limited to: check cashing and deposits, loan payments, product explanations and being able to identify opportunities to refer to the sales partners within the branch.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 20, 2015","5.0"
"Manager","60-70 hour work weeks, very inconsistent. Very misleading and management is very secretive. Although it is stressed that you are in an open and honest work environment it constantly feels like someone is out to get you and stab you in the back.","Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Michigan","August 20, 2015","2.0"
"Shady business dealings","Bad from the first day as far as compensation and management but the people there were very decent. Never again would i consider spending another day within those walls.","Outbound Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 20, 2015","2.0"
"Great employee recognition","Good employer to gain valuable experience. Good employee recognition and reward/award program. Would recommend for anyone fresh out of college.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 20, 2015","3.0"
"Great job tools, convenient to home, great benefits & advancement opportunities","High stress job, lots of hours, excellent pay, great co-workers, great work place conditions. Good management, can use improvement.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","August 20, 2015","4.0"
"Great place to work","This is a great place to work. There is room for advancement and management is helpful. They also include you in decisions made. I would recommend.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","5.0"
"Great place to work","There is room for advancement. I would recommend this to others in gaining experience during their career. This is a good place to work","Product Client Service Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2015","5.0"
"fun place to work","Adhere to all reconciliation and balancing procedures and consulting with customers on bank products and services Routine transactions include balancing accounts, scanning checks, making deposits and withdrawals, receive and verify loan and mortgage payments, selling and redeeming savings bonds, and auditing the branch Handle a variety of financial services as well as accounting systems","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 19, 2015","3.0"
"Great company to work for","Overall the company had a lot of positives to offer. Great benefits, positive work environment, decent management, and efffective training programs.","OFAC Document Review Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 19, 2015","4.0"
"Great company that treats employees very well"," this bank offers a lot of great job opportunities in the banking industry. They are a great company to work for that provide numerous positions that offer fair hours which helps with work/life balance.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Hershey, PA","August 19, 2015","4.0"
"II enloyed meeting with companies and decision makers in Frederick.","I really enjoyed working at this bank, I was promoted very quickly from a teller to a personal banker within six months. As a personal banker, I was given the opportunity to work with businesses and decision makers to provide benefits and discounts to their employees. I eventually moved to business banking, after 18 months and I always felt that this bank invested in it's training for their employees and we were able to deliver the best service to our clients.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","August 19, 2015","3.0"
"Amazing Company to work for"," this bank is a great fortune 500 company to work for, especially if your looking for a place where you can grow. This company really does care about its employees.","Multi Channel Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 18, 2015","5.0"
