"Great is you're a Banker...if not, not so great","Great Bank and great organization if you're a banker. Otherwise not a great place to work - lack of resources and leadership for peripheral businesses","Managing Director","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 21, 2019","3.0"
"Classic banking job"," this bank puts a lot of emphasis on work/life balance and several departments allow flexible work schedules. Benefits are competitive, but annual raises are nominal. Typical day at work includes lots of meetings with MIS, different areas of your department, and meetings with internal risk partners.","Treasury Management","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 21, 2019","4.0"
"Great company but lots of talk about other employees from superiors","Great to Work for this bank. Just wish that mistakes weren't discussed among employees and instead should be addressed and employee even coached on for better understanding.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 20, 2019","5.0"
"Horrible place to work","I had to take some sick time off but because my branch manager loved to run his mouth and tell everyone business my leave was denied.. had to argue for days to get my final pay. Employee relations was rude and took the side of the branch manager. Not professional environment I would not recommend this job to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","July 19, 2019","1.0"
"intern","Overall, this bank had a great work culture. My boss was amazing, and very understanding, and willing to help me. I always felt included, but not challenged enough.","Business Banking Summer Analyst","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","July 19, 2019","4.0"
"Good career company","Great company, very good benefits. Well managed and willing to work with employees around schedule conflicts. Challenging and professional environment but high stress for certain job functions. Moving up the management scale is like most places now days, it's not what you know, but who you know. I was promoted several times but eventually, I hit a wall. That's when my 19 years of service ended.","will not disclose","Former Employee","will not disclose","July 17, 2019","4.0"
"Good job","I enjoy my work from home position with this bank Mortgage. They have fair wages and paid time off as well as the typical bank holidays off which is always nice.","Loan Closing Associate - Funder","Current Employee","Work from Home","July 17, 2019","5.0"
"Competitive, Very Client Centric Enviornment","Flexibility to work from home depending on your role. Encouraged and supported to continue your education, obtain licenses and credentials. Very team oriented.","Vice President Retirement Services","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","July 17, 2019","4.0"
"Nice Place to work"," this bank was a nice place to work. clean quiet environment and opportunity to work from home. Have to give it one star for job security because I was laid off due to cutbacks.","Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Akron, OH","July 17, 2019","3.0"
"very serious and quiet atmosphere","you handle a lot of money and deal with a lot of customers face to face as well as help introduce new accounts to the client as well as handle all of their banking needs while keeping a good attitude.","Drive thru","Former Employee","Pickerington, OH","July 17, 2019","4.0"
"Lots of goals to meet, a numbers game","More important to hurry your call vs good customer service and time to connect. Hard time understanding some customers due to accent. One person tells u a rule a d the next says it's wrong.","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 16, 2019","3.0"
"I enjoyed working with the team i was on.","I enjoyed working for this company. I had to move out of state for family reasons and they were generous enough to move my employment to remote status. I was so very grateful tat they allowed me to work from home.","Loan Closing Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 15, 2019","3.0"
"Cashed checks and loans","Would start, make sure no one was in bank when opened. Then had to do presentations on credit cards, and if bosses didn't like it would have to do it again then next day, till the were satisfied","BSSR","Former Employee","McKees Rocks, PA","July 15, 2019","2.0"
"This was a good lace to work.","The company placed too much work on the mortgage loan officer to handle the majority of the loan processing responsibilities while at the same time not compensating the loan officer fairly for the work performed.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Doylestown, PA 18901","July 15, 2019","3.0"
"Branch Sales and Service Represntative","Hired as a BSSR but the bank was under-staffed and I was made into a teller. Call center began routing phone calls to local branches so the phone rang off the hook constantly. Very challenging trying to provide qualtiy customer service under these conditions. Most days we did not get a lunch break. In my opinion upper management slashed headcount in branch banking too much.","Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Moon Township, PA","July 15, 2019","2.0"
"Terrible"," this bank starts off great, leaves you with high hopes for your future. You do pretty intense training but it is basically just how to use the extremely out of date software. After training, you are expected to know the ins and out of banking. No real training on the things you deal with day to day. Schedule changes daily and although you are told you have to work 1 Saturday a month, you end up working 3 if not 4. Upper management and HR is useless.","Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Yardley, PA","July 14, 2019","2.0"
"A place to build experience","What I have learned about this bank is that the executives and upper management are highly guaranteed raises and advancement. While the lower management within the company gives praises for the employees work it is hard to move up if you are not a favorite. On the positive it is easy to build relationships with common coworkers. The most enjoyable part of the job were the coworkers.","OPERATIONS ANALYST II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 13, 2019","3.0"
"Not a friendly place to work"," this bank needs to get Managers that truly care about their job and not collecting a paycheck. Every branch is different. It is not the way they say it is. Random checks on branches to see if the culture of the company is the same across the board is need.","Teller Supervisor II","Former Employee","8 mile and Farmington","July 10, 2019","3.0"
"Poor management, potentially good company","In my personal experience I advise anyone who has an interest in working for this company to do your best to find a job downtown. The branch managers are incompetent and will fire anyone or throw you under the bus if it saves themselves. While I've heard nothing but great things in other departments, working in a branch, specifically with an unprofessional, uneducated manager where I worked will only cause loathing of the company.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 10, 2019","2.0"
"Great work/ life balance","Great program and benefits to employees, however pay isn't competitive to other financial institutions.Management is great in helping their employees get better acquainted with their duties.","Teller","Former Employee","Brooklyn, OH","July 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work!"," this bank is great if you have the right team and management. They have a great work life balance plan and benefits are pretty amazing! this bank listens to their employees and although it takes to see the change, in time change for the right happens.","Administrative Assistant I","Former Employee","Plantation, FL","July 10, 2019","5.0"
"Loved this bank","I loved the work environment at this bank. Very accommodating to college students. I would recommend when going to the interview to be yourself so they can see your uniqueness.","Reimbursement Specialist","Former Employee","1 financial parkway building B","July 10, 2019","4.0"
"More about making money than customer service","Training did not prepare you for day to day issues. Not prepare to open appropriate accounts for individuals. Selling pressure was a lot especially when it came to credit cards.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Buckingham, PA","July 9, 2019","3.0"
"I enjoyed going to work.","Enjoyed working there. Training was not as relevant as It should have been. Some of the parts of everyday Customer and sales activity such as appointment manager and insights systems was provided too late. They should have been taught much earlier in the process in order to complement the total BSSR sales objective earlier.","NLMS","Former Employee","Township of Brick, NJ","July 8, 2019","4.0"
"Great company","Great Company. Large focus on employee growth and development. Competitive Salary and work life balance. Customer service focus is also a great value that this bank stresses.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","LaGrange, GA","July 8, 2019","5.0"
"Solid Company","Solid company, provides good suite of products for the clients. Trouble with keeping bankers engaged and had a high turnover rate for both bankers and managers.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Menomonee Falls, WI","July 8, 2019","4.0"
"Branch was not friendly","Great training off site. Poor training and interaction at the branch. Extremely difficult co-workers. Job expectations required were not compensated for","Teller","Former Employee","Thurmont, MD","July 8, 2019","2.0"
"Outdated Penny-Pinchers","If the large banks were family members, this bank would be the crusty, mean grandfather, that never wants things to change. this bank lives in the past. The pay is far below average and health benefits are HDHP only. this bank's technology is horrible and usually doesn't work, even the customer facing technology. Shareholders love this bank, because this bank never spends money. That means no training opportunities, travel, or perks. If you are used to a company that invests in its employees, you will be very disappointed with this bank.","Cyber","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 6, 2019","2.0"
"Good Place to Work","In general its a great place to work. Good amout of vacation days and pretty good benefits. Great hours in retail banking. One of the best companies I have worked with.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 6, 2019","4.0"
"Overall the company is not bad; beware of bad management"," this bank overall is not a bad place to work (depending on your location and the turnover rate.) They have employee awards and events to attend. Volunteer hours that you get back as paid time off. They don't like overtime so you're more likely to leave on time and not have to worry about work after leaving. I went without a branch manager for well over half a year, picked up the slack, took care of things that I could. I wanted a position that involved operations and being a banker because I was doing the work without the compensation. I was denied. I then left the company and they put up an open position for operations and banker (the position I wanted) because they realized it was better to have a single banker do the excess rather than having the manager do everything and 4 bankers try to resolve audits, filing, etc. Highly disappointing.","Senior Private Banker","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","July 6, 2019","4.0"
"Been good so far","No complaints. Typical bank environment. Stingy at times, but taking steps to do all the right things. Good pay and decent benefits. Great location in Center City","Planning Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 5, 2019","4.0"
"Productive , Fun Place","Enjoyed my time at this bank. Managers and co-workers were great. The could be stressful at times due to deadlines. Overtime available. I did not have computer experience so I did a varieth of jobs, which I loved","Clerk11","Former Employee","Woburn, MA","July 5, 2019","5.0"
"Lack of Diversity, Clarity and Poor Leadership","As a black millennial male my voice was unheard, i was drowned in the conspiracy of the angry black man case. Diversity is not present or groomed. I had no support. Team members reported me for supervising and i was reprimanded by my assistant manager and DM without my story ever being considered. I was given a warning after my white male assistant manager reported that i scared him. In the days we we live this is no culture for a young black man. You are out numbered, your team can disrespect you and your cry will go on ignored, but if your cross one of them you will be punished and labled","Teller","Former Employee","Florida","July 4, 2019","1.0"
"positive","I served as a customer care professional assisting customer with their checking, savings and online banking assistance. Responsible for providing excellent customer services and maintaining and resolving customer's issues","Customer Care Professional","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","July 4, 2019","1.0"
"Good Entry","Hard to make determination on this bank as a whole, however at the corporate center I was at there seems to be little to no structure and very limited advancement. Good place to get your foot in the door in the financial field, but cannot see a career.","Senior Underwriter","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","July 2, 2019","3.0"
"n/a","it was so long ago i don't really remember much positive about it. the only negative i remember is the growth from within was close to impossible. and they laid off a lot","Treasury Management Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 2, 2019","3.0"
"Great Company","Just started working as a part time teller, and I can't wait to start full time with a different position hopefully on the back end. Really good experience on the front end though.","PT TELLER","Current Employee","Rockford, IL","July 1, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank has been a great place to work. They offer education reimbursement, pensions, even paternity leave outside of the normal benefits most places offer. They are willing to work with you to get you into better positions, and you can always try and advance your knowledge of the company. There are remote positions, and partially remote positions. I myself work from home 2 days a week, and I have 4 weeks of vacation time, swing holidays, and sick time. The only problems I have ever had with the company is the pay is generally on the low end of the scale compared to some competitors, but I have found the pension and other benefits make up for this. The organization is constantly changing as they expand into the West, so some positions change, butnif you are a hard worker, they will be sure you are moved to where you need to be in the company during these changes.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 1, 2019","5.0"
"Old school work environment","I was brought into the company and was provided only a week of training before i was thrown in. However i excelled I my role but was dealing with domestic violence at home in which after my 90 days my manager offered no type of leave after a hospital visit and terminated me. I have yet to receive a call to why etc or any explanation on filing a leave. I feel that although i held my end up on performance that didn't matter due to my at home life. I was thrown to the wolves and they fired me after i was a permanent employee.","Lock box processor","Former Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","June 30, 2019","2.0"
"good place to grow","good place to grow in your career and network and meet others. lots of character development workshops. also get to work on your finances and learn what works for you.","Senior Database Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2019","4.0"
"Bring your own book of business","Very little ramp up period; not a lot of foot traffic so hard to get new prospects; integrity is an issue with management; focus is on revenue so extensively that customers best interest can be ignored (totally numbers driven); lot of turnover in financial services","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","GA","June 29, 2019","2.0"
"Quick paced work but I like this field so I enjoy it","My first 5 -7 years excellent after that the department changed contracts and it was down hill from there. Manager and employees on the this bank side where great I had to balance the contact company who were laborers who didn't care like I and the this bank did"," this bank arena","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","June 29, 2019","3.0"
"Fun at first but ended badly","Good hours, learned about auditing, management was quite good, some tense times with one person, dealing with person daily was hard, people were nice.","Auto Reconciler","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 27, 2019","4.0"
"Different than what I was use to","Great office environment, direct supervisor very responsive but hands were tied by upper management. The constant changing of P&P created a lot of turmoil between the Analysts and QA, which caused production issues.","Investigation Analyst","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 27, 2019","3.0"
"Great Company with a Good Philosophy for Business","Their theory of business culture was great, however, the requirements per person were not reasonable for the time a lotted to complete, and compensation did not support the job requirements & the amount of time needed to do what was required.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Bel Air, MD","June 26, 2019","4.0"
"High turnover rate","There was a very high turnover and they started to fall into the Wells Fargo business way. I was a floating teller, the pay was bad but the mileage check made up for it. After being there a year, I noticed they were focusing more on sales than the actual customer.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Norfolk, VA 23505","June 26, 2019","3.0"
"Heavy on sales above all else","Work is challenging with customers who do not want to be sold to, and yet we are required to sell to them. Will lose job if we don't get required sales and performance numbers. My main issue with this is that we say we focus on customer service, but really we focus on selling to the customer whether that is in their best interest or desire, or not. Also felt misled because interview seriously downplayed how huge sales would be, so I felt upset when I started and saw the actual requirements as opposed to what was discussed in interview.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","June 26, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is a great place to work","- this bank was the first job where i felt appreciated. -my manager was always pending to every single one of us. -great benefits. -good enviroment. -nice place to work.","Full Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","5460 South Central Blvd, Jupiter, Fl 33458","June 26, 2019","5.0"
"Introduction to the banking world.","Working at busy location gave me an undestanding for fast paced situations. I was given a lot of responsibilites that helped me understand how to multi task. Having multiple situations being ran at the same time gave me the ability to priotize my duties. Also having the ability to help the hispanic community understand the benefits of the banking world that they didn't know about.","TRANSLATOR","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","June 25, 2019","5.0"
"They do not pay enough. Way lower than other banks","Cheap company that wants to save every penny. Raises are almost none while the CEO takes home millions. I had a great manager. The company also needs more diversity in Senior Management positions.","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 24, 2019","2.0"
"Decent Benefits Not great Hourly","Decent benefits. hourly pay not great. ability to move up not great. tons of turnover . only hire external management candidates. very old systems. tons of training","Branch Sales and Services Representative","Current Employee","Ormond Beach, FL","June 24, 2019","3.0"
"Managing Priority","The environment is a work in progress. People are aware but not concerned as long as their dashboard is clear. Meet people in different lines of business especially those you may have to work with and get an example of projects that went wrong and how they were handled. Also, job security...","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","June 24, 2019","2.0"
"I valued my time at this bank and will use what I learned for many years to come","I enjoyed my time at this bank. The training was exceptional and I felt like part of the team from day one. My time there was valued and I will take what I learned to my next opportunity.","Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 24, 2019","4.0"
"Great starter job"," this bank was my first real job. My manager took a shot with me. The company is very sales oriented and focused on the incentive plan verses the actual salary. They provide great training to their employees , but managers it's kind of figure it out as you go.","BRANCH MANAGER MLO","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","June 23, 2019","4.0"
"CoWorkers are great.","For the most part, the management team is horrible. No other words to describe. When you have the opportunity to have a good manager typically they are beat down and tired.","Business Sales and Services Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 23, 2019","1.0"
"A sressful workplace for most associates","Perfect for those who could thrive on stress. Though my position was not a stressful one, too many employees from managers to tellers felt they could be terminated due to excessive unrealistic goals required to be met.","Credit Administrator II","Former Employee","Fruitland, MD","June 22, 2019","3.0"
"Family oriented","Being a single mom, this was the best company i had ever worked for. They try to work around childcare, family needs. They will work movingwith you because for them family comes first. I absolutely loved my job and was sad to leave but i was moving.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 22, 2019","5.0"
"Management is a gamble and it decides your happiness"," this bank has amazing benefits. Coworkers are awesome. incentive is sometimes hard to achieve depending on your location. So that means bonuses aren't as common as they let you believe in your interview. How you thrive really depends on how your manager trains you. Wage is really good though. Training program is great, long, and full of information. So if you like a challenge work here!","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","June 21, 2019","4.0"
"The Bank as a whole need some changes","The company's technology and policies needs a upgrade. Most banks have gone paperless and have mobile keypads. Management didn't cared about the well being of Tellers or Bankers. Management primary focus were the store's profit proxy. I have worked so much overtime voluntarily. I believed my contribution was helping the company. Instead of a thank you I got disciplined for it. My former manager had a nasty attitude. She was all about Drama, she delayed the Business hours because she was having an argument with her ex-husband","Teller","Former Employee","(Germantown) Philadelphia, PA","June 21, 2019","2.0"
"Productive positive work place","This company is committed to work life balance and customer excellence. I have grown and really flourished professionally during my time here and appreciate the stability of the job.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 21, 2019","4.0"
"Great servies for customers but micro manage the heck out of employees","Great services but employees micromanaged to point of exhaustion. Lack of leadership in Georgia market makes it hard for employees to care. Good benefits, however","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Alpharetta, GA","June 20, 2019","2.0"
"Nice place to wotk","I love working in passaic branch this bank, I was a teller peak time. My manager was great. Rhe hardest part was explaining customers the need ID to cash a check.","Head of the sample department","Former Employee","Passaic","June 19, 2019","5.0"
"Lack of Management","In the beginning, as always, everything seemed to be okay. My manager was OK but was not the best. Pretty much let us do whatever we want. Since there was a lack of staff, you find yourself doing everyone job. My manager was let go and this bank had us with no manager for 6 months. IT'S NOT OKAY! This caused us to go through many inconveniences and even jeopardize our career in banking. I had to quit because the regional manager had everything controlled and didn't care about the well being of the employees. She only cared about her numbers. Of course every region is different but keep this in mind when applying.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Union, NJ","June 19, 2019","1.0"
"CORE Values"," this bank provides excellent core values with an emphasis on integrity, respect, teamwork, diversity, performance and customer focus. Management is fair and provides tools to move employees forward.","Executive Assistant","Current Employee","Youngstown, OH","June 19, 2019","5.0"
"Productive and fun workplace","Productive and fun workplace, when I was at this bank till 2011, this bank was really good place to work and this bank makes you feel you are part of the company. I really missed this bank when I left the company.","Systems Integrator I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 19, 2019","5.0"
" this bank makes it difficult to develop outside business","Restrictive underwriting and poor processing combined with a anti sales culture make it very difficult to develop consistent outside business. They have lost key management as they have take away incentive from sales staff","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Mercer County, NJ","June 19, 2019","3.0"
"Rewarding Career"," this bank is an organization that cares about its employees. They support career growth, provide you with multiple tools to expand your knowledge, they offer incredible benefits and they work with you so you can find the work/life balance that works for you.","Operations Analyst Sr","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 18, 2019","5.0"
"gave me a good knowledge about the financial consultation","Learned a lot from the Company. Giving financial consultation to custom, opening new account, credit cards and all type of loans. The most enjoyable part of this job is helping customer with their financial needs with the best fit for them","Branch Sales and service Associate","Current Employee","Ashburn, VA","June 17, 2019","5.0"
"Great 9 to 5","If you are looking for a job that is very specific in time then this bank is a great 9 to 5p with possibly extra hours on Sat. if needed. Never a full day always 9a to 2p.","Teller","Former Employee","Swissvale, PA","June 17, 2019","4.0"
"Higher Learning","Some of the managers at this bank encourage continuing education. Satisfying the customer is always number one. Working with an eclectic group of co-workers is exciting. Diversity training is one of the best I have seen corporately.","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","June 17, 2019","4.0"
"Demanding deadlines","When I was employed at this bank I was not happy with the amount of pushiness that upper management was giving. They wanted me to offer every person a credit card, even if they had previously declined within a week.","Teller","Former Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","June 17, 2019","3.0"
"An almost great experience","I loved this company. I was looking forward to relocating and retiring with this organization. Although they claim not to hard sell to customers like Wells Fargo, that was not the case. When you achieved your goals, you were rewarded. I would still be there if I was not a scapegoat for the unethical behavior of my co-workers.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","New Hope, PA","June 15, 2019","5.0"
"Training","Proactivly adjusting their training on feedback but with constant changes, part timers can see lack of information at times. Training is full time hours but then after training its an immediate 20-30 hours a week with little option to get second PT job, best for college students and those needing another job but not for those who need full time quicker than 8 weeks.","CUSTOMER CALL CENTER CONSULTANT","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 13, 2019","4.0"
"Aggressive and goal-oriented","I am not able to write a very thorough or detailed review due to my tenure at the company being so short. That was due to the fact that the project that we were to work on got pulled and a minimum of 18 month delay being put on it due to the subject matter experts being pulled into another, similar project so one had to take a back seat.","Senior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 13, 2019","4.0"
"Nice place, great people","The hardest part of the job is feel like they don't understand the priority's, between family and job. I learned a bunch about money, credit, mortgages, the process of borrow and more. I enjoy a lot the people and by able to help the Hispanic people because I am bilingual.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Wilkes-Barre, PA","June 13, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","Overall I thought that this bank was a good place to work. The people there are wonderful and friendly. The department that I work in had very helpful people.","Document Scanning Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","June 13, 2019","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank has a great workplace culture and the management is at best, standard. Has great cross training opportunities for Universal Banking positions but does lack on keeping current employees interested and engage because of turnover.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","June 12, 2019","3.0"
"It was ok","It was a entry level job, nothing special about it. The stress level was big But it was ok. they have changed from the pass. I think they are better now","Teller","Former Employee","Boynton Beach, FL","June 12, 2019","4.0"
"High pressure to reach sales goals","This company is driven only by meeting sales goals and expects you to hit unrealistic goals. Your job performance is sometimes skewed because of third parties in the company not doing their jobs in a timely manner.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Wooster, OH","June 11, 2019","3.0"
"Great company to work for!","I loved working at this bank, from working at other banks the entire experience is much more rewarding. District managers actually know your name, instead of just being another face. They promote within a lot, which gives more drive for employees to become better and strive for their true niche.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Wauwatosa, WI","June 11, 2019","5.0"
"Productive work place"," this bank is by far a wonderful work environment. Hours are normally 9 to 6 and their company values are wonderful. I love the fast pace and customer interactions that happen on a daily basis. Truly a wonderful environment.","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","June 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great benefits for new parents"," this bank has 6 weeks paid parental leave for all new parents. Health insurance is about average to what is out there, 401k match and a pension are nice, but overall salary is lacking competitiveness for similar jobs. Environment is very sales driven and you will be held accountable for not producing sales.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Archdale, NC","June 10, 2019","4.0"
"great culture","great culture needs better pay compensation but a great place to start. Company culture definitely makes it one of the best places to work and the type of focus they have on the future of banking ensures it will be a bank for the future.","Senior Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","June 10, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Review"," this bank is a great company to work for. I worked for this bank for 5 years, and would like to return the atmosphere is wonderful and the co workers are great to work with.","Senior Associate Compliance","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2019","4.0"
"Its all about the numbers and i liked my job","Don't get the flu are lose your voice because you could only get 6 days out that our Calendar year or you need to go on short term disability. We have a schedule inherence to go by so no bathroom breaks if you're not schedule to have a break. If you miss your break or lunch at hurts your schedule adherence and your scores go down. My break times on lunch was different everyday it was even out a point that My schudule start times was different every day to for months. You get in trouble you don't know why you got in trouble days later or months later. There was so many Tech issues thats not coded off a responsible for having Tech issues. I learned more by being on the phones and teach myself than I did from the training. a lot of information i was told to was wrong he had to figure out alone. Customer are at you because of fees, phone supervisors don't want you to ask for help. Other departments don't want to take designated call and your tl will ignore you if your numbers aren't high. The people who listen to calls go through them to find the smallest mistake. Choose this job if u want to be stress out.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 9, 2019","2.0"
"No management support. Short staff, and unsafe","The this bank name is well know, yet the way businesses is handled doesn't go hand by hand. Additionally, the safety was a risky issue since to access the bolt was not protected","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Garner, NC","June 8, 2019","4.0"
"I loved working here!","Such a good place to work! Opportunity for advancement. Managers want you to succeed. Training is amazing! I definitely recommend working here. I had to leave due to health issues and they don't offer part time","Universal Banker I","Former Employee","O'Fallon, MO","June 7, 2019","4.0"
"stressful job","call center for a bank - stressful. you can get near perfect scores but they will find a way to pick at you. you are told there is no script -- then are told you aren't saying the words they want to hear.","Core Service Consultant II","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 7, 2019","3.0"
"Varies on office","Program was not very well organized and had a hard time retaining any talent whatsoever. Pay is below average, slow pace of work in office I was in. Hours are not bad at all.","ACCEL Development Program Associate","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","June 6, 2019","3.0"
"Fun workplace"," this bank is a well-balanced company. Things to consider are as follows: a very diverse company. Very good benefits, competitive salary and up-to-date technology.","Software Engineer","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 6, 2019","4.0"
"HIt or Miss","I have been very successful here. Avoid working with Pam in The Montgomery county Area. They point out more of negative impact than Recognizing success. There are a lot of positive people willing to help you.","Small Business Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Montgomery County, MD","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"going no where","poor place to work no compassion for the employees. enough said. the management was more interested in the numbers than the employees or even the customers...","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","June 5, 2019","1.0"
"A work culture that empowers you as the success driver, celebrates diversity, promotes volunteerism, and encourages engagement","They have created a culture that empowers you to seek out training. As well as position yourself for career advancement with well defined career path guides.","Business Analyst - IT","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 5, 2019","4.0"
"Love","Love it at this bank. Pay is very competitive. Very good company to work for. Very customer focused and truly cares about the customers and also employees. Very good about promotion within!","Teller Lead","Current Employee","New Philadelphia, OH","June 5, 2019","5.0"
"Ousted to get someone else in","Don't see why after so many years working there, they hired a person (BOA) who was not fit for the job. The only thing she wanted to do was clean up house so that she can bring in others. Was not even out the door, when she already posted my position, weeks ago.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lake Worth, FL","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"It will do","My manger is great! Some are not so much. Promotions are pretty much prepicked for any advancement opening and the salary could be higher. Things should be more fair across the board.","Late Stage Support Spec Sr","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"It was alright work place","Consistently late and can not keep personal life out of business. Manager wasn't around.a lot of gossiping. i did learn how to cash all types of checks. The hardest was learning how to cash bonds.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","June 5, 2019","3.0"
"Branch Management","/As a leader of one of the larger City locations my daily responsibilities consist of leading my Team in sales results, cash management, proficiency in operations, coaching and developing & Human Resources.I enjoy my Team and partners immensely and the hardest part of my job is when disciplinary action comes to play","AVP Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore City, MD","June 5, 2019","4.0"
"Think twice before you go to this bank","Let me start by saying... I was not fired and I do not have an axe to grind with this bank. I spent a few years there and it was one of the most highly disorganized places to work with unrealistic goals. They will promise you the world but never deliver on their end of the bargain. When I was there the turnover was the worst I have ever seen. They could not keep anyone staffed. they moved new leadership down from Pittsburgh to change the direction of the bank. The senior leadership team could careless about the employees. They only care about hitting goals at ANY cost.The entire state of NC is ran by people who treat the employees like livestock. They use you and dispose of you when you no longer hit the unrealistic goals. They will write you up and fire you at the drop of a hat. this bank has almost no market share in NC but they will expect you to produce the same numbers as your counterparts in Pittsburgh. Makes little to no sense. Everyone that is in a sales role there is miserable and constantly looking for a way out. I am happily employed at a smaller community bank and could not be happier. Please think twice before you do the mega bank route. You will live to regret it.","Business Banker","Former Employee","Raleigh-Durham, NC","June 4, 2019","1.0"
"My branch was good the rest was bad","Micromanagement badly, my manager was so stress out that she couldn't do her job so she was in so many phone calls that she need to delegate, we have so unnecessary dally phone calls, working there is the worst and the regional manager in Florida the worst. Training is a joke and you do something good nothing happened but if you do something bad or not reach your goals the whole world knows about it!!! Trust take my advice so not work there. To me worst place to work.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Naples, FL","June 4, 2019","1.0"
"Great leadership and empowerment of employees inspire achievemet","Clear focus and commitment on employee development to prepare for next level opportunity and contribution. Numerous strategies in place to provide a world class customer service and sales experience.","Bus Bkg Care Center Sales and Service Group Leader","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 3, 2019","4.0"
"Good, stable company with a strong focus on work - life balance.","Good place to work; very focused on community involvement and offers many ways for employees to engage in area functions. Internal education for professional development as well as encouraging healthy living programs.","Business Analyst I, Non-tech","Current Employee","NA","June 3, 2019","4.0"
"They basically treat you like children...","It was mostly my trainer/facilitator that turned me off after I accepted my new position. First off, I was expecting the typical call center environment, but I was not expecting the whole brainwash theatrics regarding how rewarding it is to work for $15.00 an hour (which is still considered poverty level) and how much this bank and its CEO want you to succeed and move up within their company. Of course, working for someone else will always keep them at the top, and you as a replaceble employee, so please spare me. Anyways, my facilitator talked about how micromanaging is what they do not do - that was a lie. She literally admitted to moving/zooming our cameras around during virtual training in order to see if we were on our phones and/or doing other things. One day, my system froze, and I could not click my camera back on when we returned from break, so I told her (via phone) that I was here but may have to restart my computer due to it being frozen. She responds passive aggressively by stating 'we returned from break a few minutes ago but thanks for telling me'. Ma'am, we returned from break at 9:48AM. It is now 9:50AM. I tried to get the computer to work for 2 minutes before saying anything; sorry if that was too long. They basically treat you like children by constantly threatening to report those two minute 'tardies' to the Line of Business. Who really cares? The only thing I am glad about is that I did not accept a full time offer. That way, I do not spend all day working a position I am unhappy with. Use this job until you find something better (or finish school - more...","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","June 3, 2019","1.0"
"Not worth it.","Company offers a good pay grade for what seems like an easy job. Literally just getting yelled at all day about things that policy won't let you fix for them. Stuck in one position for a year before you can move to a different area. Managers never want to help with anything.","CREDIT CARD CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 2, 2019","2.0"
"fast paced enviornment","Benefits are great Management is professional, coworkers are friendly some days are very busy and some days slow during downtime we can get extra training.","Card Loss Prevention","Current Employee","North Carolina","May 31, 2019","5.0"
"It was a very supporting fun place to work"," this bank was a great place to do my internship, I was able to learn a lot and was given a great amount of support to do my daily job.The training program was great! as it was long and extensive on auditing.","Field Exam Intern","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 31, 2019","5.0"
"Conservative Bank"," this bank is a large, conservative bank. Credit/risk runs the show. It is a well run and well managed bank. Corporate culture was toxic at times with new managers coming in to our business unit. Didn't make for a productive environment. That said, lots of quality employees.","Vice President","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 31, 2019","4.0"
"Branch Employee","Working at the branch was an easy if somewhat boring day to day job. There was never quite enough work to keep you busy all times of the day and the opportunities for advancement were difficult with most branches having a veteran staff who were content with their placement unless you wanted to move to a branch with over an hour commute time.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Former Employee","Brownstown, MI","May 30, 2019","4.0"
"n/a","same if your boss has an issue with you you don't get paid senior and to get bonus you depend on the customers if they like you or not and if they are in a good mood","Bilingual Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2019","3.0"
"Good place to work, very corporate.","Definition corporate banking job. Its great money for lower positions such as tellers (full benefits for full time and partial benefits for part time). Cool people just very structured.","Client Solutions Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2019","5.0"
"Working for this bank","Overall is good, the only thing that I don't like is the salary. Salary is too poor for the amount of responsibility you have to deal with. Then advancement is possible but they don't offer you much money to advance you."," this bank","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA","May 29, 2019","4.0"
"Management HARASSES you to sell","Most stressful job I have ever had. At the end I was having panic attacks every morning before walking in to start my shift. I felt harassed by Management to meet quotas. I do not have a problem referring and selling. The majority of our clients were Elderly and on a fixed income. I could not sell lines of credit to them, that they could not afford. I couldn't sell home equity lines of credit to people who were renting, mostly in a fixed income complex. The pay is a SLAP IN THE FACE! I made a little over $9 at the end.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 29, 2019","1.0"
"Work environment has changed","Flexible work time was removed last year, now the best employees are leaving. It's a shame, it used to be a pretty good place to work, and it wasn't a big deal that it paid less.","General staff","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","May 28, 2019","2.0"
"Wouldn't recommend unless desperate","Besides the other employees at the branch where I worked and my manager it was very stressful. The support was the worst, I've worked in previous banks and when needing to contact support were always reliable. Then comes this bank and all they do is email you a link and be like there you go. Defeats the purpose of calling and requesting support. This place has the worst training, it's broken off in monthly or bimonthly training sessions. So while you're already working at the branch taking care of some customers with other it's like I can't help you with that despite working here for more than 3 months I haven't done my training to use the software to open an account, or be able to submit an application for another 2 months once you do training on loans.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Georgia","May 28, 2019","2.0"
"Big bank culture, without the perks","Immediate work group is great and very supportive but there are a lot of managers and you are constantly being pulled in many different directions. The work life balance is great and the pay is average.","Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","May 27, 2019","4.0"
"Good company to work for. Good opportunities to learn & advance","Best WorkPlace For Women & Diverse Managers, Diversity MBA Magazine. -100 Best Companies for Working Mothers, Working Mother Magazine. -Top 100 Sustainable Companies in the World, Corporate Knights. -Top 20 Most Generous Fortune 500 Companies","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 25, 2019","5.0"
"Ok place to work was a basic job people come and go and some stay","Ok job but has very high turn over rate and they lack in training you adequately and will terminate the role you are hired for and give a new role without proper notice","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 24, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to work","Loved working part time - great customers and staff. They care about your career and give you lots of opportunities for advancement. Only wish they had branches in Nashville","RETAIL BANKING OPERATIONS","Former Employee","North Canton, OH","May 24, 2019","4.0"
"Not ver productive","The job was very insecure and a lot of sales pressures. The local management was very uncooperative. To get advise from the management was always discouraged and shrugged off saying ' take responsibility'. Specially for new employee, the help and professional assistance from the local management was none. Too much responsibility with too little training and assistance. The division of responsibility was not fair and evenly shared.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","May 24, 2019","1.0"
"Branch Management","Responsible for all aspects of branch production and personnel. Extensive overtime with poor support from higher management. Great place to meet and get to know the community but continuously met and competed with other managers in same region for customers and business.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Whippany, NJ","May 23, 2019","1.0"
"Its what you make of it","All of the tools are there for advancement and growth you just have to go get it they will give you enough rope to hang your self but the opportunity is there","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Virtual","May 23, 2019","5.0"
"Upper Management is terrible","I was sexually harassed and cursed out by customers when I brought it to their attention I was told 'just don't wait on those clients.' I worked hard coming in when the street were paved with ice. The new Regional manger was terrible,she would look me up and down. She clearly didn't care for me.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","May 23, 2019","1.0"
"Good Company to Work for overall","Enjoyed my time working for the company. Overall good management time and ample on the job training. I only left the company for a better opportunity. It was an opportunity for more growth and ability to make more money."," this bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","May 23, 2019","4.0"
"Accounting and Finance Professionals Beware"," this bank is the place for you if you value highly charged political environments, 1% to 2% raises, stagnant career development and advancement, poor management, red tape, and outdated systems. Definitely apply for a role in one of the businesses if nightmarish forecasting and budgeting processes presided over by micro-managers is your thing, People who are not able to do more with less while warding off armies of risk and internal audit professionals need not apply.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2019","2.0"
"Great company to work for!!","In regards to my position and the company as a whole. It has been a relatively positive experience. I have enjoyed my time with the company so far. With a few ups and downs with management cant complain.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","May 23, 2019","5.0"
"Opportunity to work from home","Honestly this was a Good experience, I worked from home and was able to help thousands of people. This added to life perspectives. Unfortunately team leads and management will not actually be there for you. They will give you advice but not solid advice, if you do make a mistake. It will take them a very long time to help you and you could possibly get fired for simple mistakes. Training is very vague..... you will learn everything you need to know once this bank throws you into the game.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","May 23, 2019","4.0"
"great opportunities","great opportunities follow you. the system is made in a way to appreciate and recognize every move . there is a fare amount of trainings for different topics that could help in getting better results.","Service Associate","Current Employee","South Palm Beach, FL","May 22, 2019","4.0"
"Benefits"," this bank offers a top level benefit program and provides PM's the opportunity to work from home 2-days per week. Working at home provides the opportunity to reduce stress from being in the office.","Program Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2019","3.0"
"compensation was very unfair","with a position as such and the demand to service the branches a guaranteed salary needs to be given. the new system for LOS was not user friendly and the training was minimal.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","DuBois, PA 15801","May 22, 2019","1.0"
"Last resort of Banks to work for","Employed 3 years, wasn't trying to make career of it. pay was ok at first . Based on your yearly performance you may get a raise here and there but they are the lowest paying banks. It's all about politics with this company. at least the Baltimore region that is. you won't advance unless you sucker up to the big wigs and Exceed sale goals. They definitely are all about the numbers. forget the effort . Overall the managers suck. Yes they are under a lot of pressure but majority of them aren't qualified. Managers don't know how to be respectful or simple duties of the job but are hired but then leave or fired not to long after. The benefits are ok, not for if you have a big family. They definitely are conniving. Don't trust anyone . If the company feels like your time has come to an end or whatever the case they will find something to terminate you over, no warning or anything. Doesn't matter how long you have been there or sales or good employee. A lot of secretive unexplainable things will happen and nothing you can do. All they care about is revenue. And give you a little tiny raise to make up for treating you like nothing. Personal life is out the Question. There would be some that would work every day and weekend. But Ofcourse not allowed overtime. Job was very draining and led a lot of people to depression or quitting. Definitely do not stay longer than 1 or 2 yrs if you wanna maintain your sanity. Get the training and leave as soon as you can, preferably another bank . They'll pay more and be happy you're already experienced.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 22, 2019","2.0"
"nice place to work","• Effectively manage all of the risks associated with the business objectives and activities. • Knowledge of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions. • Awareness of successful approaches, tools, and techniques for dealing with changes and adapting to a fluctuating environment; aptitude to adapt as needed. • Ability to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions. • Understanding of and capability to bring a reported problems to successful resolution.","Client Solutions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"I enjoyed my job","If I hadn't have quit to be a caregiver for my grandparents before my grandfather passed I would still be working there. But I was needed and it was very important to me to help them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Port Richey, FL","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"Decent","Very laid back company. This is a subdivision of this bank, but it's not as professional. Good work environment as in the people that work here. Lots of opportunity with different job titles.","Client Solution Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Horsham, PA","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"Balanced and Supportive","There are a lot of benefits the this bank offers. They have a wellness program that is highly beneficial with other resources as well for things such as adoption support, counseling support, with may others.","Teller","Former Employee","Jackson, MI","May 21, 2019","4.0"
"Depends on the department no work life balance."," this bank offers on line training courses. Promotion is very unlikely depending on the department you are in. Benefits could be better for the monthly premium you pay. Once you are displaced or laid off very seldom do you get hire back within a year. Recruiter assigned to assist with the lay off and help placement is a joke. No assistance at all. Departments in other areas claim they promote within. No offers once you are displaced. Bank is known to mass hire for projects and lay-off after projects are done.","Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","2.0"
"Overall it is a good place to work.","There could continue to be more work on diversity and inclusion as the job grades get higher. Also, would like to see more opportunites for growth for existing employees.","Operations Production and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","4.0"
"Good Company","I enjoyed my time at this bank NA. I only left due to a poor management situation in my internal audit role. I would like to work for this company again someday in the future.","Regional Supervisory Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","5.0"
"I liked this position","My immediate supervisor was racist and didn'tblike me because I don't have a religion, butbother than that i really loved this job. Creating and tailoring letters of credit was really fun.","Tsr its stblc","multiple positions","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is the best"," this bank is one of the best employer to work for. With over 6 weeks of parental leave, and a constant focus on the employees, i would highly recommend this bank.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","May 19, 2019","5.0"
"n/a"," this bank was an amazing experience. Thank you for the chance as a first time employer ever. this bank was a great learning mark in my life. I recommend this bank bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","May 19, 2019","5.0"
"Good People, Stressful workplace","I worked at two different this bank's within the 1 year that I worked there. I worked in Dayton Oho, on Main street and then in Pittsburgh my hometown. this bank was the first job I got out of college. It wasn't in my field but I felt it was a great job to start out with, and a way to learn and network. I learned a lot working at this bank, I barely new how to read large numbers, right out checks, I didn't know what a cash advanced was or money market. So I'm very thankful for what I learned. But both managers I had made the job extremely stressful. My manger in Ohio was very demanding, intimidating, and rude. Several workers left the branch under her watch, My manager in Pittsburgh wasn't really a team player and she was never in the branch, it seemed like she would purposely make herself busy so she wouldn't have to be around us or customers, She was very back and fourth with rules. People kept leaving and transferring from that branch to . including our lead teller, so once she left me and one other girl had to basically be the lead teller and take on all the responsibilities without being paid extra or being trained really.","Teller","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","May 19, 2019","3.0"
"Lots of opportunities","Lots of career advancement opportunities. Overall excellent company values and ideals. Company culture is all about community involvement and maintaining an excellent reputation in the marketplace","Business Analysis Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 19, 2019","4.0"
"Horrible place to work","This place paid descent the supervisors were rude and very condescending, not understanding at all it was like high school. It's a great place for someone straight out of college","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 18, 2019","3.0"
"Such an amazing opportunity","Before I first started with this bank I was a small town shop manager. This company gave me the opportunity to grow up and become the person I've wanted to be. Pay could always be higher but with the sales opportunity you're able to make as much money as you want if you want it bad enough.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Indiana","May 17, 2019","5.0"
"Overall a great career","It is a fantastic starting career with large amounts of growth as long as you are a disciplined person. The job is not hard as long as you crack down on the metrics and really focus on the goals within the job. Management is fantastic and 100% all about their employees comfort as well as customers.","Tier II Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","9th st Kalamazoo mi","May 17, 2019","5.0"
"No comment","I worked as a personal banker here. I enjoyed the personal relationships I built with clients. I gained a lot of experience and excelled at product sales.","Services Associate","Former Employee","Clifton Heights, OH","May 17, 2019","2.0"
"review."," this bank is a great financial institution from a consumer's standpoint. From the stand point of a former employee, it is a very big head ache. All this bank focuses on is Credit Card and Credit Cards, oh and more credit cards. It seems like a place that focuses on helping it's clients but it seems that is not the case when the only recognition people receive is abut how many credit cards they put into peoples pockets.","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","NC","May 17, 2019","2.0"
"Good job while I am in school.","I've been at this bank for 2 years, and I've been full time for 1 year. My branch is great, everyone is super friendly and helpful. However, my BM isn't the best... Yes there are goals you have to meet but they aren't breathing down my neck to meet them. I mostly know all my clients that come in so once you get the hang of it and get familiar, selling products will come naturally. This was my first bank job.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Palm Beach Gardens, FL","May 16, 2019","5.0"
"Typical day","Typical day is high energy, fast service, meet lots of different people, a lot of business owners.I learned how to be patient and listen to the customer no matter if they are right or wrong, never say I can't and to always give them more than option.","Teller","Current Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","May 16, 2019","5.0"
"Okay place to work, management sucks","Make decent money but the management doesn't want you to advance and become better. You can have the best performance for the month and still can't get the shift you want, the position you want etc. All they do is micromanage & be in your business.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 15, 2019","3.0"
" this bank","I really appreciate and thank you so much for all of the opportunities this company has provided me which has not only helped but, is helping me to grow technically, professionally as well as personally. I have learned so much in these past 2 years (and still learning from this great place), and will never forget the kindness of management and all of my colleagues. Makepositve is just filled with lots of opportunities at every level of career. Awesome people to work with, always ready to help, encourage and support... be it technical or personal. Manager: Has always been a friend more than a Manager.","Senior Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 15, 2019","4.0"
"Blah","The company was great when I first started but changed a lot of the last several years after the other large bank got into trouble and fined! Not as fun as it used to be all about numbers all the time","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Springfield, IL","May 14, 2019","3.0"
"Nice environment to work.","They were constantly laying people off and threatening to lay off, even recently hired people. Other than lack of job security it was a nice place to work.","Claims Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 14, 2019","4.0"
"Not a Good place for Work/ Life Balance","Not a Good place for Work/ Life Balance. I was hired as a permanent employee to work at the Branch in North Seminole county, not as a float staff. They would wait until I got to the office to tell me they needed me in West Orange County. The drive alone was over an hour. They should have let me know the day prior if there was a staffing issue. If I said anything about it I was pulled in the office and told I was not a team player and that I was embarrassing the manager.","Consumer Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Sanford, FL","May 14, 2019","3.0"
"Fair Enough","The people who work at this bank are what makes it great. It's a shame that the organization doesn't put more value on their human capital. Instead of reporting their billions of net gain every quarter, maybe they should work on fair pay for all their employees.","Client Service Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 14, 2019","4.0"
"Great to learn all the different loan types","Nothing positive to say about them. It was a great opportunity to learn the mortgage business however this bank had a lot of Racist and friend based promotions on the operation end of the business. On the servicing end of the business it was more diverse.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 14, 2019","1.0"
"Okay place to work","It seems with this company if you do less than your job is described you are bowed down to. But for those who pick up the slack of others and bust their butts you don't get ahead instead you are treated like garbage.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","May 14, 2019","3.0"
"Good compensation"," this bank is a great place to work with outstanding benefits. There is a family type atmosphere that is contagious from the second you walk through the door.","MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICER","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 14, 2019","4.0"
"Overall great starting place for young professionals","I had a great experience during my internship at this bank in which I was able to shadow many different positions and partners within the bank, and was given many great experience opportunities that I otherwise might not have had.","Retail Banking Intern","Former Employee","Troy, MI","May 13, 2019","4.0"
"Great place to work, management is not where it should be.","I love my job. The pay was great and the benefits weren't that bad either. The job lacked management and consistency. There were too many chiefs and not enough Indians and no one controlled it. The employees act like children and the drama is unbearable but no one controls it.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","May 13, 2019","4.0"
"None","Nothing good to say about this bank. No work life balance. As a branch manager you are expected to work 6 days a week, you are expected to make up for the sales under-performing branches don't make, and if you develop a good employee, expect them to be moved to another location.","VP","Former Employee","Tinley Park, IL","May 13, 2019","2.0"
"Workplace friendly people","I learned how to organize my time. Management was nice and helpful. Work place culture was friendly The hardest part of the job was the goals. The most enjoyable was achieving goals per day","Data Entry Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 13, 2019","5.0"
"Stressful...tellers are forced to sell products","I liked being a teller, however this bank forces tellers to push products on every single customer, even those you would see ever day. Tellers should be able to provide customer service, not pushing products the customers don't ask for or want. To this day I have flashback nightmares of my manager criticizing our work. For this they paid a full time teller 9$ an hour. Benefits were good, as they should be at a large company. Every day we had a morning meeting on performance, what to push to customers, and this bank calls customers for feedback on employee performance and if you got less than 5 out of 5 you were not doing good enough. Also, as a teller, we had to cold call customers after work periodically to sell them financial services.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Chestertown, MD","May 13, 2019","1.0"
"Benefits"," this bank provides opportunities to grow in your career and benefits to support the initiative. Unfortunately those benefits and opportunities are generally located in the larger areas with a higher concentration of employees, such as Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. Cincinnati does not have a high enough concentration of employees to have access to benefits such as, sick child care, on-site lunch facilities, etc.","Senior Vice President","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 12, 2019","3.0"
"Typical day","I manage the day to day work flow of our department. I coach consultants accordingly. I support customer and service partners by helping to answer inbound calls.","IRA Operations Work Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2019","5.0"
"Productive workplace","I've learned to Work faster on the computer. The hardest part of the job is trying to keep all the customers satisfied. Easiest is giving them ways to be more established financially","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 11, 2019","4.0"
"Productive with very stressful work with no pay increase to match level of work that was expected of me each day","I have been with this bank since it was formerly bank N Bank and I was displaced in 2014 and now I have the fun of it happening again. I need to work.","Title Perfection Specialist","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 10, 2019","3.0"
"Wants you to enjoy being at work.","Lots of activities to ensure department community atmosphere. Over and above during Customer Appreciation Week. Holds a slight standard of perfection regarding promotions, but will allow you to cross-train as well as take on additional tasks.","Default Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 10, 2019","4.0"
"Fast paced highly secure work environment","* Constant changes- company and environment. * High goals. * Micro management. * Friendly environment. * Emphasis on customer satisfaction. * Small opportunity for advancement unless willing to relocate","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","May 10, 2019","4.0"
"Great Pay, Amazing boss","I was a Loan Closer with this bank I loved my boss, she did not micromanage, and she was encouraging. The pay I received while I was there was a good pay rate per hour. Job security however leaved much to be desired, they would cut anyone and everyone at the drop of a dime. They would not even offer other positions within the company before getting rid of you. Other than that it was a good experience.","Senior Loan Processor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 9, 2019","3.0"
"Good workplace","Direct managers are wonderful to work with. My manager takes an active interest in my development with my career and me personally. We are given 40 hours per year paid to do sanctioned volunteer projects. This contributes to a positive work life balance.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 7, 2019","4.0"
"Horrible","Pros: - My co-workers was the main reason why I didn't leave right away. They were nice and helpful. Cons: - Management was a mess. We didn't have a manager for 6+ months. - The branch that I worked at was very busy and under-staffed. - Always running out of supplies. For instance, deposit and withdrawal slips, pens, cups, etc. - No paid time off for part-time until you've worked there for a year. - They'll also fire if you do one thing wrong without any warnings. I've seen it happen to two of my co-workers.","Teller","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","May 6, 2019","2.0"
"Managers","Every manager knows one another. Can be good can be bad. Bad when trying to promote yourself but manager doesn't agree...working in a small environment has its challenges","Financial Representative","Former Employee","Newport, PA","May 5, 2019","4.0"
"Stay away from this bank!","I have worked in the mortgage industry for 20 years. And this was the worst experience of my entire career. this bank is unethical and lack any sense of moral compass. The way they treat their employees is actually illegal. And several ex-employees have filed lawsuits against the company. Stay far far away from this bank.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 4, 2019","1.0"
"Sales not Management","Position in store (Giant). Long hours, typically short staffed. Focus was on sales, approaching shopping customers, ridiculous activities in front of branch to stop Giant customers. Emphasis on selling instead of employee development or customer service. Massive pressure from upper management to meet sales goals. If you are looking for a respectable banking job this it NOT it.","Assistant Vice President and Branch Manager","Former Employee","VA","May 3, 2019","1.0"
"Im Surprised they are still in business","There is so much to say about my experience with this company but to sum it up. The company does not set you up for success at all. I personally did succeed but at the cost of my health physically and mentally. The training does absolutely nothing to prepare you for the actually job. The 1-2 week training basically just shows you the systems you will be working with. THATS IT. For the 3 years I was there management changed the processes about twice a month; sometimes more. I am all for being flexible with change but it was just ridiculous after a while. On top of it they want you to keep up with every wishy washy change they made and reprimand you for every mistake. Every day I felt like I may lose my job if I'm not perfect. The company also changed the incentive structure every year to make it more difficult to bonus. I was a Processor and there were just so many things outside out control, but we got blamed for every thing that happened. I would never recommend anyone work here and I will never work for them again. I honestly feel the company as a whole did not care about their customers and every decision they made was a guess. they have all these kind of special projects testing out new processes or systems but when it comes down to implementing real feed back they don't listen to the people who actually do the job every day. Also, as an employee so many managers have favorites.","Senior Loan Processing Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 2, 2019","2.0"
"Avoid the this bank aml department at all cost!","I worked for this bank as an AML Investigator in the Pittsburgh office (1st Side Center) for a number of years. I've also had similar titles at another bank and have been a professional in Risk Management for over a decade. At first, I thought the work culture was friendly and the program seemed fairly organized. The department was expanding its AML program considerably and hiring more investigators and support staff to handle a large increase in case volume. Within six months, they had the new hires working 12+ hours a day and were expected to handle case volumes far beyond what the vast majority of people could handle. During the worst of it, you were expected to clear about 10-16 case in a week. From what I was told, prior to the case increases and hiring push, investigators were expected to work between 5-8 cases a week. There were a few dips in the case volume moving forward but largely the average that you would work in a given month increased as time when by. All the while, there was little or no improvements to the policies and procedures that would help us do the work faster and with more efficiency. In other words, you were expected to do a lot more with less. this bank tries to solve any problem by hiring more managers. The most frustrating part about working there is most of the Team Leads and Managers are absolutely terrible and all they care about are metrics. Some of the stuff I've heard managers say I can honestly say I've never come across in my entire professional life. It was like living in a cult. The Team Leads there may have been good at clearing - more...","AML Investigator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 2, 2019","1.0"
"Schedule Adherence","Don't do it unless you have no kids, don't get sick, running late by 1 min!!! Schedule adherence is unrealistic if you are stuck on a call during your 15 minutes you risk being off your adherence and no bonus they give you! You get the same calls all day sometimes from the same folks with their online banking system causing customers to be locked out multiple times a week and there is no script to follow. Oh yeah and if you want to last there you must not be late or miss days the first 90 days!","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","May 1, 2019","1.0"
"Good place to start career"," this bank was a good place to start my career and gain training amd opportunities. There are really great people working here. There are numerous departments in which to gain knowledge and transferable skills.","Debit Card Investigator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 1, 2019","4.0"
" this bank does not care"," this bank Does not care about its employees or clients. They solely care about saving face. They will are incredibly dishonest and cowardly. Do they not communicate any important information professionally.","Technical Services Specialist","Current Employee","Piitsburgh","April 26, 2019","1.0"
"Just ok","Overall my job was great , very friendly customers . Nice and steady days easy job. But the BM was very rude and did a lot of favoritism. Your good work doesn't get recognized! Not flexible with requesting off. Get in trouble for calling out!","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","April 25, 2019","3.0"
"Pay and benefits are good. Environment sucks","Constant changes; work, co workers, mgrs. Hard to advance. Redundant work. HR does not care about it's own 'polices' nor enforcing them. Good luck staying on for any real period of time.","Collections Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 24, 2019","1.0"
"Green company but low pay","Average employer, not much can be really said about the front line. It's easy to hit sales goals if you are in an affluent area, but still doable in a low income area. Management was not great, but varies from branch to branch. Red tape was a little bit much with very little reasoning behind it.","Financial Sales Consultant Sales","Former Employee","Warren, MI","April 24, 2019","3.0"
"Work here if you hate yourself.","If you love sitting at a desk listening to the same five songs on the radio eight hours a day, dealing with entitled rich old people who get frustrated when you take more than half a second to complete their transaction, and being micromanaged by narcissistic coworkers pretending to be your manager, this bank is the place for you!","Teller","Current Employee","Naples, FL","April 24, 2019","2.0"
"Great place to work","The team I had the pleasure of working with were supportive of myself and my role. Were always willing to develop my skillset to better enhance my performance and conversations with my client. My bank family were always aware of others and made sure home life was balanced with work life.","CSA - Platform floater","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","April 23, 2019","5.0"
"3 stars","you have the option to make lateral moves within bank but moving up does not seem possible unless you have seniority. micro management has become the way of life.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","April 23, 2019","3.0"
"Tactical, next flashy thing management style","Management is engrained in the tactical day to day operations and has no vision or strategy. Management speaks of work/life balance as something that will come in the years to come if we work hard today. It takes 4-5 months to get an approved work effort approved to begin. So after getting approval, you have another 4-5 months of getting approvals before you can begin.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 23, 2019","2.0"
"Cold calling Nightmare","My daily duties consisted of: answering phones, client servicing, cold calling clients, teller, payment processing, sales positioning, referrals, data entry, confidential filing, notary, applications for: loans, checking, savings, and credit cards. I learned money management skills and the genesis data base along with being NMLS certified. Management was not encouraging and pushed sales goals on you everyday. Hardest part of my job was not being able to make important decisions. It all had to go through the manager and cooperate. The best part about my job was the experience and the clients.","Client Relationship Expert","Former Employee","Pasadena, MD","April 23, 2019","3.0"
"Lacking in leadership","Overall I found that this bank and it's management team have yet to figure out that management and leadership are not interchangeable. Further, the total lack of work/life balance makes working for this company less than ideal. Still, compensation and retirement benefits are excellent.","Senior Fiduciary Advisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 23, 2019","2.0"
"Productive","Provide sales management and leadership to Branch Managers and their teams including operations, training, sales coaching and service.Instill behaviors and lead activities that drive both employee engagement and growth","SSSM","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 23, 2019","5.0"
"Work","Entry level job, there is a high demand to keep up with the work load. Zero tolerance job. You must be able to multi-task and always be prepared. Assistance is there if needed.","CLOSING LOAN ADVISOR","Former Employee","North Carolina","April 23, 2019","2.0"
"Great Company","I loved working for this bank. I was able to learn and grow in different positions. It was challenging but enjoyable. My only issue was the location and the robberies and attempted robberies that happened while I was there. It was difficult to relocate so I had no choice but to leave the company.","Financial sales","Former Employee","Fayetteville, GA","April 23, 2019","4.0"
"Great bank","I worked for this bank for 8 years and loved it. They are constantly training and making sure everything you need you have. There are so many opportunities within the bank to strive for.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","April 21, 2019","5.0"
"It works for Me"," this bank is a great corporation to work for. Management is great, but the area for advancement is at a minimum. You never know what type of day you will have at this bank. It changes from day to day.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","April 21, 2019","5.0"
"Personal Experience","This does not speak for the organization as a whole, but more specifically to the department within which I worked. Due to regulatory pressures, the risk framework has swung so far to the right that it became unstainable to keep pace with the initiatives, and with the demands from operational risk management leaders.","VP","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 19, 2019","2.0"
"Professional environment","A busy place to work with wonderful people surrounding you to support you and encourage your success. Helping customers with their banking needs and helping branch employee be successful is a rewarding experience.","Administrative Assistant I","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","April 19, 2019","4.0"
"No","ABSOLUTELY the worst management. If you want to be dehumanized, disrespected , dishonored, overworked, underpaid and set up for FAILURE, please work here.","BANKER","Former Employee","Merrillville, IN","April 19, 2019","1.0"
"Great Place.","This is a great place to work. Really try to make sure every employee has work life balance. They offer great benefits as well. Pay is competitive to others in market.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 18, 2019","5.0"
"A great company to advance and retire from.","I was a loyal and dedicated this bank employee who was displaced due to expense reduction and management restructure. I was a company ambassador and planned on retiring from my company. I have the utmost respect for this bank even though my position was eliminated.","VP - Client Solutions Group Manager","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 18, 2019","4.0"
"busy","It was an extremely fast paced environment. the managers walked around behind you with clip boards and marked off things you were doing wrong. there was never praise just what you did wrong.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 18, 2019","1.0"
