"Average","Excellent colleagues. Difficult to advance upward or to other departments. Sales and management functions take over the job without much support. Tough work/life balance.","AVP","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"They just want someone to be the front line fall guy","They have a very 'take ownership' attitude so you can't say anything along the lines of 'it's our/ this banks policy'. Your basically getting berated all of the time by customers or managers who want you to sell even though you aren't in sales.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 6, 2020","1.0"
"Good: Pay Bad: constant concern with downsizing as an employee","My day consisted of managing staff, monitoring reports, working with HR, hiring/firing/laying off staff, monitoring for improvements or concerns within processes and meetings with upper management and other management.","Operations Manager Late Stage Default","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"Mostly alright, nothing exciting","Good job with great hours but very monotonous and once you learn something, you are responsible for taking care of it. Time off is discouraged. Must be dependable and show up every day. Strict attendance policy.","Teller","Former Employee","Decatur, IL","January 6, 2020","3.0"
"Culture has changed'; many employees are leaving","Upper management hires lower managers based on favoritism. Passed-over managers then leave this bank, as there is no room for growth. With the sales managers leaving, bankers under their supervision then leave as well. There should be many openings at this bank because so many people are leaving. A recruiter with a conscience would not direct a candidate to this bank.","Vice President","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","January 5, 2020","2.0"
"Living with this salary impossible","Salary to low for tellers as we are the face of the company. We are the first people customers see and many times offend. We do a lot of work and maybe have one of the highest pressure/stressful related job.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","North Royalton, OH","January 5, 2020","5.0"
"A great company to work for","I really enjoyed working for this bank. It allowed for many learning opportunities and career advancement. I would definitely recommend working at this bank to anyone interested in this field.","Trade Support Specialist - Advisor Trade Support","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 4, 2020","5.0"
"Working at this bank Call Center","It was a new a fun experience that I enjoyed being apart of. Being given this opportunity allowed me to advance my customer service and banking experience while also creating new relationships with coworkers and customer. this bank is a huge banking company that also provide the services to help start my career in the financial industry.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","January 4, 2020","4.0"
"Horrible company"," this bank does not care about their employees. Their management team is awful and focuses solely on themselves. The sales culture they push on their employees creates a stressful work environment. It's constant conversation on how you are going to improve while the managers continue to not help customers or follow through on their word. They do not pay you enough and if you get promoted the easier is a joke. They pay more to new hires then they do to current employees. WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND ANYBODY TO WORK HERE OR BANK HERE.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Warminster, PA","January 3, 2020","1.0"
"Good","Was good experience and they are great company if you like to work for this bank go four it don't wit do it I love this bank it's great company I life the job for my kids","Teller","Former Employee","Virginia","January 3, 2020","5.0"
"Many different locations to work from, including remote.","Workplace enjoyment and satisfaction depends largely on what department and manager you have. Some departments embrace a philosophy of growth and change, while others are content with the status quo.","Vice President - Strategic Sourcing Supervisor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","January 2, 2020","2.0"
"Okay","I was not necessarily an indivisible for the overarching company. My branch was wonderful but the company as a whole did not care about me or the staff I worked with.","Teller","Former Employee","Ludington, MI","December 31, 2019","3.0"
"The absolute worst wealth management firm on the planet.","If you want to work among the most arrogant, self-important snobs who have no education or pedigree to back it up, go join this bank. Their model is a mess, they pretend to be ultra high net worth when they are barely mass affluent They care nothing about the client and only care about their fees. fees when all they care about is their","Relationship Strategist","Former Employee","Palm Beach Gardens, FL","December 31, 2019","1.0"
"Easy going yet professional work environment","Great company with opportunity for growth. Pay is moderate but good sales incentives. Environment is dictated by manager. Mentor ship is available along with coaching","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","New York, NY","December 30, 2019","4.0"
"Horrible","Horrible management not a place that would ever recommend to anyone. They do not care about you as a customer. It's all about the bottom line. It's about making money and nothing else.","Banker","Former Employee","Belvidere, IL","December 30, 2019","1.0"
"Disappointed in this bank by management they hire","Disappointed in this bank by the Management they hire. They usually are experienced. this bank has great training. There are a lot of banking rules you are unaware of until you work there","Banker","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","December 30, 2019","4.0"
"productive fun and great","clear plan for the future, employees don't know long-term goals, just i need to move from the place to bay area the for big IT opportunity for more growing","Full Stack Developer","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","December 28, 2019","5.0"
"This is as far the best bank i have ever worked for","Your manager want you to succeed and take opportunities to advance and train in other departments. Also after 6 months of employment you will have the opportunity to transfer to other departments and the training you will gain.","Virtual Customer Service Core Representative II","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","December 28, 2019","5.0"
"offers full time and it's nice to have all bank holidays off.","Was a decent job that helped me learn a lot. I worked for a total of 2 different branches, and had volunteered to several other branches in the area during my time employed there.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Hampstead, MD","December 26, 2019","3.0"
"I had a pretty good experience with this bank.","I was a this bank teller, I enjoyed the environment and training. I learned a lot really fast and believe the way it was taught was very easy to retain.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Rising Sun, MD","December 23, 2019","4.0"
"Going on four years","The thing that got me hooked right away was the team and family atmosphere. Their goal is to coach you up and not down. They push you to be the best you can be on a daily! That's why I am still there","Business Banking Service and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 22, 2019","4.0"
"Enjoyable work place","You're given 15 minutes before actually required to take a call, this gives employees time to catch up on important company alerts and communications. Though there are productivity measures that seem to be priority in each meeting, they also explain the importance of taking a break and getting time to mentally recharge. Management is helpful and willing.","Support Agent","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 21, 2019","4.0"
"I was in a high paying position but downgraded unfairely","If I had the necessary management support from beginning I feel I would not have been unfairly downgraded. Insurance is great and there are several benefits but now incentives will be discontinued and pay will increase more","Customer Service Rep","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 20, 2019","4.0"
"Sales driven company","If you're not familiar with having sales goals, this is not the company for you. The micromanage is unbelievably insane, and upper management talks down on employees. Not to mention the pay is far from great. If your supporting a family this job will not pay enough.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Port Orange, FL","December 20, 2019","1.0"
"Quality work environment with balance","Good company where you can use your experiences to venture out and try different parts of the company. You get out what you put in. Lots of well established, nice co-workers to help you progress through your career.","Risk Management Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 20, 2019","4.0"
"Good place to work but","The job was good. I started as a part-time teller and within six (6) months I was being offered the Teller Supervisor position. The problem was the pay was very low. The managers and co-workers were all nice and helpful. My only issue was the very low pay.","CSR","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 18, 2019","3.0"
"Sales Driven Company","Turnover is extremely high here. this bank is a strong sales driven company. Goals are pushed daily and plans are made to achieve those goals. Bonus are strictly reflective of sales and performace.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC 27870","December 18, 2019","3.0"
"Sales Driven"," this bank is an excellent company to work for if you are Sales driven and are able to meet sales quotas. In my opinion this bank values their sales over the client/customer service experience. I was able to incorporate my love of teaching financial wellness to our customers which didn't always lead to a sale and this was not always accepted even if it was right for the customer. frowned","ATM BALANCING TELLER","Former Employee","Federalsburg, MD 21632","December 16, 2019","3.0"
"Perfect First Job","This was my first job out of college. Working with this bank provided much of the support and guidance needed after completing your education. There are so many avenues across the business/financial services one can provide. Working here demands a lot of patiences to see your results grow.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","December 16, 2019","5.0"
"Department reminded me of high school cliques","I worked only in one department; I don't want to condemn entire institution. I enjoyed the fast pace of the work. It was a production driven atmosphere. The quality and quantity of work should have been most important, but the fun timers whose outside activities (such as whether one drank alcohol, or was a movie fan, or a gamer) were kind of held to a lesser standard. Glad I no longer work there. It was very stressful.","Detection and Investigation Analyst","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 16, 2019","2.0"
"Great job","I actually loved working for this bank! Unfortunately I did have to leave due to location being a big problem for me! But any one who gets hired into this bank it's such a great job","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 16, 2019","5.0"
"Sales Job","Like any job there are pros and cons. Be prepared to be in a high paced sales environment. You be required to make suggestions to customers and businesses about products and services.","Service Associate","Current Employee","California, MD","December 15, 2019","3.0"
"I don't agree with the sales culture","Very sales driven, feels like your spinning your wheels at times, you've never sold enough. Always meeting with managers to see how you can sell more.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","December 15, 2019","5.0"
"Think again","They expect you to push products on everyone even those who clearly don't need it. I was put on warning for not offering to a 86yr old customer. Pay is not good when you think about what you bring home monthly. Management pushes everything on the team and still expects you to finish your work. Let me not start on the racist, sexist policy. Go anywhere else you'll be so much better off.","Sales and Service Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 14, 2019","1.0"
"productive","Helps employee to succeed. Give time to employee to work on there pace.Where employee need help management is there for them. The company helps to maintain work and life balance.","Teller","Former Employee","600 baltimore pike","December 14, 2019","4.0"
" this bank is company that values diversity and inclusion"," this bank places high value on the company's reputation and moderate risk philosophy. They also place high value on keeping their customers and employees safe and happy.","HRIS Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","December 14, 2019","4.0"
"Current employee","It's not a bad place to work but morale is pretty low at the moment due to large queue sizes, mismanagement by executives who don't know how to do our job but are trying to save money. All of which causes bad work life balance. Also wages aren't competitive with other companies, we do the job of three and get paid much less for one","Loan Processing Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 13, 2019","4.0"
"Productive","Enjoy working with my team, learned a lot, great work experience, very cooperative team and manager, it was a great feeling to release customers financial stress and to make them happy.","Small Business Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","December 13, 2019","5.0"
"large bank","Continue to provide the level of service as if you are a small community bank. Philanthropy is a major piece of working at this bank. Top notch training. Very good management","AVP Branch Manager","Former Employee","Greenwood, IN","December 12, 2019","4.0"
"Professional and well organize environment for qualify employees"," this bank is a wonderful company to work and to learn. I am so benefit from leaving and working at this company. I feel I have growing up together with my working knowledge and experiences from this company.","Loan Servicing Analyst I","Former Employee","Overland Park, KS","December 12, 2019","5.0"
"productive,team oriented and funny individual..","A typical day at work would start by updating the team lead on the progress of the task assigned to each team member,this was always conducted in a meeting of testers for example if you are writting test cases and you realize a requirement is not clear,it was a platform to present any obstacle with regards to your work assignment,i also had an opportunity to act as a Team Lead and this was another exciting challenge at work interms of management from implementation of Agile methodies as a scrum master,reporting,assigning duties and setting timeframe for the assigned work..Team work was ineviteable culture nobody wanted to ignore,a failure for a single person would cost the whole team so we encouraged the spirit of consultation whenever you needed any help.The hardest part of the job is while reporting the deffects there would always a tag of war between testers and developers.and the most enjoyable part is when you identify major deffects in an application.","QA Tester","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work","An amazing company that you could just find yourself working at for the rest of your life, extremely good benefits. I would recommend anyone to apply there.","Service Associate","Former Employee","pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2019","5.0"
"Worst company I ever worked","They don't know how to treat an employee. They offten treat you like you are nobody. They are full of promises that they are not going to fullfill. Don't work with them EVER!!! Manager don't know anything and then treat you like a dum person. Shame on them.","BBSR","Former Employee","Plainfield, NJ","December 11, 2019","1.0"
"Great place of employment","You could andvance in your career very quickly, they always want you to succeed. They are team players. They pay fairly and the managers will have meetings throughout the month to see what it is you want to do and put you on the path.","Loans","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 11, 2019","4.0"
"poor management","company is a sales driven environment before was more customer service based, management was terrible wouldn't recommend working for this company. would rather be in prison.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","December 10, 2019","1.0"
"Ok work environment","Ok place to work bad shift room for advancement changes all the time no more in office only work from home must have private space for work where door can lock","Customer Service","Former Employee","Columbus, OH 43213","December 10, 2019","2.0"
"I miss working for this bank","They pay really well. But you have to be sure to tell them the hours that you want and if need be, wait until that option becomes available or you may be stuck.","Expander Sale Rep","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 10, 2019","5.0"
"Great company","Worked here for 4 years and loved it. Great culture, work environment and they had exceptional benefits/PTO. Only reason I left was because of family health issues","Teller","Former Employee","Ann Arbor","December 10, 2019","5.0"
"Very informational place to work","I started my career at this bank. I learned all about how banks operate and the structures of the various industries we work with. It has been a great place to start my career.","Business Banking","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","December 9, 2019","4.0"
"Favouritism","Lots of favoritism. It's all about WHO you know , it doesn't matter how hard you work or what your numbers are. Different policies depending on regions and no consistency what so ever. Promotion is for their favorite only! Doesn't matter the experience. You really have to tip toe and watch your back. The company itself is good but it's a matter of luck where you will end up being.","BSSR","Current Employee","Carmel, IN","December 9, 2019","2.0"
"It helps if you know someone","Worked in collections for 4 years. The management constantly changed and know one thought of the real business needs to concerned with metrics and etc.","CONSUMER SUPPORT SPECIALIST SR","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 9, 2019","3.0"
" this bank","It was a nice work environment and pay was very well. It was a new program so there were some kinks that needed worked out but the people were wonderful.","Multichannel Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","December 7, 2019","4.0"
" this bank Review","The work is rewarding, the support of work processes are both smart and efficient. The environment is racist and bias. I was harrassed, assaulted, phone menaced, and reported these actions and was ostracized and mistreated as a result. The systemic bias in their culture is problematic.","Multifamily Underwriter","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","December 6, 2019","2.0"
"No team effort and management handicaps the current staff","I get it banking is not what it used to be 5-15 years ago. I myself am about to pick up what will be my third job while I am still employed there to finish a degree I started to be eligible for better opportunity if not there the next company. All our incoming staff is just about collecting a paycheck and those of us sales driven/client dedicated employees have our hard work overlooked and ignored by management for the slackers because of 'special relationships ' they have with management even though they make very little beneficial contributions. Hostile work environments are thick in my side of DC west","Branch sales and Service associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","December 5, 2019","1.0"
"You can go far here","Depending on location a typical day on the job can be quite busy. I am assisting with transactions and any servicing needs the client may have. I have learned to have a full conversation based around what a customers needs are and their goals and I assist them with product solutions to help them meet those goals. The culture of the workplace is very diverse and inclusive, which I can appreciate. The hardest part of my job would have to be remembering all the clients I do service, so that I can build a rapport with them which Is also the most enjoyable part of my job. I absolutely love people and providing them with a top quality customer service experience.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Brookfield, WI","December 5, 2019","5.0"
"Didn't like it","I just feel that this bank set to high of professional standards for such a low rate of pay. This job wasn't a good fit for me. Very strict guidelines cookie cutter things I didn't like.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","December 4, 2019","1.0"
"Not supported by upper management","Not what i was expecting from a large financial sevices group. Culture is shock management and technology well below standard. The other employees cannit be rrusted because they have a culture of gotcha management.","Home Loan Consultant","Former Employee","Morristown, NJ","December 4, 2019","2.0"
"Worst place I ever worked","There isn't much to say other than the pay was horrible, management was terrible and there was zero space to advance. I spent most of my time trying to advance working overtime and then would get horrible raises after over achieving.","Service desk Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","December 4, 2019","1.0"
"No advancement","Made promises of advancement that never materialized. Bonuses never fulfilled. No regular schedule from week to week. Work 6 days a week but only get paid for 5 - no overtime allowed.","Teller","Former Employee","Elkton, MD","December 4, 2019","2.0"
"fun work place with friendly employee","i had very nice and good time while i was working there it help me to get more experience with ssis that what i done there get more experience to work with dev environment and QA environment.","SSIS Developer","Former Employee","Ohio City, OH","December 4, 2019","5.0"
"Fun, family friendly work environment."," this bank was a great company to work for. Always providing new opportunities for growth and progression. I always felt included in the the day to day process and overall success of my team. Coworkers here were helpful and provided an exciting and successful workspace.","Financial Sales Representative I","Former Employee","Washington, DC","December 2, 2019","5.0"
"Racist","don't believe the lies - only protect their own - will make an example out of you - only selling you a dream - Racist - prefer hiring their own - only help their own - only promote their own","Teller I","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","December 2, 2019","1.0"
"Productive and fun environment","A typical day at work is good. I learned different cross functions in groups and teams. Workplace culture is good. The hardest part of the job working with different personalities.","QUALITY ANALYST COORDINATOR","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","December 1, 2019","4.0"
" this bank","Great environment to work. Recommend working here for YOUNGER PEOPLE (18-26) . Flexible hours. Really great long term job for younger people. Learning about banking.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kankakee, IL","December 1, 2019","4.0"
"Never again","Not a supportive atmosphere. Branch manager was dishonest and was not a supporter of diversity in the workplace. There was a mistreatment of minority business owners.","Teller Manager","Former Employee","Delaware","December 1, 2019","2.0"
"Good Career Choice","Great company. Very customer focused and strong financially. Many opportunities for professional development and advancement. Excellent benefits and pay. The customer facing employees have sales goals and need to be able to sell to make real money.","SVP Business Banking","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","November 30, 2019","4.0"
" this bank","Management worked behind my back to bust me down to a teller and then wanted me to train person who took my position. Management showed favoritism . I left and moved all my accounts!","Manager","Former Employee","West Branch, MI","November 30, 2019","1.0"
"Management","Management is one of the reasons I am not returning to this bank love the bank but not those in charge they have their favorites and hard to move up within the company","OPERATIONS MANAGER","Former Employee","Sylvania, OH","November 30, 2019","3.0"
"Fun place to work if your more comfortable working within a big corporation","There are a diverse area of focus, it depends on what your expertise is, or where you would like to enhance and further your career. It does take a particular individual who enjoys a call center atmosphere, talking and making a surplus of outbound calls.","MLO","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 29, 2019","4.0"
"Values young workers, but not previous experience outside of and prior to working at the firm."," this bank Does not value prior work experience. this bank values young workers. Remote work schedule was fantastic but reduced and lessened for everyone, but not due to performance."," this bank Investments","Current Employee","Ohio","November 29, 2019","3.0"
"Corporate Job","In the branches, it feels like a small town bank but the logistics and paperwork are ridiculous. Micro-managing and forms all day. Hope you like calls, lots of Cold calls and clicking to do!!","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Wisconsin","November 28, 2019","3.0"
"Horrible for new employees","This is not a place to work if you've never worked in banking before. They have an absolutely terrible training program which does nothing to prepare you for the job. The training does nothing to prepare you for the position, but rather it covers their butts with their regulators. I made a very simple mistake my very first time using their software, and months later when it was discovered, i was fired for the mistake even though to this dare I don't understand what was wrong. Their benefits are literally the minimum that are required by law and their pay is as bad as any other bank. Avoid at all costs.","Banker","Former Employee","Michigan","November 27, 2019","1.0"
"Not a good place if you have a family or outside life","They do have really good retirement benefits, health insurance benefits are ok, there's a lot of hidden turnover, raises are basically nonexistent, everything about you can be amazing to them but if there is one bad thing that is all that is focused on, a lot of branches constantly work without managers & have platform bankers that try to take over, you will only get any decent money if your higher up in the company, any & everything you do will be held against you, if you have to call out or leave early because of family it's frowned upon, needing time off because of anything is a hassle, they offer benefits for part time which is awesome but at the same time if you work part time be prepared to be fully taken advantage of & not rewarded for it in anyway.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Lutherville-Timonium, MD","November 27, 2019","2.0"
"Large building with your own office","I liked the location and work hours of branch. The branch has a huge lobby so lobby engagement is the up most important. The most enjoyable part of my day was when I was able to help a customer with their financial needs and gain their loyalty and trust.","Service Representative","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","November 26, 2019","3.0"
"Work Life Balance","This is a good place to work if you don't have children or a family. Due to high turn over, managers have to fill in scheduling gaps making it difficult to balance work and home life.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 26, 2019","3.0"
"fun","Helping existing as well as new customers in the purchase and selection of services and products Processed customer bill payments effectively and answered basic questions regarding customer service Communicated with customers effectively providing them information regarding products, services, equipment usage, billing procedures and feature functionality making outbound calls for prospecting opportunities and customer follow-up Maintained clean retail work area Performed back office duties effectively including accessory stock, inventory","Branch Service Representative","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","November 26, 2019","5.0"
"I have never had a job like this","It is by far the best job I have ever had and I think I will be here for at least 5 years. All benefits, Sick time, Vacay time, and personal time. But to top it off, the coworkers are so open it's like the entire building is a family. Different departments included. And they have the best idea that food and carry-ins solve everything. WE ARE ALWAYS EATING. It's beautiful. Even security is family. Ages range from 18-60 from what I can tell.","Early Intervention Specialist","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH 45342","November 26, 2019","5.0"
"Good work for a place to 'start' but not for all","The job is great for paying your bills. It's $15.50 an hour which is meh. I say this considering I was being paid the same amount as a hostess for a restaurant and I received much better benefits and incentives there. Your co-workers on the same level as you can quickly become friends. People are down to earth but Favoritism is definitely strong with job titles. Opportunity to grow. Convenient","Service Representative","Current Employee","Towson, MD 21204","November 26, 2019","3.0"
"Good foundation"," this bank was great foundation for me in the financial and customer service industry. I learned a lot while I was there and there were ways you could advance in the business.","Teller Banker","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 26, 2019","5.0"
" this bank is headed in the same direction as Wells Fargo","Abysmal support from management: worst two managers I had in 25+ years of work in the industry. Total misunderstanding of wealth management business; sell a loan that's how banks make money is the mantra","Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 26, 2019","1.0"
"great","This company knows how to treat employees. They really care about their employees. The customer service is very important with this company! Thats the focus","Teller","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","November 25, 2019","5.0"
"average work place"," this bank's work environment was fun. However, the management and the rules made it difficult to work there. The managers and customers were not bad but again, the rules and management caused a problem.","CUSTOMER CARE REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 25, 2019","1.0"
"Horrible place to work","Market Management racist and unfair environment, South Jersey Region is the worst; if you are Latino or black people prepare to be targeted by the Regional manager, I guess in a world that is ok to make racist jokes and comments, you will never have respect if you say something they will haunt you down until you quit.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Linwood, NJ","November 24, 2019","1.0"
"Not Quite Who They Say They Are"," this bank pretends to care about their customers' financial needs and futures, which is true to some extent. But their real objective is to squeeze every dime possible out of each customer. While this is the objective of most companies that answer to stock holders, it is especially true here. What is truly best for the customer is secondary to production and pushing this bank products and services. As an employee, you are not encouraged to think outside the box but are very encouraged to drink the corporate Kool-Aid, shut up and do what you're told. Decent benefits and vacation policy if that's all you're looking for. My advice, find another way to make a living.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Mobile, AL","November 24, 2019","2.0"
"Teller Supervisor","This job has everything to do with who you work with. If the people don't like you don't make a mistake, you'll be terminated. Managers were great but if someone goes above their heads its out of their control. Be careful with movement, the branch i went to ended up being the end of my career. This isn't a great company for job security.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Gibsonia, PA","November 23, 2019","3.0"
"Average","Company had good pay and benefits. Some branch managers abused their power and would regularly power trip, by intimidating those in lower positions on a regular basis.","Consultant","Former Employee","USA","November 23, 2019","5.0"
"Inflexible store hours at the instore branches","The inside grocery store branch hours were a bit crazy and inflexible, they are open 7 days a week and late. Compensation was not compatible with job criteria.","Instore branch manager","Former Employee","Alexandria, VA","November 22, 2019","3.0"
"n/a"," this bank is a company that even though they said they like to promote from within the company, they don't really like to have employees asking for promotions. I saw plenty of times and when it was my turn as expected i was decline as well.","Regional Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","November 22, 2019","1.0"
"The People Make the Company","Every department is different, but the people in each are amazing! They truly welcome you with open arms into their family. The management truly cares for their people. I learned so much about mortgage that it helped me to be a wiser consumer when I bought my own home.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 21, 2019","4.0"
"Bank Corporate Culture","Professional work place, management is always available to assist in career development. The least enjoyable part of the job is having to make cold calls to customers.","Services Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 21, 2019","4.0"
"Prepare for Growth"," this bank has shown me support and that I'm valued. This company definitely cares about your personal and professional interests and development. I plan to be with this establishment long term.","TELLER","Current Employee","Durham, NC","November 21, 2019","5.0"
"Good place to work","This is a good company to work for I think management is overall pretty good A my experience has been nothing but positive since coming to work here I have met a good team members as well as management staff I enjoy working with my customers and the relationships I have built with the clientele is amazing","Loan closing associate","Current Employee","Jacksonville Florida","November 21, 2019","5.0"
"Don't Work Too Hard","When i first started working for this bank, I was so excited. But over time, I realized that development for new hires or staff period was non existent. I work really hard to achieve my goals and still don't get paid what other banks pay.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 20, 2019","3.0"
"Pushy on sales","They love to talk about Wells Fargo, but they worse on the sales goals and very pushy. The benefits are great but the culture wasn't. They need to listen more to the employees and have a more diverse employees.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Ayden, NC","November 20, 2019","1.0"
"Good company","I thoroughly enjoyed my employment at this bank. The culture is great, but there are a few individuals to take advantage of their power by making employees feel inferior to them.","SVP Business Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 20, 2019","4.0"
"Production based with support and many partners available for continued support.","As mentioned, Production based with support and many partners available for continued support. A great company to work for with attractive incentives.","Business Banking Center Manager","Current Employee","Secaucus, NJ","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Had two amazing groups of people to work with","For this bank I was fortunate enough to have two extremely wonderful groups of people to work with. From Branch manager to Teller lead, everyone was extremely good at their role and knew how to properly address any questions I had moving forward. Even when I moved to another branch, it was inviting and everyone I worked with did an amazing job helping me to fit into my role.","BANKER","Former Employee","Pike Creek, DE","November 19, 2019","5.0"
"Worst place to work","This used to be a great company, up until consumer merged with mortgage and screwed up the entire system. Cut bonuses, fired management, put in incompetent management, no room for growth. This place is going downhill. If I could give zero stars I would. Worst place to work.","Call Center Representative","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 19, 2019","1.0"
"fast paces and stressful environment"," this bank tries to stay near the bleeding edge of technology and applications. They also highly value customer experience so therefore, when issues arise, it's all hands on deck","Technology Engineer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Na","There was favoritism shown at this job, people were allowed to not work and then other employees had to pick up the slack from that other person. There is no growth opportunities.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 19, 2019","1.0"
"Its ok","its an ok company to work for, pay can be a bit low but it is Pittsburgh, good food at locations no isseus with moving up, lots of support typical day varies","IB Commercial Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Great Work/Life Balance & Benefits","Lots of flexibility in schedule; great work like balance. Good benefit options, lots of vacation and sick time offered. Much, much less busy than an accountant at a public firm would be.","Senior Accountant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 19, 2019","4.0"
"Great team rapport and family focused","I enjoyed the continued compulsory trainings we had to complete. They kept us up-to-date. I also loved being in an environment that challenges you to push past comfort zones and continually learn new skills.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Financial Consultant","Lititz, PA","November 19, 2019","5.0"
"Absolutely stressful environment","I was as a QA test lead in this bank(TCoE). I am going to tell you my experience with this bank and it's just my subjective opinion. Onboarding and off boarding process is awful, no KT or directing new employee to the right work flow. It is imposible to find any documentation related to the project. Poor weak hardware laptop is proveded for automation with Windows 7 (later upgrated to 10) system which is glitching periodicaly. Scrum master's answer is 'I don't know' for any question. Management system is in very unprofessional level and not orgonized. Developers' manager doesn't understand overall concepts of developing and hiring devs with backend background for frontend project. A lot of ghosts employee which is doing nothing, more truly, they come to have their lunch, drink coffee/tea, and wash their dishes afterall. There is no proper environment for testing, everything should be tested in devs' machine which is unstable and available from time to time. So many mess is in whole Sprint duration. Releases are constantly postponed due to other dependencies. this bank's new up to date web application cannot emerge because of all these kind of issues in management. If you try to open this bank web app you will see old design which is even not responsive. I wonder whether the stakeholders aware about the lame this bank application. I can continue to criticize every detail of this bank working process for a long time but want to say this bank manager could fire employee for no reason even everything is done on time and properly. Instead of appreciation employee could get fired or get stress.","TCoE test lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 18, 2019","1.0"
"Would not recommend","Not to bash them just think there a plenty of places you could be and make process and money and not feel like someone is against you and was to slow you down.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Dublin, OH","November 18, 2019","2.0"
"Lots of Turnover","Due to the quality of work and the environment at this bank, there has been a substantial amount of turnover since I started. Moreover, there does not appear to be any change coming to improve employee morale.","Security Associate","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 17, 2019","3.0"
"West orange northfield branch management was the worst","I've been in the career of banking for roughly 6 years. I've NEVER experienced such poor leadership in my life to compare to the one in this branch. I've never had a manager tell me to my face 'the business comes before you' when I express a concern of lack of work/life balance in the workplace. Due to my recent life event changes of me having to move to a different state, I applied to this bank. When I arrived to my interview 15 minutes early we'll prepared after driving for 2 hours from my hotel to get there, I was told to wait an additional 30 minutes after my scheduled time because she wasn't ready. The branch manager was completely unprofessional. She told me she's 'stretching the interview longer' within 10 minutes of the interview by adding unnecessary conversation because i told her of my drive time. On my drive back, the recruiter called me and told me I got the job after I clear for drug testing. Flash forward to me actually working at the West Orange, NJ branch... I was expected to work 6 days a week (some leave the branch at 7pm some nights)M-S, wear a suit, reach high sales goals, be a banker, be a teller... etc. The job is do-able. But when management is constantly over your shoulder, throwing mini tantrums when things don't go her way, disrespecting her colleagues... it makes you not want to come to work. After I wasn't told lunch breaks were 45 minutes not an hour, I had the manager CALL ME WHEN IM OFF THE CLOCK 50 minutes into my break to ask me to come back in. There's no space. And the fact that management didn't allow me to continue doing training & jump into - more...","Universal Banker","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","November 17, 2019","1.0"
"Too much stress for mediocre pay","Tellers were required to meet sales quotas that are unattainable. If you didn't meet the quota you would receive written warnings even if you had done everything to try to meet those quotas. The pressure they put on employees is over the top.","Teller","Former Employee","New Castle, DE","November 16, 2019","1.0"
"Great place to grow","Great place to work. Every day is different. Fast pace and could be stressful but not unbearable. As an employee you must own your career, management is there to help and coach through out the way.","Assistant Vice President - Sr. Branch Manager","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","November 15, 2019","5.0"
"Great place","I could not have been happier with my time at this bank. The company is highly committed to it's employees and goes above and beyond to both train, as well as guild them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Sharonville, OH","November 15, 2019","5.0"
"Team work"," this bank has an excellent training opportunity before taking live service calls. They have an excellent lead team support in every department. I really enjoyed working for this bank.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 15, 2019","5.0"
"I miss bank N","I loved my position at this bank. I miss it a lot! But family took priority. So unfortunately I had to leave after nearly 11 years. I loved my coworkers!","Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"If you ain't engaged, get out of the room.","Work is only fun if the team is engaged which makes the customers engaged, which in turn gets you more excited to do your job = More Money = Hopefully all customers give you 5 star reviews! = If you get anything lower, you Bonus disappears = Trash. Summary: Compared to other banks... Little Money, A lot of work, benefits are great, bonuses are fantastic (only if you get 5 star reviews), and they train you really well. I mean, REALLY WELL.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"Decent","Varies. Some leadership is better than other. Some pay favorites. Not always acknowledged for work completed. Stressful. Not always fair with all employees","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Radcliff, KY","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"One of leading banks","• Analyzed varied and complex transactions/processes utilizing standard and non-standard procedures. • Identified financial risk of potential fraud. Carefully review documentation provided by customers. • Checked replies to Bank's customers disputes quality through e-OSCAR system.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2019","4.0"
"Branch sales & service associate","stressful environment with multitasking. Management needs to improve, only cares about their numbers. Definitely need better manager who also has interest in their employees success.","Branch Sales Representative III","Current Employee","Kinnelon, NJ","November 14, 2019","3.0"
"Was lead to believe the Job was something else","I interviewed for a completely different job. While the title and description remained the same after I was hired, the actual job itself was entirely different than what I was lead to believe. If I had known beforehand what I was going to be doing, I never would have accepted the position.","Portfolio and Strategy Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2019","2.0"
"Productive and great place","Really good job that teaches you a lot when it comes to everything that you do not know much about. The training is very well organized and makes things a lot easier.","BSSR","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","November 13, 2019","5.0"
"Na","Great place to work and great coworkers. My manager was always very thoughtful and helpful and the customers were great as well. Would recommend this job.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Collinsville, IL","November 13, 2019","5.0"
"Job Duties are not as advertised or applied for leading to zero job satisfaction and career development support.","Job Duties are not as advertised or applied for leading to zero job satisfaction and career development support. The this bank group I worked for made lots of promises but failed to fulfill most of them.","Software Developer","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 13, 2019","1.0"
"It's like the book 1984","Over the time I've been here the level of micromanagement has steadily increase. Things are mandated by corporate that way. They have a department that does nothing but listen to your phone calls. You have multiple meetings that produces no results throughout the week. You never get consistent information from the people who are supposed to be there to assist branch employees. If you like to be able to think for yourself this is not the place for you.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","November 13, 2019","2.0"
"Great culture","Better than most competitors. The goals are lofty but attainable. The customer service focus and putting them at the center of all the bank does. The internal tech is lacking.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 11, 2019","5.0"
"challenging, fun","This was my second time to work for them, very good company to work for. They are very driven by sales and customer care, those are some of the most important things to excell at if you want to succeed.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","New Albany, IN","November 11, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work for until I got displaced because of business changes","The mortgage industry goes up and down and you cannot control how the business have to displace and hire. Overall they were family oriented and provided time off as needed.","Analyst","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","November 10, 2019","4.0"
"Sounds great/ not great once you get there","Told one thing before you start then it's not at all the way they said it would be. Bonus scale is a joke. They skew math to off set and calculate survey results to NOT pay you bonus. Management let's platform staff literally steal referrals (also bonus related for tellers) from tellers. And does nothing to support teller staff when happens over and over. Blatantly/favors lets bankers work their own schedule. It's gross.","Teller","Current Employee","Naples/Bonita Springs/Ft Myers FL","November 10, 2019","2.0"
"Loved this job!","I loved working at this bank. The working environment was challenging and rewarding. I learned a lot about banking and Loss Mitigation process. I would have liked to been trained in more areas.","Mortgage Default SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 9, 2019","5.0"
"Strongly professional, integrity oriented company"," this bank is a highly respected, customer focused bank that provides a positive workplace culture which encourages employees to be the best in the industry.","Senior Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","November 8, 2019","3.0"
"poor management and HR","Management was asking staffs to break written guidelines. Also upper management had their favorite managers and treated them differently than other managers. The goals and expecations are unattainable, typically over 55% of the branches don't obtain their goals.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 7, 2019","1.0"
"Fast Paced Day","Start off checking prior and current day emails from our service partners. Then open excel to prepair the Daily spreasheet containing our IDDAs. Next would come time for the teams morning Huddle. Then back to working the entries up to the 2pm deadline.","Accounting Analyst I","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 7, 2019","3.0"
"Workplace with opportunities for improvement, cultural change necessary","The overall environment was varied based on where you were working and what work you were completing. training was lacking in some areas and high management turnover. Enjoyed the work, overall.","WFM Skilling specialist","Former Employee","500 Smithfield St.","November 7, 2019","3.0"
"Bigger isn't Always Better..."," this bank has grown into a super regional Bank. From the Retail Banking viewpoint they have too many layers of management or people you have to answer to. There is a Regional manager, Market Manager along with Sales and Service Manager, Loss Prevention Manager, Business Manager, Investment Manager and Merchant Services manager. They all expect you to not only help them hit their goals, but also attend numerous sales meetings (virtual and in person) that are generally not helpful. They are closing Branches, yet direct any customers with problems encountered from phone/ email contact to their local Branch. Not a bad culture, but they expect miracles with thin staffing. Bloated back offices: analysts and IT could be outsourced to beef up the front line offices.","Vice President Branch Sales Management","Former Employee","Ohio","November 6, 2019","4.0"
"Amazing Company","The company was amazing. I loved my time here. It was time for me to move on to different opportunities given some changes in my life and I was sad to leave but every employee was amazing to work with.","Property Manager","Former Employee","West Caldwell, NJ","November 6, 2019","5.0"
"es muy facil hablar con tu jefe siempre tiene tiempo","me gusto mucho trabajar con ellos es otra forma de ver los negocio y tienen un criterio muy amplio lastima que el dólar varioconsulto y casi no tengo operaciones ya que le tienen un poco de temor a una devaluacion","Consultor Sr","Former Employee","providencia 1417","November 5, 2019","5.0"
"New employee","I was a new employee and my onboarding was very bad. Very stressful. Lack of training on policy and procedures. No mentor. Sink and swim training.","Business Center Mgr","Former Employee","Bay City, MI","November 5, 2019","1.0"
"Good","Had a very good working experience and learning new things in Salesforce application. Senior management was very co-operative and accomodative in understanding the changing dynamics.","Salesforce Quality Assurance Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 5, 2019","4.0"
"In house management seemed undertrained","The experience I had at this company was initially good. Then the new branch manager came in and created a hostile work environment. He pushed us in the wrong ways and created hostility among the lowest paid workers. He promised training and advancement then put delays on co-workers rather than making clear the circumstances of delays. Misunderstandings that could have been prevented turned into employee conflicts. He gossiped with certain employees and clients and was generally unprofessional.","Teller II","Former Employee","Georgetown, DC","November 3, 2019","2.0"
"Wonderful place to work all around. Great people. Very professional atmosphere","I moved to California or I'd still be working here. Management is top-notch. If I move back to Michigan I'll apply here again for sure. Training is very thorough and the office is clean.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 2, 2019","5.0"
"I enjoyed working at this bank","I enjoyed working at this bank. he culture was very supportive and the people were enjoyable to work with. I would definitely work at this bank again in the future and would recommend others working there both as a current job and future career.","Business Analytics Consultant Senior","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 2, 2019","5.0"
"Great place to work","I love working at this bank, and the environment. I've been able to move to different areas and expanded my knowledge very quickly.I started it on credit cards then was soon able to go to sales and I am now a loan analyst.","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","November 1, 2019","4.0"
"Branch Sales & Service Associate- underpaid and not appreciated","My time spent with the company was unorganized, unprofessional and extremely stressful. My management was not supportive of my career or growth with the company. When I was contacted by the recruiter there was no negotiating pay. I personally took a serious pay cut taking this position. 14K per year... You will be required to stay weekly for call night every Monday an hour later to try to build your book of business and clients. And also once a month on Wednesdays 2 hours later to build your investment and retirement clientele.","Service Associate I","Former Employee","Pennsylvania","October 31, 2019","1.0"
"Good company to work for","Good company to work for, excellent benefits package. Work/life balance extremely important. Great inclusive culture. Good training program to set you up for success.","Branch Service and Sales Associate","Current Employee","Malvern, PA","October 30, 2019","4.0"
"Great People with Good Goals","Great pay with few drawbacks, only downside would be potential staffing issues (under-staffing) or bad hours due to late shifts. Overall a great place to work, if you don't mind selling.","Regional Resource Teller","Former Employee","Southwest, PA","October 29, 2019","5.0"
"great","great place to work, love the environment. learned closing loans, management skills, hardest part was clients, and making calls,. i love the team work.","LOAN CLOSING ANALYST - FUNDER","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","October 29, 2019","5.0"
"Company is respectable","The company is ok to work for, there are multiple opportunities to move up if you are in the right department. Unfortunately the department I was in this is not possible.","Help Desk Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 28, 2019","3.0"
"Overall good place to work.","it's a good place to work with bankers hours so you have a set in and out time. customer satisfaction has really decreased due to a high turn over rate which puts pressure on workers to meet set sales goals","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Burlington, NC","October 27, 2019","3.0"
"Okay for a living","It started off good, but as time went on, this bank started becoming a lot like Wells Fargo before they hit rock bottom. Nonstop pressure for referrals. Pay not great. Not very easy to advance, you have to have a good word in. People treat you unfairly. Employees are so stressed over meeting goals they are starting to do things they shouldn't just to meet goals. It's getting bad at this bank.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Birmingham, AL","October 27, 2019","2.0"
"Family comes first","Good flex time hours and amazing management on location, gained valuable experience and everyone there is friendly and helpful. Professionals, teamwork makes the dream work....","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Eastwick, PA","October 25, 2019","5.0"
"It was a nice place to work for before they started trying to be competitive","They do have great products and pitch as far as a bank goes. The vacation time is reasonable and the work culture is pleasant at times. However, when it comes to hiring managers there should be a more extensive background. The assistant managers are not well trained in how they can manage others of all backgrounds and cultures in addition to not being dependable. The pay should also be increased for the amount of paper work that is done within a branch atmosphere. Why does a billion dollar company use so much paper? We are not in high school, meaning management should not micro manage because of the sales pressure they feel from their management and then put that energy onto their staff.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Milwaukee, WI","October 24, 2019","2.0"
"Productive work environment.","Good place to work. Management was not on the same page across the board. It's a place of high energy. It's an exciting place to learn about banking. I enjoyed the position. I would have liked to see management a little more involved.","Branch Sales and Services Associate","Former Employee","University Hts, OH","October 23, 2019","4.0"
"long days","at this company this has to be something that you really want to do. the work is different its the same thing ever day depending on your position. i will say if you are a people person and willing to stick it out you will like it and will stick around for a chance to grow in the company.","Independent Contractor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 22, 2019","3.0"
"A good company to work for","A good company to work for good benefits, excellent compensation for days off. lots of job opportunity and excellent maternity leave along with excellent child care assistance","Operations Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 21, 2019","4.0"
"Training","On your own for training and fellow employees were to busy to help! you had and old manual and that is what you had to reference. Management had no time for meetings or getting to gethter weekly.","Loan Processing Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 21, 2019","2.0"
"Great workplace and lot of opportunities to learn","Participating in Agile ceremonies and project delivery. Implementing Master Data Management for customer 360 degree data management. Reporting using Tableau reporting.","Senior Business IT Analyst","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 21, 2019","5.0"
"I wouldn't return"," this bank will pay you a mid level wage as their a mid level bank. Their systems were antiquated when I worked there and it made it hard to do the job. My experience here was unpleasant and I personally wouldn't recommend this organization from a retail banker perspective. I was here for 12 months and witnessed too many mid level managers leave either on their own accord or they were let go due to reorganization. Perhaps its changed since then, I hope so.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Fairfield, NJ","October 20, 2019","1.0"
"Enjoyable company to work for.","Working in a fast-paced environment while providing an outstanding customer experience was the most enjoyable part of my job. I also enjoy working with the staff on their development plans to assist with potential advancement.","Senior Operations Manager, VP - Closing","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2019","4.0"
"Participating in various events throught out the city and this bank Footprint.","I'm grateful for all of the opportunities I have had to participate in various events throughout the city and states this bank has acquired through mergers. I have grown so much working and volunteering at those events. this bank is a great company to work for and I appreciate the experience and stability I have acquired as an employee.","Banking Consultant","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2019","5.0"
"Branch manager","Being a branch manager here is beyond stressful. New things constantly added and expected to still run a branch and somehow put customers first. Needs better communication and how information is relayed to employees. When i present and issue looking for help on a solution, I do not get help.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Columbus, OH 43203","October 17, 2019","3.0"
" this bank is one of the better banks to work for","I had a very good experience at this bank for 15 years. Management has changed a bit, and become more metrics focused rather than people focused, but my experience was good."," this bank Business Banking","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2019","4.0"
"Strong sales skills required.","Company treats you well. They do push sales hard and even when you are meeting all your numbers and exceeding in your job they do not like to promote within.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Ohio","October 16, 2019","4.0"
"Productive and Fun workplace"," this bank was a fun place to work, I throughly enjoyed my time that I was bale to spend there. Unfortunatly I did have to go back to college, but the people that I worked with were incredible especially my manager.","Temporary Teller","Former Employee","Stow, OH","October 16, 2019","5.0"
"Politics is ridiculous","I was very excited to join this bank but after just a few months it became very clear that the politics and culture were unbearable. If you were not in the 'in group', you pretty much didn't have a future.","Vice President - Program Manager II","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2019","2.0"
"Friendly, business like atmosphere","The company had many on job employee benefits such as guest speakers, free luncheons and other perks. They also had employee financial incentatives such as employee stock plans. loans and savings. Extensive training and development events","Senior Loan Support Specialist I work","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 15, 2019","4.0"
"Excellent management...not enough pay.","I gave my heart to this bank and went above and beyond but was not rewarded financially for this. Promoting means moving to different departments basically and experience is not valued or retained.","Mortgage Loan Closer","Former Employee","North Side, PA","October 15, 2019","2.0"
"Great Place to start a career in banking","Very pleasant colleagues to work with. Management at my branch in Madison Heights is very caring and supportive. It can be very fast paced, but that is was makes the job challenging and builds on customer service and attention to detail. They offer full benefits including 401K to full time employees.","Banking Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Madison Heights, MI","October 14, 2019","5.0"
"No","No I decline to answer questions about this bank at this time. I enjoyed my role at the company but overall there were and are quite a bit of things I would change.","Universal Outbound Advisor","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","October 10, 2019","1.0"
"Open environment with a positive culture","The executive management team is open and trustworthy. Many meetings for some. Bright future for the company. Main buildings are renovated and have cafes of cafeterias inclu","VP","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2019","5.0"
"Poor","Too much negative to say about this company and do ot want to Express my opinion. People will find out for themselves.. Def not paid well and incentive is horrible","Sr Mortgage Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","October 10, 2019","1.0"
"It all comes down to Management","The regional manager puts up blinders. Most branch managers are great, do not work at NE unless you don't have feelings or a life. Repeatedly being told they don't care about you, call you fat, tell you constantly that you're not doing a good enough job, that you're replaceable but the regional manager and ER don't help or do anything about it - say we're being disrespectful for wanting to receive respect . Go to the west region..you won't have issues there.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","North East, PA","October 10, 2019","2.0"
"Great place to work","Excellent employer. Unfortunately, my business unit is being sold. Opportunity for advancement across many business lines. No significant footprint in the west though.","DIRECTOR, NATIONAL SALES MANAGER - RETIREMENT","Current Employee","San Francisco, CA","October 9, 2019","5.0"
"Best place to work","By far this was the best job that I ever had. They treat their employees right and compensate very well. I had to leave only because of the hours. Other than that I would have stayed.","FINANCIAL CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Long Neck Point, CT","October 9, 2019","5.0"
"Typical branch financial adviser position","Was a challenging demanding environment where you were pulled in many directions and needed to have good time management skills. Coaching and developing teammates was integral to your success.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 9, 2019","5.0"
"TERRIBLE Management!","The management at this bank is the worst I have ever experienced! I have never worked at a place where the manger talks down to her employees... even in front of other employees! She also talks ABOUT them behind their back! Going to work in the mornings is dreadfully . Throughout the day is just as bad. this bank's HUMAN RESOURCE Department really needs to reevaluate their managers! ESPECIALLY the one at Lantana and Jog in Lake Worth, FL!!","Banker","Current Employee","Lake Worth, FL","October 8, 2019","3.0"
"Pretty good environment","The only reason I left was I had a few week less than a year, my dad had cancer. He needed transportation to treatment, and I couldn't get time to do it","Teller","Current Employee","Greenwood, IN","October 8, 2019","4.0"
"Great workplace environment","The company truly pursues a healthy work environment culture that allows internal growth within the firm as well as a strong work life balance. The employees are friendly and are enjoyable to work with.","AMG Wealth Management Analyst Intern","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","October 8, 2019","4.0"
"Good place to start","You'll learn a lot and get great benefits. Compensation not the best raises were rare. It is a good company to start off at I didn't have much opportunity to grow there.","Senior Operations Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 7, 2019","4.0"
"Loved the job","Made 1 mistake and was let go felt I should have received a warning or suspended but not let go. The customer does not always tells the truth. I would return in a heart beat.","Branch Sales And Service Associate","Former Employee","Hertford, NC","October 7, 2019","4.0"
"Workplace"," this bank is an institution where they do very well to develop an individual into their role. They offer lots of training and mentor-ship that will provide you with the skill needed to advance.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Bayonne, NJ","October 6, 2019","3.0"
"Operations","▪ Extracts remittances based on standard operating procedures. Responsible for maintaining specific productivity and quality levels. May require some operation and basic ten key skills. ▪ Ensures the appropriate materials, documentation and capacity are available to complete transactions. ▪ Reviews transactions and related documents and verifies work processes to ensure completeness, accuracy and conformance to established service levels and applicable policies and procedures.","Lockbox Processor","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 6, 2019","4.0"
" this bank should not be a stressful place to work at.ork at.","Good place to work at. I don't think tellers should have a lot of stress about selling bank products. And consistently calling and repeatley asking the same customers over and over about a bank product that they already said no to. And diffently not investments. Tellers should be able to go to work not worrying about if they are going to get written up for sales not meet. And not getting a raise because they dodnt meet their goal.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Saginaw, MI","October 5, 2019","4.0"
"Asheville Region","-Little room for advancement. -Management doesn't address issues promptly. +2 weeks vacation to start plus sick time. +Pension. +Corporate emphasis on diversity and inclusion.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Asheville, NC","October 5, 2019","3.0"
"Extreme negative sales pressure","Heavy sales pressure, employees are scolded and berated as form of motivation. Employees are short staffed, not enough staffing to take time to explore needs and follow up with clients like a true salesperson. Instructed to rush through so no client has to wait. Thus, impossible sales goals.","Sales Associate","Current Employee","Michigan","October 4, 2019","1.0"
"My Experience","I loved my job. Everyone was always supportive. The pay was nice and I was able to live off of my salary. As long as you did your job they left you alone.","Escalations Representative","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2019","5.0"
"Awful","MAJOR favoritism and nepotism at this company. Managers are rude, lazy, and lack knowledge and HR will not support you if you report issues against management. Training is awful and the work equipment is garbage. There seems to always be something broken and at times customers are intentionally inconvenienced (without their knowledge) when the company wants to 'test'something new.","QUALITY ANALYST","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","October 3, 2019","1.0"
" this bank Trust Tax Services","The most enjoyable part of the job was learning the complexities of preparing Form 1041 / 706 Trust and Estates tax returns. It helps have a strong 1040 individual background.","Trust Accountant II","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","October 3, 2019","5.0"
"Great Experience","Through my experiences at this bank, I've had the opportunity to be a part of a thriving company in a heavily regulated industry. The growth opportunities, however, are usually awarded to younger, less seasoned employees and the salary increases are minimal within the cost side of the organization. The revenue-generating lines of business offer more opportunities.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 3, 2019","4.0"
"Was work at home associate","Job was extremely stressful, training was ok. supervisor/team leader worked from home as well, had his office in his bedroom with a screen up behind him (partially), but it was very unprofessional! It was creepy!","Work from Home Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 3, 2019","3.0"
"Okay place to work"," this bank was a good place to work. I loved my staff and got alone with mostly everyone. You will be over worked once they see what you actually are willing to do so I suggest you just do your job and nothing more. It was stressful at times and I felt like I couldn't get a moment to myself from emails to all employees asking me questions as soon as I walk in. My position was teller lead and I was really good at my job. They had okay benefits and lunch's were okay. They are sales driven just like any other bank and they take the surveys that customers write very seriously. They scale of the surveys are horrible. If you get one bad one then your a red employee an you will be put on a warning.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 3, 2019","3.0"
"great place to work"," this bank is a great company to work for and great for advancement if business and finance is a passion and career goal. the workplace culture is respectable and they have good values as a company.","Banker","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","October 2, 2019","5.0"
"Motivated teams and lots of timelines in regulatory work","Motivated teams and lots of timelines in regulatory work. IT has to support many lines of businesses with upstream and downstream data processing, so there'll be a lot of meetings, but many of the employees are sharp and great to work with.","Technical Business Systems Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 1, 2019","5.0"
"Don't apply unless you want to be micro managed and have to sell products to every customer every time.","Co workers are fabulous. Upper management doesn't care about employees. Turn over is consistent. Think twice about applying..Policies prevent you from helping people.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Huntsville, AL","October 1, 2019","2.0"
"Family business","Very family oriented. fair. non stress work environment. Pride strong community. Community strong. I really enjoyed working for this company they are flexable and work with you","BRANCH SUPPORT REP","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 30, 2019","5.0"
"Good Place to work and learn","Constantly learning new technologies: Openshift, Jenkins, Docker, Kunernetes, Mongo DB, Angular7, micros services, micro ui...and much more. Management is friendly, understanding and there is room for advancement. The environment is collaborative, knowledge sharing is continuous.","Software Developer Lead","Current Employee"," this bank 2 Tech Tower Downtown Pittsburgh","September 29, 2019","4.0"
" this bank was a temporary job for me even though I was there full time","I was in between jobs when I accepted that job I had been layed off from Ohio saving after 12 years and I needed a job so that where this bank came in at. I stay there maybe I year","Production Worker","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 28, 2019","3.0"
"A good company to work for - family oriented, fun and fast paced","Every day is different, lots of opportunities to learn outside of the constant ongoing bank required training, very inclusive culture. Its always fun to meet new people and help them wiht their financial and mortgage needs.","Mortgage Office Administrative Assistant","Former Employee","Newport News, VA","September 28, 2019","4.0"
"The location I was placed in was very racist including the people I had to work with.","The location I was at made the entire corporation look bad when it comes to equality on race. The location I was placed at needs to be reviewed and monitored, not to mention shut down completely.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Homer Glen, IL","September 28, 2019","1.0"
"Good for people who like sales"," this bank loves to tell their employees that they do not sales push. I am here to tell you other wise. I am aware that in banking there needs to be money coming in in order to grow. However, It is shoved down our throats that we need to click the 'insight' button for each and every client that comes in. The insight button is an automated message that tells you what to say to the client in regards to opening new accounts, credit cards, investments and so on. If you do not click the insight button you are reprimanded. They pull numbers to see how many transactions you did, how many times you clicked the button, and if the client got any new products. It is very stressful. Bonuses? HAH. They tell you that you can get incentive pay if you receive 5 stars on surveys....never got that. It is a total score for the entire branch. If one person receives a not so good review you can kiss that bonus good bye. They make a lot of promises but honestly they make it impossible to reach their expected goals. I am grateful for the experience, but I will never work in Banking again.","TELLER","Former Employee","Florida","September 28, 2019","2.0"
"Competitive but inclusive work environment","Great sense of team but highly competitive. Plenty of room for advancement. Management is very transparent. Incentives are easily achieved with a self starter attitude.","Universal Banking Specialist","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","September 28, 2019","5.0"
"fast pace and great place for a self starter","By developing great skill sets to leverages products and services to increase the financial well being of clients and build long lasting relationships.","Financial Consultant II","Current Employee","Frederick, MD","September 27, 2019","5.0"
"Good Company","Good company when I started 1989 to 2018, some things have changed for better and worst. Salary and raises could b better. But over all I loved working with the people at this bank, and they do not discriminate.","Accounting Assistant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 27, 2019","5.0"
"HR Nightmare","Worst HR department I've ever dealt with. No support or assistance with issues. Didn't get to actually do 50% of my job. Supervisor was unqualified and incompetent. Pay was significantly less than competitors. When contacted a lawyer over the circumstances surrounding my departure, was informed that while my case wasn't well suited for him, he had SEVERAL in progress with the company and gave me advice on how to potentially pursue legal action.","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Michigan","September 26, 2019","2.0"
