1500,"fast paced enviornment","Benefits are great Management is professional, coworkers are friendly some days are very busy and some days slow during downtime we can get extra training.","Card Loss Prevention","Current Employee","North Carolina","May 31, 2019","5.0"
1501,"It was a very supporting fun place to work"," this bank was a great place to do my internship, I was able to learn a lot and was given a great amount of support to do my daily job.The training program was great! as it was long and extensive on auditing.","Field Exam Intern","Former Employee","Dallas, TX","May 31, 2019","5.0"
1502,"Conservative Bank"," this bank is a large, conservative bank. Credit/risk runs the show. It is a well run and well managed bank. Corporate culture was toxic at times with new managers coming in to our business unit. Didn't make for a productive environment. That said, lots of quality employees.","Vice President","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 31, 2019","4.0"
1503,"Branch Employee","Working at the branch was an easy if somewhat boring day to day job. There was never quite enough work to keep you busy all times of the day and the opportunities for advancement were difficult with most branches having a veteran staff who were content with their placement unless you wanted to move to a branch with over an hour commute time.","Branch Sales And Service Representative","Former Employee","Brownstown, MI","May 30, 2019","4.0"
1504,"n/a","same if your boss has an issue with you you don't get paid senior and to get bonus you depend on the customers if they like you or not and if they are in a good mood","Bilingual Banking Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2019","3.0"
1505,"Good place to work, very corporate.","Definition corporate banking job. Its great money for lower positions such as tellers (full benefits for full time and partial benefits for part time). Cool people just very structured.","Client Solutions Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2019","5.0"
1506,"Working for this bank","Overall is good, the only thing that I don't like is the salary. Salary is too poor for the amount of responsibility you have to deal with. Then advancement is possible but they don't offer you much money to advance you."," this bank","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA","May 29, 2019","4.0"
1507,"Management HARASSES you to sell","Most stressful job I have ever had. At the end I was having panic attacks every morning before walking in to start my shift. I felt harassed by Management to meet quotas. I do not have a problem referring and selling. The majority of our clients were Elderly and on a fixed income. I could not sell lines of credit to them, that they could not afford. I couldn't sell home equity lines of credit to people who were renting, mostly in a fixed income complex. The pay is a SLAP IN THE FACE! I made a little over $9 at the end.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 29, 2019","1.0"
1508,"Work environment has changed","Flexible work time was removed last year, now the best employees are leaving. It's a shame, it used to be a pretty good place to work, and it wasn't a big deal that it paid less.","General staff","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","May 28, 2019","2.0"
1509,"Wouldn't recommend unless desperate","Besides the other employees at the branch where I worked and my manager it was very stressful. The support was the worst, I've worked in previous banks and when needing to contact support were always reliable. Then comes this bank and all they do is email you a link and be like there you go. Defeats the purpose of calling and requesting support. This place has the worst training, it's broken off in monthly or bimonthly training sessions. So while you're already working at the branch taking care of some customers with other it's like I can't help you with that despite working here for more than 3 months I haven't done my training to use the software to open an account, or be able to submit an application for another 2 months once you do training on loans.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Georgia","May 28, 2019","2.0"
1510,"Big bank culture, without the perks","Immediate work group is great and very supportive but there are a lot of managers and you are constantly being pulled in many different directions. The work life balance is great and the pay is average.","Sales Assistant","Former Employee","Millburn, NJ","May 27, 2019","4.0"
1511,"Good company to work for. Good opportunities to learn & advance","Best WorkPlace For Women & Diverse Managers, Diversity MBA Magazine. -100 Best Companies for Working Mothers, Working Mother Magazine. -Top 100 Sustainable Companies in the World, Corporate Knights. -Top 20 Most Generous Fortune 500 Companies","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 25, 2019","5.0"
1512,"Ok place to work was a basic job people come and go and some stay","Ok job but has very high turn over rate and they lack in training you adequately and will terminate the role you are hired for and give a new role without proper notice","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 24, 2019","1.0"
1513,"Great place to work","Loved working part time - great customers and staff. They care about your career and give you lots of opportunities for advancement. Only wish they had branches in Nashville","RETAIL BANKING OPERATIONS","Former Employee","North Canton, OH","May 24, 2019","4.0"
1514,"Not ver productive","The job was very insecure and a lot of sales pressures. The local management was very uncooperative. To get advise from the management was always discouraged and shrugged off saying ' take responsibility'. Specially for new employee, the help and professional assistance from the local management was none. Too much responsibility with too little training and assistance. The division of responsibility was not fair and evenly shared.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Vienna, VA","May 24, 2019","1.0"
1515,"Branch Management","Responsible for all aspects of branch production and personnel. Extensive overtime with poor support from higher management. Great place to meet and get to know the community but continuously met and competed with other managers in same region for customers and business.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Whippany, NJ","May 23, 2019","1.0"
1516,"Its what you make of it","All of the tools are there for advancement and growth you just have to go get it they will give you enough rope to hang your self but the opportunity is there","Loan Servicing Specialist","Current Employee","Virtual","May 23, 2019","5.0"
1517,"Upper Management is terrible","I was sexually harassed and cursed out by customers when I brought it to their attention I was told 'just don't wait on those clients.' I worked hard coming in when the street were paved with ice. The new Regional manger was terrible,she would look me up and down. She clearly didn't care for me.","Assistant Branch Manager II","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","May 23, 2019","1.0"
1518,"Good Company to Work for overall","Enjoyed my time working for the company. Overall good management time and ample on the job training. I only left the company for a better opportunity. It was an opportunity for more growth and ability to make more money."," this bank Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Suwanee, GA","May 23, 2019","4.0"
1519,"Accounting and Finance Professionals Beware"," this bank is the place for you if you value highly charged political environments, 1% to 2% raises, stagnant career development and advancement, poor management, red tape, and outdated systems. Definitely apply for a role in one of the businesses if nightmarish forecasting and budgeting processes presided over by micro-managers is your thing, People who are not able to do more with less while warding off armies of risk and internal audit professionals need not apply.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 23, 2019","2.0"
1520,"Great company to work for!!","In regards to my position and the company as a whole. It has been a relatively positive experience. I have enjoyed my time with the company so far. With a few ups and downs with management cant complain.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","May 23, 2019","5.0"
1521,"Opportunity to work from home","Honestly this was a Good experience, I worked from home and was able to help thousands of people. This added to life perspectives. Unfortunately team leads and management will not actually be there for you. They will give you advice but not solid advice, if you do make a mistake. It will take them a very long time to help you and you could possibly get fired for simple mistakes. Training is very vague..... you will learn everything you need to know once this bank throws you into the game.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Battle Creek, MI","May 23, 2019","4.0"
1522,"great opportunities","great opportunities follow you. the system is made in a way to appreciate and recognize every move . there is a fare amount of trainings for different topics that could help in getting better results.","Service Associate","Current Employee","South Palm Beach, FL","May 22, 2019","4.0"
1523,"Benefits"," this bank offers a top level benefit program and provides PM's the opportunity to work from home 2-days per week. Working at home provides the opportunity to reduce stress from being in the office.","Program Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 22, 2019","3.0"
1524,"compensation was very unfair","with a position as such and the demand to service the branches a guaranteed salary needs to be given. the new system for LOS was not user friendly and the training was minimal.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","DuBois, PA 15801","May 22, 2019","1.0"
1525,"Last resort of Banks to work for","Employed 3 years, wasn't trying to make career of it. pay was ok at first . Based on your yearly performance you may get a raise here and there but they are the lowest paying banks. It's all about politics with this company. at least the Baltimore region that is. you won't advance unless you sucker up to the big wigs and Exceed sale goals. They definitely are all about the numbers. forget the effort . Overall the managers suck. Yes they are under a lot of pressure but majority of them aren't qualified. Managers don't know how to be respectful or simple duties of the job but are hired but then leave or fired not to long after. The benefits are ok, not for if you have a big family. They definitely are conniving. Don't trust anyone . If the company feels like your time has come to an end or whatever the case they will find something to terminate you over, no warning or anything. Doesn't matter how long you have been there or sales or good employee. A lot of secretive unexplainable things will happen and nothing you can do. All they care about is revenue. And give you a little tiny raise to make up for treating you like nothing. Personal life is out the Question. There would be some that would work every day and weekend. But Ofcourse not allowed overtime. Job was very draining and led a lot of people to depression or quitting. Definitely do not stay longer than 1 or 2 yrs if you wanna maintain your sanity. Get the training and leave as soon as you can, preferably another bank . They'll pay more and be happy you're already experienced.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","May 22, 2019","2.0"
1526,"nice place to work","• Effectively manage all of the risks associated with the business objectives and activities. • Knowledge of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions. • Awareness of successful approaches, tools, and techniques for dealing with changes and adapting to a fluctuating environment; aptitude to adapt as needed. • Ability to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions. • Understanding of and capability to bring a reported problems to successful resolution.","Client Solutions Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 21, 2019","4.0"
1527,"I enjoyed my job","If I hadn't have quit to be a caregiver for my grandparents before my grandfather passed I would still be working there. But I was needed and it was very important to me to help them.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Port Richey, FL","May 21, 2019","4.0"
1528,"Decent","Very laid back company. This is a subdivision of this bank, but it's not as professional. Good work environment as in the people that work here. Lots of opportunity with different job titles.","Client Solution Specialist Sr","Current Employee","Horsham, PA","May 21, 2019","4.0"
1529,"Balanced and Supportive","There are a lot of benefits the this bank offers. They have a wellness program that is highly beneficial with other resources as well for things such as adoption support, counseling support, with may others.","Teller","Former Employee","Jackson, MI","May 21, 2019","4.0"
1530,"Depends on the department no work life balance."," this bank offers on line training courses. Promotion is very unlikely depending on the department you are in. Benefits could be better for the monthly premium you pay. Once you are displaced or laid off very seldom do you get hire back within a year. Recruiter assigned to assist with the lay off and help placement is a joke. No assistance at all. Departments in other areas claim they promote within. No offers once you are displaced. Bank is known to mass hire for projects and lay-off after projects are done.","Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","2.0"
1531,"Overall it is a good place to work.","There could continue to be more work on diversity and inclusion as the job grades get higher. Also, would like to see more opportunites for growth for existing employees.","Operations Production and Support Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","4.0"
1532,"Good Company","I enjoyed my time at this bank NA. I only left due to a poor management situation in my internal audit role. I would like to work for this company again someday in the future.","Regional Supervisory Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","5.0"
1533,"I liked this position","My immediate supervisor was racist and didn'tblike me because I don't have a religion, butbother than that i really loved this job. Creating and tailoring letters of credit was really fun.","Tsr its stblc","multiple positions","Pittsburgh, PA","May 20, 2019","3.0"
1534,"this bank is the best"," this bank is one of the best employer to work for. With over 6 weeks of parental leave, and a constant focus on the employees, i would highly recommend this bank.","Service Representative","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","May 19, 2019","5.0"
1535,"n/a"," this bank was an amazing experience. Thank you for the chance as a first time employer ever. this bank was a great learning mark in my life. I recommend this bank bank","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","May 19, 2019","5.0"
1536,"Good People, Stressful workplace","I worked at two different this bank's within the 1 year that I worked there. I worked in Dayton Oho, on Main street and then in Pittsburgh my hometown. this bank was the first job I got out of college. It wasn't in my field but I felt it was a great job to start out with, and a way to learn and network. I learned a lot working at this bank, I barely new how to read large numbers, right out checks, I didn't know what a cash advanced was or money market. So I'm very thankful for what I learned. But both managers I had made the job extremely stressful. My manger in Ohio was very demanding, intimidating, and rude. Several workers left the branch under her watch, My manager in Pittsburgh wasn't really a team player and she was never in the branch, it seemed like she would purposely make herself busy so she wouldn't have to be around us or customers, She was very back and fourth with rules. People kept leaving and transferring from that branch to . including our lead teller, so once she left me and one other girl had to basically be the lead teller and take on all the responsibilities without being paid extra or being trained really.","Teller","Former Employee","Dayton, OH","May 19, 2019","3.0"
1537,"Lots of opportunities","Lots of career advancement opportunities. Overall excellent company values and ideals. Company culture is all about community involvement and maintaining an excellent reputation in the marketplace","Business Analysis Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 19, 2019","4.0"
1538,"Horrible place to work","This place paid descent the supervisors were rude and very condescending, not understanding at all it was like high school. It's a great place for someone straight out of college","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 18, 2019","3.0"
1539,"Such an amazing opportunity","Before I first started with this bank I was a small town shop manager. This company gave me the opportunity to grow up and become the person I've wanted to be. Pay could always be higher but with the sales opportunity you're able to make as much money as you want if you want it bad enough.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Indiana","May 17, 2019","5.0"
1540,"Overall a great career","It is a fantastic starting career with large amounts of growth as long as you are a disciplined person. The job is not hard as long as you crack down on the metrics and really focus on the goals within the job. Management is fantastic and 100% all about their employees comfort as well as customers.","Tier II Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","9th st Kalamazoo mi","May 17, 2019","5.0"
1541,"No comment","I worked as a personal banker here. I enjoyed the personal relationships I built with clients. I gained a lot of experience and excelled at product sales.","Services Associate","Former Employee","Clifton Heights, OH","May 17, 2019","2.0"
1542,"review."," this bank is a great financial institution from a consumer's standpoint. From the stand point of a former employee, it is a very big head ache. All this bank focuses on is Credit Card and Credit Cards, oh and more credit cards. It seems like a place that focuses on helping it's clients but it seems that is not the case when the only recognition people receive is abut how many credit cards they put into peoples pockets.","Financial Wellness Consultant","Current Employee","NC","May 17, 2019","2.0"
1543,"Good job while I am in school.","I've been at this bank for 2 years, and I've been full time for 1 year. My branch is great, everyone is super friendly and helpful. However, my BM isn't the best... Yes there are goals you have to meet but they aren't breathing down my neck to meet them. I mostly know all my clients that come in so once you get the hang of it and get familiar, selling products will come naturally. This was my first bank job.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Palm Beach Gardens, FL","May 16, 2019","5.0"
1544,"Typical day","Typical day is high energy, fast service, meet lots of different people, a lot of business owners.I learned how to be patient and listen to the customer no matter if they are right or wrong, never say I can't and to always give them more than option.","Teller","Current Employee","Whitehall Township, PA","May 16, 2019","5.0"
1545,"Okay place to work, management sucks","Make decent money but the management doesn't want you to advance and become better. You can have the best performance for the month and still can't get the shift you want, the position you want etc. All they do is micromanage & be in your business.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 15, 2019","3.0"
1546,"this bank","I really appreciate and thank you so much for all of the opportunities this company has provided me which has not only helped but, is helping me to grow technically, professionally as well as personally. I have learned so much in these past 2 years (and still learning from this great place), and will never forget the kindness of management and all of my colleagues. Makepositve is just filled with lots of opportunities at every level of career. Awesome people to work with, always ready to help, encourage and support... be it technical or personal. Manager: Has always been a friend more than a Manager.","Senior Client Solution Specialist","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 15, 2019","4.0"
1547,"Blah","The company was great when I first started but changed a lot of the last several years after the other large bank got into trouble and fined! Not as fun as it used to be all about numbers all the time","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Springfield, IL","May 14, 2019","3.0"
1548,"Nice environment to work.","They were constantly laying people off and threatening to lay off, even recently hired people. Other than lack of job security it was a nice place to work.","Claims Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 14, 2019","4.0"
1549,"Not a Good place for Work/ Life Balance","Not a Good place for Work/ Life Balance. I was hired as a permanent employee to work at the Branch in North Seminole county, not as a float staff. They would wait until I got to the office to tell me they needed me in West Orange County. The drive alone was over an hour. They should have let me know the day prior if there was a staffing issue. If I said anything about it I was pulled in the office and told I was not a team player and that I was embarrassing the manager.","Consumer Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Sanford, FL","May 14, 2019","3.0"
