6750,"Productive encouraging environment.","A typical day at work consists of assisting customers with their day to day financial goals and needs. Ordering supplies for the branch, building relationships with business clients as well as creating a business partnership with them. Working directly with our commercial banking officers to create more opportunity for the customers as well as our branch. Setting up onsite meetings and events. Working with loss prevention and the back office to minimize banking errors as well as fraud prevention. Creating flyers for upcoming branch events. Training new hires (not only for my location).The best part of my job is that I can build relationships with business as well as their employees to create a partnership. I was able to learn and grow on my own because of all the information that is readily available to all of the employees.We work as a team. My main objective is to assist my coworkers with policy and procedures, branch operations, prospecting new clients, making monthly goal contests to boost productivity, working with excel, lotus notes and microsoft word to help keep all the employees engaged at all times. Organizing and maintaining daily branch appearance. Daily closing/opening procedures. Cash balancing. The ability to be able to assist and be capable of helping out all aspects of the day to day bank operations.","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","August 21, 2012","4.0"
6751,"Competitive and results oriented","Advise current book clients regularly on important financial decisions that affect the overall success of there business. Manage overall risk for the bank when providing solutions to clients. Provide lending, deposit, and treasury management solutions. Experience developer and leader of people.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Akron/Canton OH","August 21, 2012","5.0"
6752,"Fast pace work environment where superb employees are valued for their contributions","The branch I managed was moderately busy. The typical day began with me checking my e-mail and reviewing my 'must do' list. On days that I opened the branch, I arrived at 8:30 AM, and opened the doors for business at 8:55AM (our market manager urged that we try to open the branch 5 minutes early). As a Financial Sales Consultant III, I was responsible for achieving and surpassing company issued sales goals through direct sales, cold-calling, and establishing off-site opportunities. In addition to the sales aspect of my position, I also had an active role in managing the branch. The management aspect of my job included: training and developing our tellers and CSA, assisting the branch manager in establishing our annual budget, handling escalated issues, and loss avoidance.My branch was located in the Anacostia neighborhood located in South East Washington, DC. There was a good mix of government employees and locals. One thing I learned is that residents of lower to moderate income level neighborhoods do not expect much from the professionals that work in their neighborhoods. In the beginning of my career at King Avenue, many people were skeptical of my intentions, particularly the amount of time I planned to remain at that branch. Many of the previous managers tenure lasted less than six months. Many of my clients also expressed how they experienced a higher level of customer service at branches in north west compared to south east. I was never the type to show preferential treatment to a group based on their income level. I assured clients that they will experience the same - more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Washington, DC","August 21, 2012","4.0"
6753,"productive place to work","post payments to customer accounts. The jjob was not hard, there was no room for growth .","Extractor","Former Employee","College Park, GA","August 21, 2012","3.0"
6754,"Great place to begin your banking career and gain experience.","Market banking products and services to small-medium size business. Managed and service existing clients but spend most of my day cold calling. New household and retention is key at this company. Senior Management has recently changed and the culture is changing at this company.","Commerical Business Sales Representative II","Current Employee","West Orange, NJ","August 17, 2012","5.0"
6755,"Great place to work","*7 hour days*learned about the banking world*great management*coworkers are good people*Hardest part is nasty customers*enjoyable part is it's an easy job that pays the bills","Customer Service","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","August 16, 2012","5.0"
6756,"Productive fun coworkers","I open accounts, complete loans and credit card applications, sales, make call, assist with customers problems, problem solve, work on the teller line, cash and deposit checks, make payments, and several other duties.I learn something new everyday, and enjoy my coworker. The hardest part of my job is the sales part, and the most enjoyable is making my customers happy!","Customer Service Associate","Current Employee","Pataskala, OH","August 15, 2012","4.0"
6757,"A fun and active place to work.","Great management. Chances to move up. Flexible schedule. Hardest part of the job was to meet account goals, but it is manageable.","Operational Manager","Current Employee","Manassas Park, VA","August 15, 2012","5.0"
6758,"Boring","• Coordinate with branch staff by providing support in opening accounts, processing loan applications, and cross selling products• Market new services and promotions to present to customers as well as obtain new customers• Provide award winning customer service and maintain member satisfaction• Employ security measures and system controls to ensure funds are not compromised• Maintain operational transactions and customer information in the electronic database","Customer Sales Associate Banker","Former Employee","North Aurora, IL","August 14, 2012","3.0"
6759,"Fast paced , challenging , deadline oriented","Hardest part of the job is the repetitive stuff-It is not really hard but frustrating having to constantly re-educate service partners on bank procedures and policies","Operations Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 13, 2012","5.0"
6760,"Disappointed","I had heard so many great things about this bank that when I was hired on I was excited to go work for them. It has been a nightmare from day one. The training was a disaster. this bank has recently acquired another bank and the trainer was a part of the former and barely knew the systems that were being oresented in class! I get to the branch after a week and a half of 'I'm not sure how this bank does this your branch can probably tell you' and it got even worse. The other tellers have been rude and constantly complain that the bank is difficult and not as wonderful as the previous...the customers are all confused about the products and what happened to the previous bank. A typical day here? In a single word: frustrating.","Teller","Former Employee","Somewhere, NC","August 13, 2012","1.0"
6761,"Productive and fun environment","I loved this job. The pay was great. There was always room for growth. my co-workers were very social and friendly.","Data Entry","Former Employee","College Park, GA","August 12, 2012","4.0"
6762,"I am a very efficient and productive worker.","A typical day at this bank? Honestly there isn't one. Each loan package we process is different. There is always something that may need research a bit further before the loan can be set up.At Kohl's every day is different as well. Working retail is so different than my position at the bank.","Commercial Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 12, 2012","5.0"
6763,"20 Years of Experience in the Banking Industry","I have worked for this bank (Formerly bank N Bank) for the last 20 years primary in the Loss Prevention Operation areas. Recently our department got notice that are jobs will be relocated as result of this bank recent restructuring and elimination of 23 positions, including mine, I am exploring new opportunities.","Operations Senior Fraud Analyst","Current Employee","Indianapolis Indiana","August 11, 2012","5.0"
6764,"Review","I've been able to work with some really interesting people. working with this bank has greatly influenced me in a lot of ways professionally and personally. I have built a friendly environment with my co-workers and have enjoyed my stay with the bank. They said that the most important things in your job is loving what you do and having fun while doing it. I have loved and have enjoyed my job and in fact I continually improve myself for me to effectively perform my work.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Dulles, VA","August 10, 2012","5.0"
6765,"this bank","great employer as far as work life balance but the pay is not that good.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","United States","August 9, 2012","3.0"
6766,"Enjoyable","Enjoyed everyone that I worked with. Safe work environment.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","United States","August 8, 2012","3.0"
6767,"Enjoyed learning a new skill.","Fast-paced and busy. I learned how to use a ten-key encorder machine for the first time. It was exciting. Management was fair and patient with new employee. Co-workers showed a willingness to help when it was allowed. The hardest part was sitting around at times waiting for the next batch of work to arrive. The most enjoyable part was when all the work was finished before it was expected to be completed.","Check Encorder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 7, 2012","4.0"
6768,"Great Place to work","I love working for this bank. Great people and great work place all the way around.","Loan Disbursement Analyst","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","August 7, 2012","5.0"
6769,"this bank is a wonderful company. The general culture supports growth and education.","A typical day at this bank involves being prepared for anything. For example, as a manager, I am directly involved in solving and resolving customer and employee issues, prospecting new business opportunities, risk management, employee engagement, and many other challenges.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Erie, Pa","August 6, 2012","5.0"
6770,"this bank values its employees","Best company that I have ever worked for. This company recognizes talent and helps you to excel in your area of expertise. The company has the best training program and once your done with training you leave knowing exactly how to perform your job with confidence. Its big in the community.","Bank teller","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","August 6, 2012","5.0"
6771,"Review","Handling 15 - 20 calls from clients a day. Provided Phone, Remote and Deskside support.I gained knowledge with Credant encryption and Cisco VPN software.Also gained additional knowledge with Office 2003 and 2007 and Windows XP, Lotus Notes and remote software.Management was very receptive to ideas and questions.Excellent co-workers. Very relaxed environment. Provided valuable knowledge.Trying to assist clients over the phone could be frustrating.Being able to solve client hardware and software problems.","Desktop Support","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 6, 2012","5.0"
6772,"Great Company to work for","Typical day is working to value alternative investments for trusts. Learned valuable investment objectives that are used by investment officers to manage trust goals.Work with a very experienced team with challenges everyday in accounting, finance, and personal investments. Enjoy the ability to help the process improve.","Special Assets Investment Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 5, 2012","4.0"
6773,"Review"," this bank bought RBC, my position was displaced, they would be a good company to work for.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","August 4, 2012","4.0"
6774,"The company itself has great standards","I was hired as a LFSC which is just a fancy way of saying a licensed personal banker. My time was supposed to be 60% retail banking and 20% investments. My branches assigned Financial Advisor viewed me as his personal secretary/assistant even though he was supposed to be mentoring and grooming me to become a financial advisor. After sitting in four of his appointments I soon realized he had no idea what he was talking about and often made up his background and history in the financial world to set clients at ease. My manager and my Financial Advisor would get into arguments about who was 'truly in charge of me' and it quickly felt like I was a number and not a valued employee. Of course it would of helped if there was a clear definitive job description out there for my position from the bank, there wasn't. The job description was very vague and was left open to interpretation by management. Management was very much the byproduct of a previous acquisition of a prior bank. Some management from TWO acquisitions ago. Bottom line those banks got bought out for a reason and a lot of the prior management lack the customer service and sales balance that the company so rightfully has earned in prior awards and review. The company itself is OUTSTANDING but it's employee base needs to be reviewed and weeded out. All the way through to HR. One representative in particular. The whole branch pretty much turned a teller in for incentive fraud as she was fraudulently getting credit. For referrals. The manager had no backbone (his own self admittance that he would much rather motivate than to - more...","Licensed Finacial Sales Consultant II","Former Employee","Saint Charles, IL","August 4, 2012","3.0"
6775,"working with this bank is very good.","it's a lot of fun working with clients and respond to their needs, the day at work is not bad at all.","Collateral Loan Analyst","Current Employee","East brunswick NJ","August 2, 2012","4.0"
6776,"Good place to work","I had several positions during my time at this bank. I enjoyed working with customers.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 2, 2012","3.0"
6777,"This is an ever changing and fast growing company across the country.","While I enjoy working at this bank, the room for growth and advancement within my specific work location is very limited. I enjoy the challenges that my position awards me wich makes it easy to complete my work day effortlessly. As a team, the whole department works together to meet daily deadlines with a friendliness and helpfulness that creates an atmosphere of pride in what we all do. The hardest part of my position is the occasional lack of work to be completed. While I would love to continue my position with this bank, unfortunately, our entire processing site will be phased out in the near future due to new technologies introduced to the bank. As I continue to view other positions with the company, I am also exploring other possible opportunities outside of this bank.","Adjustment Specialist","Current Employee","Linthicum, MD","August 1, 2012","3.0"
6778,"Fun work Enviornment","Large Regional Bank with great exposure and customer experience","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 30, 2012","4.0"
6779,"Take it from me: not as advertised"," this bank may be named 'One of the 100 Best Places to Work' by major ratings and magazines, but ask most fellow employees, at least in Florida, and you will get an argument. This bank runs their Investments business model as a singular, centralized monolith. Florida's demographics and overall investment market creates a much, much different proposition than Pittsburgh, Cleveland, or many of the other major cities up north where this bank is arguably one of the dominant forces. Their managed money model may work well for them with the emerging affluent markets in those cities, but it ignores a huge opportunity with the senior citizens that dominate down in Florida who could care less about anyone charging them a fee to babysit their accumulated assets. Simply put; their model doesn't fit FL - a fact that falls on deaf ears with Senior Management at HQ back in PA, and that's why this bank cannot keep good people but instead keeps turning over their Advisors and their Management Team in the Sunshine State.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","July 29, 2012","2.0"
6780,"Great learning experience","One of the best training programs in the country-- includes 6 weeks of credit training and other 1-week trainings throughout the first two years.","Corporate Banking Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 29, 2012","4.0"
6781,"Mainly production oriented workplace","The analyst and operators are overall great to work with. The managers need to learn not to micro manage and speak to employees. this bank would be a great place to work for if people learn to work together instead of against each other","Compliance Supervisor I","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 26, 2012","3.0"
6782,"It was an ok company to work for.","There was a lot of stress working for this employer because we were under-staffed.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, Pa.","July 26, 2012","3.0"
6783,"Very diverse duties.","A typical day at this job was contact with customers concerning their accts, lost checks, no signatures, no deposit slips, no address or acct number on ATM deposits. I was also responsible for a number of administrative duties, phones, data entry ect.","Customer Service","Former Employee","West Orange, NJ","July 26, 2012","4.0"
6784,"Lots of work no recognition","Learned a lot and I was lucky to have a good manager. Mortgage is still growing mud level management is poor. Pay is mediocre","Quality Analyst III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2012","3.0"
6785,"Complete professional environment","Every day is very interesting and challenging, liked it, Learned more skills, specially migrating from 10g to 11g, i had a nice relationship with management, nothing was really hard, few are time taking like bug fixing, but i always stay update, i enjoy working in a team.","Miamisburg Head-Quarters, OH","Current Employee","Miamisburg Head-Quarters, OH","July 25, 2012","5.0"
6786,"Satisfactory work enviroment, training needs to be more consistent.","Meets expectations with concentrated efforts on productivity","Commercial Loan Document Review Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2012","3.0"
6787,"productive organized teamwork environment","answer customer calls, gather documents together for a loan closing, talk to the BDO to see if he has been in contact with other borrowers regarding other deals. Contact borrowers to requests documents, ask fellow co-workers a question possibly. Conference calls, clearing exceptions if needed. Updating pending report. The hardest part of the day could be trying to set a closing date. The most enjoyable part of the day is getting along with all of your co--workers makes the job a real pleasure.","Closing Officer","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","July 24, 2012","5.0"
6788,"Strong company, good benefits, wide range of positions and career options"," this bank is a great place to learn and grow. They do a great job helping you succeed, and giving you most of the tools need to drive business for you branch.Great experience with coworkers.With training and experience everything becomes easy and manageable.Getting to know new people and having new friends is enjoyable.","Financial analyst","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 24, 2012","5.0"
6789,"Retail Banking is Dead","Avoid retail banking, not just this bank. The industry is dead. Branches are visited by the types of customers you don't need! Run from retail banking!!!!!","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Burlington County NJ","July 23, 2012","1.0"
6790,"n/a","The hardest part of the job is to stay kind and sweet while being berated and cussed out by borrower's.","Collector","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 23, 2012","3.0"
6791,"It's Okay","It's an okay entry-level position. You do have to deal with management running the branch as if it were their own and not the company's. Besides that you do have to posses the ability to provide excellent customer service.","Bank Teller Representative","Former Employee","Washington, DC","July 23, 2012","3.0"
6792,"Career Advancement","Very busy call center, good training in terms of account selling.","FINANCIAL SERVICE SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2012","4.0"
6793,"Fun workplace, and fast paced","I am on the phone constantly with customers assisting them with their financial needs. Managers are very supportive and understanding and there to answer and help with questions anytime. I have learned a lot about finances and banking. Co workers are great and very welcoming. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping customers with their needs and helping them understand banking.","CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVE","Current Employee","kalamazoo, mi","July 22, 2012","4.0"
6794,"Great company to work for","Great company to work for, management and culture are excellent. Banking staff needs to be more involved in business and education.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","East Stroudsburg, PA","July 22, 2012","5.0"
6795,"Productive Workplace","Very Fast Paced Call Center.Good ManagersVery Friendly Co Workers","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","State College, PA","July 19, 2012","5.0"
6796,"Unfair,unprofessional","The department was divided because at the time system conversions were being made. Those of us that were hired under the old system were required to do all of the unconverted clients work no matter what then help others with the converted system. But If the new system users completed work they were sent home, and never assist in completing the old work.I Learned if you were the bosses favorite you worked less. The managers were helpful except my direct manager was a bit immature, and would literally run and hide behind our desks to escape his BOSS (The site Manager) on the production floor.The Job was simple and not hard at all","Receivables Prep Clerk","Former Employee","College Park, GA","July 19, 2012","4.0"
6797,"Highly professional, but also VERY welcoming. :-)","I think this is the only Job I had, that was SO FUN to go to. Maybe b/c 3./4 of my co-workers were all college students, but I didn't know anyone coming in, and left w/ a handful, + of friends and associates.I learned 'behind the scenes' (basically when you call your bank for questions about account info, CD's, IRA's, etc...I was that person). So challenging, but worth it. You felt a sense of worth.Management is awesome. Got to meet the Regional President and Director a few times. Mgnt sure knows how to pick the right candidates for the job. Friendly, challenging, and team players.Love it....so serious.","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","State College, Pa","July 18, 2012","5.0"
6798,"Good Place to Work"," this bank was a had a great work/life balance plan. They cared about their employees and making sure they had time for their families.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Former Employee","Bedford Heights, OH","July 18, 2012","4.0"
6799,"A nice job for a person who wants to jump start their career","The job was hard at first, but then after a week of training and being supervised, I learned how to work a 10-key numeric machine. If work was not done, co-workers would help others if no others checks were left.","Proof Encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 17, 2012","4.0"
