"Good company to work for but not secure","Good company to work for but not secure. High pressure It does teach you a lot about banking. Good programs for the clients. But very tiring for the employees","Senior Workplace Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","manassas VA","May 22, 2015","2.0"
"Fast paced bank with great coworkers.","Fast paced bank focused not only on building strong customer relationships but also on ensuring that all employees are treated fairly. Management made sure you had all the tools needed to get the job done plus would speak to you about opportunities to grow in the company and your overall development. Coworkers are great, varying personalities and generally a great environment to work in.","Peak TimeTeller","Former Employee","East Orange, NJ","May 21, 2015","5.0"
"The best work experience I have ever had.","During my internship, Performed audit services for First Energy, Ohio Edison Connection, Transstar, and Novelis. Observed risk assessment protocol related to the generation and distribution of energy for consumers Partook in meetings with those charged with governance to discuss internal control over financial reporting. Participated in substantive procedures and tests of details related to cash accounts, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. Worked 50-60 hours per week throughout internship.","Core Service Representative","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","May 21, 2015","5.0"
"Good Pension bad company progression","There where many ups and downs to working for this bank, but the pay is a down the benefits is an up. The company dose suffer from lack of communication across all job functions but has been trying to improve that with training across departments.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh","May 21, 2015","2.0"
"Productive work environment with opportunities for advancement.","Typically my day begins by opening the branch, going over our plans for the day with each other so we know who's doing what, communication. From there my day consists of calling clients, assisting clients who visit the branch, doing outreach events during the day for the community. My direct manager is great, our regional manager gives very inconsistent goals and expectations. I'm a firm believer that in banking, there is a balance of sales and operations. If the branch is operationally sound, things run smoother, safety is upheld and we can produce more effectively. However, any time we tried to ensure all team members had an equal opportunity to spend time on operations, we were scolded. So my direct manager is outstanding, this bank upper management is not supportive or understanding. I will give an example, I had serious back surgery 3 months ago, I was out for a month. I received a phone call from my regional manager questioning whether I had cleared that leave with my manager....not how are you feeling, but simply scolding me. I filed for leave well in advance, notified my manager who gets correspondence from this bank leave. So to me that was completely out of line. To even think I took a month off and told no one was absurd. One of the things that drew me to this bank was the fact they preached about a work life balance. I've found that is truthfully not the case. There are constant events that we are asked to attend outside of normal schedules, nights, Sundays (Mother's Day)......things that are not possible for me with a 2 year old daughter and my wife being a FT nurse. - more...","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Alpharetta, GA","May 20, 2015","1.0"
"My history with this company is long standing. I'd like to continue to increase my skillset and grow.","A typical day at work is fast paced with many responsibilities to help us to provide exceptional service. We make our main goal to offer products and services that represent our brand as well as best suit the needs of our customers.","Fraud Analyst II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 19, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Teller","I loved working as a bank teller dealing with the public each and everyday. you would meet new people everyday and you always had had to have a smile on your face at all time no matter what you may be going through. if you had a bad transaction with one customer you had to shake it off fast and get over it for the next. Loved being a bank teller and dealing with the public","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 19, 2015","5.0"
" this bank Call Center","Working in a call center was a fast past fun job, talking to over 80 customers a day not knowing what the customer needs help with you have to be ready at all time. You have to assure the customer you will help them with their problem and after the phone call is over your problem you called in about will be too, keeping the customer relaxed at all times","Call center this bank","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","May 19, 2015","5.0"
"Culture","The environment was a great place to work at. The focus of improvement and change was astonishing. Technology and compliance was a main focus on improvement in leading the industry. Overall great ethics and kept busy.","Senior Loan Processor","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 19, 2015","5.0"
"The people that worked at this bank made the job fun","I like working at this bank. I liked what I did. I worked well with others and my managers. There is not much really to say about the job. I liked working in the encoding department.","Check Encoder","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 18, 2015","4.0"
"Good leadeship and friendly enviornment","Busy day. Always active. Good learning enviornment. Policy and procedure work enviornment. Communication is very important. Hardest part of the job is balancing your task with customer demands which change daily.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, Oh","May 18, 2015","4.0"
"A very good place to Work in this Environment","Good management and all the business analysts are friendly and more supportive during work. Flexible to do work from home when needed.","Application Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh PA","May 18, 2015","5.0"
"n/a","Nice company to work for. Constantly evolving to keep up with industry trends. The hardest part of the job are the hours Late Friday evening and Saturdays.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Newark, DE","May 17, 2015","5.0"
"Great co-workers, long days","I love the people that I work with, they make the days fun and are very patient when someone is in the learning process. I also love my manager, she is very involved and always available if needed. But, I haven't had an entire weekend off for a month and likely won't until July. Saturdays off are supposed to rotate. They do offer benefits, but the health insurance and dental plans aren't the best. The deductible is over 2 grand for health insurance and the dental plan has a $1,500 annual cap. Hourly pay is ok, but don't plan on being able to support yourself solely on this income (Unless you are a platform banker, then you may have a chance). One highlight is that we get an hour for lunch, the con is long work days. Fridays are usually 7:45 am to 6:15 pm. Then you have to be back Saturday morning at 7:45 am. Most days you are 7:45 am to 5:15 pm. But some days you may be 10-2 or 9-5. The only thing consistent is you know you'll have to be there at some point 6 days a week.","Teller Rep I","Current Employee","Missouri","May 17, 2015","3.0"
"A typical day at work","A typical day at work will consist of 25% of customer service, 25% teller, and 50% sales. I've learned to pull in customers from the supermarket to the branch and uncover their financial needs to complete a share of wallet. Management can be very pushy about sales but they definitely provide us recognition for accomplishing our goals. Full staff at the branch is a maximum of 5 employees including the manager. The hardest part of the job is overcoming the fear of approaching customers while they are food shopping. The most enjoyable part of the job is saving my customers time and money after recommending/closing the best products and services for them.","In-Store Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lyndhurst, NJ","May 16, 2015","4.0"
"good work environment","good company to learn about banking life. overall very solid employment and much opportunity for improvement and self growth","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","east windsor","May 14, 2015","1.0"
"Good team to work with","Good Tea Helpful Managers and Leads. Encouraging career wise. Team was friendly. Used to take as challenge when it comes to deadlines and meet them.","QA","Former Employee","New York, NY","May 14, 2015","3.0"
"Good company to work for","I started off with the company as a processor for my current position now. I looking for a change I really have learned a lot here and now I'm time to move forward and try my hand at something else. The hardest part for me working here is working the weekend been on the weekend for 10 year now. The part I do enjoy is my co-works","Operations Work Lead I","Current Employee","College Park, GA","May 14, 2015","4.0"
"Great Company","The sky is the limit with this bank, their job portal is wonderful and advancement is very simple to begin. Although you do have to hold your current position for 12 months. They treat employees quite well and I think this is one of the better banks to work for.","Sales","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 14, 2015","5.0"
"Okay place to work, no work life balance, no support, or teamwork, or leadership","3 Stars, not a great place to work, no work life balance, no support, or teamwork, or leadership. The schedule is terrible the management is terrible and the system is terrible. I would not recommend this job to anyone.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Stafford, VA","May 13, 2015","1.0"
" this bank","I am not impressed with this company overall. They do not care abut their employees. It shows in the overall attitude of management, their benefits package, and the work life balance options available. They are available, however, extremely hard to get approved.","Treasury Management Client Services","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","May 13, 2015","1.0"
"Great place to work!","Currently work on First Mortgage Defaulted accounts. Very challenging in regards to investor guidelines/requirements","Officer","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 12, 2015","5.0"
"Not the greatest","Some of the management are decent. The pay and benefits are awful, especially in retail side, not competitive with local banks. Poor on the job training.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Crescent Springs, KY","May 11, 2015","3.0"
"ok"," this bank was a great company to work for till upper management changed. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv","Account Executive","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 11, 2015","4.0"
"Realty Services Coordinator","Always available to assist branches with issue to maintain readiness operations. Processing invoices, provides attentive customer service to all.","Administrative Coordinator","Current Employee","Atlanta, GA","May 10, 2015","4.0"
"Top Heavy","The company is unfortunately very top heavy in terms of salary. They have internal limits they have set on how much of a pay increase you can receive when promoted. There is no accountability for other lines of business and they are hurting to attain and retain staff.","Manager","Current Employee","Ohio","May 10, 2015","2.0"
"Collector","Best volunteer work ever. Management not good. Co Workers Excellent. Hardest part not living sooner. Helping others.","Collector II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 9, 2015","5.0"
"Knowledgeable workplace","Customer Service 24/7, new product knowledge everyday. Came into this job not knowing all too much about banking what so ever. Now I know so much in a short period of time thanks to their training, and knowledgeable co-workers.","Teller","Current Employee","Largo, FL","May 8, 2015","4.0"
"Its a bank","when i first started it was bank N. they were eventually bought out by this bank. very goal driven and customer/goal focused. They do not place much stock in their actual employees. which is sad.","ATM Teller","Former Employee","Lewis Center, OH","May 8, 2015","3.0"
"A fast paced work environment","A typical day would consist of managing the Branch Vault, handling business deposits, focusing on branch audits, training tellers on sales.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Belmont, OH","May 7, 2015","3.0"
"Great company that is serious about empowering the communities it serves!","There were two great lessons I learned at this bank #1 - The art of building relationships is very important to the success of the any role #2 - There are many advantages to business and community collaboration.","Program Manager, Volunteerism","Current Employee","Washington, DC","May 7, 2015","4.0"
"If starting out in banking this is a good start","Customer's are great!! Working here has given me great customer service skills but not much else. Management is disorganized and unreliable. Constantly short handed. The hardest part of the job is meeting the demands of corporate while trying to perform daily functions. Unrealistic expectations for tellers especially when there is never enough employees to help with tasks at hands. Consistently expected to handle tasks that management is supposed to handle. Always changing policies, employees DO NOT stay long, get there experience then go to another bank with less drama!!","Full-time Teller","Former Employee","Mount Airy, MD","May 7, 2015","2.0"
"A very Productive and Deadline driven atmosphere."," this bank is an awesome place to work. My typical work day is very busy, which I love. Here at this bank, we try our best to keep our customers satisfied and we do our best at processing customers payments in a timely and professional manner. I've learned a great deal of things from the management team here like communication is always the key and how much it means to always be fair and consistent. The hardest part of my job is leaving at the end of the day and the most enjoyable part of my job is having the opportunity to work with a great team.","Trainer","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","May 7, 2015","4.0"
"N/a","I enjoyed working for this bank. They offered tuition reimbursement. I also liked the fact that they had 401k and many other good opportunities within the company.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 7, 2015","4.0"
"Loved it","I loved working here. The training is 8 weeks long and they made us do lots of fun things. I learned a lot. I didn't like the hours but I loved the pay and the benefits.","Bilingual Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 6, 2015","5.0"
"Not a Great Place to work","Employees get very little consideration. This company is ALL about numbers. Favoritism is a big factor in the day to day.","Bank teller and Customer Service Rep","Current Employee","Saint Charles, IL","May 6, 2015","1.0"
"Fast pace Changing Detailed","Typical day at this bank would be servicing all issues that customer may have. Giving this customer perfect assistance and completing their request earns me the right to see if there is any additional products that this bank would be able to provide for them to expand our relationship. This job has shown me a lot about the world of finances and important values of small details make a differnce. Co-works are great team envoirment that allows everyone to help and share how to make the next one better. The hardest part about working in the banking field is the problem and issues you come across they may upset someone or prevent them from their funds. The best thing is getting someone the help they need and knowing that you've helped them in a way that can help them a long term","REGISTERED SALES CONSULTANT III","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 5, 2015","3.0"
"Good Company to work for","Working with customers was my favorite part of this job, not only did I start to know that regulars, but I started to have my own customers that only wanted to work with me. I love meeting new people and I enjoy this work environment. I've learned that sometimes you just need to be yourself. This was also a good place to work when you have children. They worked with me and understood family life. My co workers made it fun to come into work, we were not only coworkers but family.","Teller","Former Employee","South Bend, In","May 4, 2015","5.0"
"Nice Place - Good Learning Experience","It was good experience , I was hired for a short 6 month job as a contractor.My job wast to upgrade there existing database cluster environment to higher version. I have no complains with co-workers or Management , I found all of them helpful.","Oracle DBA","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 4, 2015","4.0"
"Procuctive and great place to work at","Great company to work for. Possibilities to grow and to build up self-confidence. Great people to work with Regarding the management, much more could be done. My most enjoyable part of my job is to get the opportunity to meet with people. Customers from different origins and background that sharpen your intelligence and your abilities to cope with others","Full-Time Teller","Current Employee","Annapolis, MD","May 2, 2015","5.0"
"Hsbc","HSBC gave me many chances for promotions and experience which I will always appreciate. At the time I was employed there the salary was poor but the benefits were very good.","Bank Officer","Current Employee","buffalo, ny","May 2, 2015","4.0"
"Account Integrity","A typical day at work consists of working on ARC reports around CFPB regulations. Entering modifications into the system that customer's apply for.","LOAN SUPPORT ANALYST","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","May 1, 2015","4.0"
"Nice pay Good benefits","Sales driven company, advancement is reasonable. Easy job, really focused on exceptional customer service. wish that the schedule is typical banking.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Towson, MD","April 30, 2015","5.0"
"Fun place to work with great people and flexible hours","I filed mortgages for this bank. Mainly just sorted papers and stacked them on shelves. Stayed pretty busy for most of the day,","Consultant","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 29, 2015","4.0"
"Very sales orienteated","Company focuses on sales rather than relations. Provides great benefits. Great opportunity to gain experience with handling confidential information and client issues.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","April 29, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and good ambiance to work for","I really enjoyed working for this bank and advanced over my years with this bank. The pay was good and benefits are great. I worked with a great group of people. Good ambiance to work for.","Tableau Developer","Former Employee","pennsylvania","April 28, 2015","5.0"
"Good place to work","Many benefits, they treat you equal. Great co-workers where I used to work. Customers are very nice and friendly. Sale a lot of accounts to customers but as always good.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Woodbridge, NJ","April 28, 2015","5.0"
"Great Work Life Balance/Low Pay","Great work life balance and low pay. Too much work and not enough pay. Too much documenting and not enough time to bring money into the bank.","Financial Sales Specialists","Current Employee","Sanford, NC","April 27, 2015","3.0"
"Infrastructure project manager","Responsible for on boarding, applications throughout the banking network Providing the MIS teams with resources to redesign their environment into a cloud data center. build out the future state environment for applications moving into the new data center. Creating a statement of work of the new future state for applications managing the approval process for the buildout of the future state. Managing the project in clarity, along with all milestones, financial reports, managing resources, and project hours. Managing calls to resources and MIS team to discuss the future state buildout of their environment.","Infrastructure Project Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 27, 2015","3.0"
"Very diverse atmosphere.","Enjoyed helping people with their accounts and fixing anything that I could. The diverse atmosphere was very enjoyable, as well.","PERSONAL BANKER","Former Employee","milwaukee,wi","April 27, 2015","4.0"
"Great compensation, comfortable work environment"," this bank Wealth Management offers an above average compensation package, with the exception of the health benefits, which I would rate average. The work environment is very comfortable, primarily because of the people that work there.","Vice President Investment Advisor","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","April 26, 2015","4.0"
"Great Place to work"," this bank has done a great job at serving the communities within its footprint. They have very competitive products and services that allow them to be amongst the top Financial Institutions. The are very focused on Customer Service and Customer Loyalty and they achieve this through Employee Engagement.","VP","Current Employee","NJ","April 25, 2015","4.0"
"Productive work environment","Constantly on the go enjoyable work environment. new technology and device deployment. good management. great people diversity. meeting people","Technical Support Specialist","Current Employee","Atl antaGa","April 24, 2015","5.0"
" this bank","• Utilize analytical and relationship building skills to troubleshoot client's account inquire • Completed and excelled at rigorous retail and lending sales training program. • Within the first six months tested into the this bank mentoring program, to assist with the training and development of new employees. • Played a pivotal role with clients through the conversion of bank N to this bank. • Provided superior customer service to clients, which resulted in multiple 5 star Gallup scores. • Participated in the Grow Up Great Program.","Senior Financial Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 24, 2015","5.0"
"Branch Employee","Opportunity for advancement is present. Clear communication to upward management. Low to moderate starting salaries. Work/Life balance as a branch employee is mediocre due to branch hours.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 23, 2015","4.0"
"productiveself pace work place","I answered phone calls from customers all over the United States. I was given confidential information as well as working with it. I filed disputes, complaints,i gave balance, I gave customers knowledge on new products the bank offered, overall I tried to make the customers banking experience a great one with trust and communication.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo MI","April 23, 2015","4.0"
"Great company","Co-workers are very supportive. Enjoyed working there. Learned everything about banking. Good training program. I would recommend this bank to recent college graduates.","Branch Manager - II","Former Employee","Florida","April 23, 2015","5.0"
"A typical Work place"," this bank is a typical work place with very controlling atmosphere. They are a corporation that only thinks of themselves and not there employees.","Analysis II","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 23, 2015","2.0"
"Good bank to work for","The bank has so many programs for employees, and customers. they make sure you have the tools you need to be productive. Your path to success is dependent on your motivation.","AVP","Former Employee","Baltimore MD","April 23, 2015","5.0"
"Just like any retail bank out there","Very bureaucratic levels of management. The only way to succeed is to step on others. No real growth potential. Job availability depending on the geographical location. The closer you are to Pittsburgh the better your chances.","Finance","Former Employee","New York, NY","April 22, 2015","2.0"
"Upper Management","Overall I didn't have a great experience at this bank. The upper management has no clue to what is going on in the branches. I would recommend going to a larger bank that actually values their associates","Branch Manager III - VP","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 22, 2015","1.0"
"Great Associates","The company has an urban and new way of banking, but lacks some advancement in products. Job security is always a threat which isn't a great thing to face on a daily basis.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 22, 2015","2.0"
"Toss Up","Dependant upon the department or section an employee works for determines the work life balance, compensation, job security, management, and job culture because some are better than others.","Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","April 22, 2015","3.0"
"A decent company","A good company, needs more structure and better management training. Location plays a major factor in quarterly targets. Good vacation and sick day benefits.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Arlington, VA","April 21, 2015","3.0"
"Great Place to work","I loved working for this bank. This company is very progressive and encourages the personal growth of each of its employees.","Executive Assistant","Former Employee","Calabasas, CA","April 20, 2015","5.0"
"Great training, great people work here","This company has 5 star star training for its employees. They offer lots to enures they know what everyone is doing and they offer advancement The pay stinks , its so low -you can support anyone on this salary. Which is ironic because they're all about quality of life, but they don't they're people at all. Only if your a district executive - even managers aren't paid that well.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Emerson, NJ","April 19, 2015","4.0"
" this bank Investments","Fast paced, large sales goals, fun environment, opportunity to advance, enjoyable co-workers, nice benefits, competitive salary.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Erie, PA","April 18, 2015","3.0"
"It's a great place to work","Loved working at this bank, they are very family and community oriented. Loved the work from home policy twice a month. Co-workers are there for each other when needed. The hardest part of the job was trying to learn more when no one wanted to show you. Working there was very enjoyable and you learn a lot once you get someone willing to show you new things.","Corporate action closed account processor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 16, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, fast paced","typical day consists of lobby management,engaging people in the aisles of the supermarket, providing customers with the knowledge about different products and services","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Plymouth Meeting, PA","April 14, 2015","4.0"
"Almost 10 Years"," this bank was a wonderful place to work. Company downsizing is understandable when foreclosure is at a low. I simply wish I was able to continue my career at this bank. I was laid off a few months shy of my 10 year anniversary.","MEDIATION CREDIT ANALYST","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 14, 2015","4.0"
"Loved the customers","A friendly relaxed work environment, however leadership was lacking Co-workers were phenomenal and everyone pulled together consistently to achieve branch goals.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Wellsville, PA","April 14, 2015","3.0"
"Great job, little advancement opportunities, lousy benefits","Pay is fantastic, ability to work from home, good work load. Little to no advancement opportunities. Such a big and profitable company should offer better benefits, the benefits are a High Deductible plan and it is very high.","ALM Analyst","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 14, 2015","5.0"
"Individual Branches Cave in Performance Under Corporate Demands","Management is not chosen wisely. Employees are constantly receiving mixed messages. Customers are hard to come by considering all the competition. The banker role is good for someone who is very driven.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicago","April 13, 2015","4.0"
"Its okay place to work","Expectations are too high. Many turn overs and change is constants. Manager is okay. Co-workers are fine but its always new people.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Dayton, OH","April 12, 2015","2.0"
"Sales sales","Sales was the main focus and performance determines how big the bonus is. Scheduling your shift was a plus. A longer Lunch would make performance better and setting attainable performance goals would also be a plus.","SALES REPRESENTATIVE","Former Employee","49009","April 12, 2015","3.0"
" this bank is currently growing and changing the way of doing things new","I would highly recommend someone new to this Organization great! for starters good management team we have deadline on a daily basis we have huddles to make day go smoothly the hardest is being one team one shop one goal sometimes","Senior Clerical Technician","Current Employee","College Park, GA","April 12, 2015","4.0"
"productive and organized company to work for","Great company to work for. xtremely organized, love working for the company. family oriented company. Great location from where i reside. love people that work there","Customer Service IV","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 11, 2015","5.0"
"Great Staff"," this bank has a great staff to work with. They work hard together as a teamn and help each with the branch goals. I enjoy the moring meets and the wards and recongion.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Easton","April 11, 2015","4.0"
"Teller","The typical day would be just like at any bank. Since i have already answered i am not exactly sure what else i need to say. It was great working here but i guess it depends on your team and manager.","Teller","Former Employee","sterling,va","April 9, 2015","4.0"
"Not helpful to men with ill wives","Co-workers were okay to work with, managers (depending if you're in the inner circle), will take up for you...hardest part of the position was keeping up with all of the new laws and regulations that the government sends down the pipeline, however the work was fairly easy. My wife was ill and I had occurrences rack up for it (no FMLA). They let me go the day before our wedding anniversary, and when I tried to challenge the termination, they came up with a day I was late due to our car doors being frozen No job security whatsoever, although I was being molded for team lead position and had received district and headquarter praise for the lowest handle time in the call center.","SPOC II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","April 9, 2015","2.0"
"Great","Geat work environment, management and co workers. I learned a lot about the value of your customers. I had a great work life balance.","Senior Operations Associate","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 8, 2015","4.0"
"work place","always tense and very micro managed. Very stressful work environment the breaks and lunches were very short. The most enjoyable part of the job was I had good coworkers and a good help team","loss mit","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 8, 2015","3.0"
"A good place to work","They say they're a family oriented company but during hard family times they don't show compassion to situations such as death. This is a very fast paced job and they are very short staffed. Someone is constantly getting fired and they have no problem replacing you.","Floating Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 7, 2015","3.0"
"The compensation for your work is minimal","There is no sales training for a job that strongly focuses on sales. Management was lazy and ill prepared to handle tasks.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Raleigh, NC","April 7, 2015","3.0"
"Not the job it's presented to be!!","Similar to another review I saw on here, the job I was hired for and the job I performed were two completely different things. Banking is moving in general to a universal banker format where everyone in the branches are required to do everything. Branches are forced to make a ridiculous amount of cold calling to try to drive in appointment traffic to sell products to customers. My particular branch was constantly short staffed. I was forced to work overtime for weeks on end. My manager would also show up and leave whenever he wanted claiming to be out on 'business calls' from which our team never seemed to see any business. I was trained for platform banking and was never allowed to do anything with it. Times when we would be short a banker for a random reason they would want to throw me on having no real training. There is no real room for growth either which was very upsetting. Regardless of whether I tried to go the banker path or the teller supervisor path, I was shut down and faced with obstacles. I was also made to cover the teller supervisor position for a few months and given no additional compensation or opportunity for advancement. Maybe if you are a young kid and want a decent job while living at home this could be a good opportunity for you. However, the salary does not make it possible for you to live as an independent adult. I will say that I did have two of the greatest co-workers I have ever had the pleasure to work with. They are the only part of the job I miss.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","NJ","April 6, 2015","1.0"
"Most of the IT employees are over-loaded","Too much work, too much overtime. The company culture has changed in the past two years. Most people can't balance work and family.","Lead Software Engineer","Current Employee","Cleveland, Ohio","April 3, 2015","3.0"
"Favorite place I've worked","There is no other place in the history of ALL my jobs that I enjoyed as much as this bank. I got along with everyone and was trained well. They wouldn't accept failure, and that's awesome! They also treated their customers well.","Teller","Former Employee","Harrisburg, PA","April 3, 2015","4.0"
"Value Driven Organization"," this bank strives to bring value to customers through a thought out training process to give staff members to opportunities to show case their value creation during customer interactions.","Bank Officer","Current Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","April 3, 2015","5.0"
"Great Team members","Handling client transacations and questions. Uncovering additional financial needs for now and future. Enjoy working with a great Team. Having the ability to train other onboarding employees.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","NJ","April 2, 2015","4.0"
"Great way to interact with customers","A great customer service job but not much room for advancement. A great way to get your foot in the door with the company. A great job that requires you to be detail oriented.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2015","2.0"
"Productive workplace","Although the organization maybe a tad bit unorthodox, The company is overall a great opportunity for those who are just starting their career in sales.","Registered Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh,PA","April 1, 2015","4.0"
"Washington Mutual was bought out by JP Morgan Chase","A typical day work at Wamu was reviewing files and submitting to quality for approval. The only thing that I did not like about this process is there was not good communication between loss mit and quality.","Underwriter","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 31, 2015","3.0"
"Family feeling again with co-workers and bosses","This job was a very long time ago. It was Valley American Bank back then and Darr Weikamp was the owner of the Bank. I worked at the main office and loved working with all the officers of the bank and got to know most of them. I worked the Drive Thru there so it was very fast pace which I really liked. I was prime time so I was locked into 19 hrs. a wk. Perfect for me at the time. Hardest part was watching for fraud.","TELLER AT Valley American Bank","Former Employee","Mishawaka, Indiana","March 31, 2015","5.0"
"Wonderful Bank to work for however not many opportunities for Human Resources Professional left in this area. I would have had to relocate.","I built my professional career at this bank. It was an opportunity that I will always be grateful for. I had the experience to manage multiple teams throughout PA and NJ and welcomed the challenges that provided me. I built my foundation of knowledge there and continue to build on everything taught to me.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","March 30, 2015","5.0"
"Great company","Understanding of work and home life. Treats employees very fairly. Good benefits. Excellent retirement benefits. Good vacation options. Lots of opportunity to grow within the company.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Fort Wayne, IN","March 30, 2015","5.0"
"Good Entry Level position","decent place to work, good for most entry level help desk position, if that is what you are looking for. Corporate culture is on par for most help desk departments","Corporate Help Desk Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 30, 2015","4.0"
"Wonderful customers","Provide wonderful customer service to many different cultures in Southern Maryland. We even have Amish and horse and buggies. Loved the customers dispite so many change overs in management.","Teller","Former Employee","Charlotte Hall, MD","March 29, 2015","3.0"
"Mediocre","Good job If you are looking for a temporary job to add some qualifications on your resume. Nice community bank, great hours, okay incentives.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Washington, DC","March 28, 2015","3.0"
"Great for advancement","Hours are great. Job is fairly easy. Company spent all of 2014 getting customers out of the branch by showing them other methods of banking, now they're spending all of 2015 trying to get customers back into the branch","Teller","Current Employee","Madison Heights, MI","March 27, 2015","3.0"
"pay not good. paid to have fun","always looking over your shoulder micro managing management. The days off/flexibility not great. Bankers should not be broke and not able to get a personal loan or day off while expected to smile and offer credit and loans to people. pay more. be more.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lorton, VA","March 26, 2015","3.0"
"Alabama","Hard to advance in this area. Regional manager has unrealistic expectations and does not look out for her employees. Most of the staff in my area is new because she has ran them off. The employees at the branches are typically great but regional manager is not.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","mobile al","March 26, 2015","3.0"
"Team Lead in Final Documentation Dept","In this position I was able to lead employees in a daily workflow system to ensure that Investors were delivered quality and error free documents in a timely manner.","Group Lead","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 26, 2015","4.0"
"Interesting","The most enjoyable part of the job was the satisfaction that I was able to assist customers with their financial needs. Most co-workers were great.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Maryland","March 26, 2015","3.0"
"I absolutely love working in the banking industry and customer service.","I worked in the banking industry for years and I learned a lot about customer service and cash handling. In banking it is imperative that you are fully alert in all functions of the job. I was a full time teller working the drive up and assisting the lines, it was challenging, busy and fun.","Bank Fulltime Teller","Former Employee","Lawrenceville NJ 08648","March 25, 2015","4.0"
"productive place","i came in punch in and began my day i keyed what i seen on my double screen and had to do it in a timely manner, the enviroment was smooth laid back","Data Entry","Former Employee","Highland Hills, OH","March 23, 2015","5.0"
"Fun work environment more transparency needed","Normally a typical work day begins with a team huddle to discuss any changes and focus on making that a better day. The main thing I learned working at this bank is always be flexible and willing to make any necessary adjustments to complete an escalated issue.","Credit Analyst III","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","March 23, 2015","3.0"
"Very calm work setting with set work hours","A typical day at this bank entailed arriving to work on time, making sure all opening procedures were followed, and always beginning your day with a second associate. We made sure the branch was opened on time and always helped customers with a smile on our faces and assisted them with any issues they had with their accounts. I learned a lot about the bank setting and how to handle cash, and maintain the operations side of the bank in order. I managed three tellers under my supervision and assigned them personal goals to ensure the branch achieved their monthly goals. The hardest part of my job was learning how to work in a bank setting, being that it was my first job at a bank. The most enjoyable part was being a part part of a branch that consistently achieved their monthly goals.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Fairfax, VA","March 20, 2015","4.0"
"Bank on the hours","Great hours and excellent co-workers but the hardest thing about working at this bank is there gray area in policies and procedures. One this bank will allow things to slide while others wont. Over all, this bank is a very good company and cares about its associates but can be lost when your faced with contradictions.","Teller","Current Employee","New Market, MD","March 20, 2015","4.0"
"Retail Banking in Grocery Stores Fails to Deliver","My position was placed inside of a supermarket where we would attempt to leverage banking needs to people buying their dinner, weekly groceries, or even their lunch - many failures existed and a lot of the opportunities were dead-leads The exhausting 10 week training course was great for someone like myself who was unfamiliar with retail banking concepts, but the repetitive nature became annoying quickly and felt like the company wasted time with internal principles that didn't fully apply to my position. They really didn't set an employee up to be successful in the supermarket banking world and could have provided more training to overcome objections and develop sales strategies One thing this company fails to understand in the Mid-Atlantic area is their branches in supermarkets are failing - plagued with overly high turn over, poor foot traffic, and ineffective marketing strategies for these branches it caused employees who have terrible attitudes about their jobs. I had the displeasure of being hired before a branch was built fully and was forced to float around the area - not only did I meet many dissatisfied people who could careless about their jobs at this bank, I witnessed many people simply quit from their jobs on a weekly basis As for the compensation it was rather minimal for myself and colleagues as a traditional branch brought more foot traffic in than we did and we were highly overstaffed with employees waiting for our new branch to be built / finished. Moreover, had my manager not been very supporting I wouldn't have stayed past training If you - more...","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD","March 19, 2015","3.0"
"Good People, Good environment, High expectations.","Good place to work. Great people and a good balance for life. Sometimes things can get hectic. You have to really be able to roll with the punches.","Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 18, 2015","3.0"
"Great job!","One of the best jobs I have ever had. It has helped me grow a lot as a professional and is a great enviroment to be in. I can tell this compnay cares about its employees.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Leesburg, VA","March 17, 2015","5.0"
"big asset for my department","High energy Financial Professional with mutual fund experience and education. Proven expertise in management, strategic and financial planning, analysis, and reporting. Astute, performance-driven business strategist highly accomplished in successfully managing business development and marketing initiatives to increase revenue streams for maximum return-on-investment (ROI). High level of integrity and dependability with a strong sense of urgency and commitment.","mutual fund accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","March 17, 2015","3.0"
"Employee friendly and a good place to work","Working for this bank has been a great opportunity because not only are they committed to their employees, but they are always 100 percent about the customer and providing the best customer service there is. A typical day for me is investigating and researching the roots of any and all problems that occur within our customers accounts. I do business daily with not only this bank customer's but other banks. I adjust our customer's account(s) accordingly and respond efficiently and timely to any deadline. Being able to be there for the customer all day every day, is great. We do the best we can to meet every customer's needs and expectations to simply make this bank a great place to bank.","OPERATIONS ANALYST 2","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 15, 2015","4.0"
"Good company to work for depending on your department","It was a very high intensity fast-paced position. I worked in the operation center. High volume of work. High turnover. Non-flexible schedule. Management making major changes.","Sr. Support Analyst I - Record Services","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 14, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","I learned that being a Teller Supervisor is not a boring job. There are always different job responsibilities, depending on the situation or day. There are no hard parts of my job , it constantly brings new challenges. The most enjoyable part for me is for a client to leave satisfied.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","March 14, 2015","5.0"
"Internship","Overall, the internship was well organized and challenged me on a day to day basis. I was not hired full-time due to budget reasons and I wish that would have been made more clear in the beginning.","Public Finance Intern","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 12, 2015","5.0"
"A very good company to work with"," this bank is a very good company to work for. The people in general are what makes the company what it is today. They have a big focus on developing younger talent.","Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 11, 2015","4.0"
"Teller","Working here has given me great customer service skills.The hardest part of the job is meeting the demands of corporate while trying to perform daily functions. Unrealistic expectations for tellers.","Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 11, 2015","4.0"
"Complicated. Very weird with no advancement.","Hard to advance. Company does not allow to many internal employees to achieve to the next level often. It is not a company I would recommend anyone to work for.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","March 11, 2015","3.0"
" this bank Work Environment","Great work environment, motivating management, customer service focused, motivating growth development internally for their employees. Gallup Awarded.","Retail Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 10, 2015","5.0"
"Company Does Not Care For Employees","A typical work day you will be responsible for processing transactions, selling products, and making phone calls to set up customers for appointments. Working here has given me great customer service skills but not much else. Management is disorganized and unreliable. Constantly short handed. The hardest part of the job is meeting the demands of corporate while trying to perform daily functions. Unrealistic expectations for tellers especially when there is never enough employees to help with tasks at hands. Consistently expected to handle tasks that management is supposed to handle. Zero work life balance.","Teller","Current Employee","Manasquan, NJ","March 9, 2015","2.0"
"Big Company, good benefits, hard to advance","I worked at this bank for 7 years total, 2 as a temp and 5 as a FT employee. The best part had to be the people I worked with. However, after several years of good reviews the compensation was meager at best and chance for advancement was difficult in both departments I worked in. They are trying to change that culture with job shadowing and working with employees to fit them into positions that best suit their talents but that is still probably a year or two off.","Human Resource Operations Service Specialist","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 9, 2015","4.0"
"Would like to see the other side","10 years in Operations and I have found that a typical Ops unit is not where I desire to spend the rest of my career. My typical day is filled with unexpected questions and issues that need to be resolved, some of which may or may not require my attention. Line of businesses lack effective, consistent communication which results in an unneccessarily hurried pace Direct supervisor is accommodating and understanding to personal needs and requests, which is appreciated.","Risk Purchased Loan Closer Associate","Current Employee","Brecksville, Ohio","March 9, 2015","3.0"
"x","answer customer's questions and concerns, trouble shoot and problem solving. Explore customer's relationship with this bank and find products to make banking easier for them.","Relationship Expansion Consultant II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 9, 2015","4.0"
"A busy day in the life of a financial sales consultant","The typical day for a financial consultant, at this bank, starts at 8:30am. We all arrive and enter the building following safety procedures. A meeting is held to determine daily goals and special projects. Continued maintenance from the day before is completed. The doors and phone lines open at 9am. Throughout the day you juggle phone calls and clients in your office. The interactions may be as simple as changing a pin number on a debit card to helping a client recover from being a victim of fraud. Each integration is unique and the work to conclude it can take from 2 minutes to many days. During each interaction my goal is to gain a full financial picture for the client. I want to make sure they understand their banking, have proper protection on their finances, have a true financial goal and plans to achieve it as well as to make sure that they are receiving all the benefits that their bank has to offer. The best part of my job is being able to help a client achieve their goals. I have many success stories and love them all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Fredericksburg, Va","March 8, 2015","5.0"
"n/a","Short staffed, management poor, job security poor, great co-workers and I would not refer this bank to family or friends as a place to work or do their banking","Financial Sales Coordinator","Former Employee","Akron, OH","March 8, 2015","2.0"
"Proactively manage Banking portfolio","Manage portfolio of Banking clients. Work to uncover new opportunities while managing current pipeline. Enjoy working with a team of skilled individuals to create a client experience.","Banking Service Advisor","Current Employee","Mishawaka, IN","March 8, 2015","3.0"
" this bank","This is the place I had great experience on Retail Banking. Great customer experience and enjoyed learning new things and meeting new people. I was happy that I could help many people and help them reach their financial goals.","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Little Falls, NJ","March 7, 2015","3.0"
"A great entry level job","I love working for this bank. My branch was superb and the training was great. There is a week long training where you get some hands one experience with their system and procedures you would follow when you are finally placed in your home branch. Clients were mostly pleasant and my coworkers were all friendly and willing to help out everyone.","Teller","Current Employee","Carrboro, NC","March 6, 2015","5.0"
"fun place to work","Just they don't really consider the fact that you have a life besides this job. typical day is talking to about 110 people a day about banking issues they are having and trying to squeeze in a sale","Expander","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 5, 2015","5.0"
"Review of my day to day work at The Home Depot","Utilize sales techniques to uncover customer needs and match to bank's products and services. Sell full range of retail products/services such as deposit accounts, loans, credit cards and safe deposit boxes. Meet and exceed established sales goals to support branch's overall sales objectives. Market a full range of customer and small business banking services to existing and potential customers. through proactive techniques. Resolve a variety of simple to complex in branch customer maintenance requests and inquiries. Ensure completion of required periodic audits and inventories on a timely basis","Banker","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 5, 2015","4.0"
"Great Company","i advanced pretty quick with this company. built great relationship. employees treat each other like a family. really great customer service starting ground","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Newark, NJ","March 5, 2015","5.0"
"Not a place you should work","Everything about this is really bad. No opportunities to grow. Diversity is not even a work they have ever heard. Really bad experience and will never work again to this company.","AVP - Senior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2015","1.0"
"Good work environment","I loved coming to work everyday to talk to my coworkers and customers but that's about it. There's nothing more left to say about working at this bank","Teller II","Former Employee","Waldorf, MD","March 3, 2015","4.0"
"Challanging","This is a fast paced, ever changing environment. The most difficult piece to the job, is the volume of work, but the most gratifying is solving a client's needs, and working with others that have the same goals as you.","Executive Client Relations Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 3, 2015","4.0"
"A bank with big bank capabilities in a more regional feel.","This was a great work environment where my direct manager did a great time of supporting me and making sure that I knew my growth was important to her.","Business Banker","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","March 2, 2015","4.0"
"great work environment","Best part about this bank is that everyone is like a family and works together as a team to get referrals and sales. The branch manager coaches well and did many trend based coaching sessions with tellers and bankers.","Teller","Current Employee","Montgomery, AL","March 2, 2015","4.0"
" this bank","I enjoy the coworkers I have, although I feel underpaid in comparison to other banks. We got Human Sigma 6 and were promised a reward for outstanding service and received nothing","Teller","Current Employee","Reynoldsburg, OH","March 1, 2015","4.0"
"Good work environment","Good work environment but a little disorganized. Not much job security due to the growing and falling mortgage market. Would work there again if given the opportunity.","Mortgage Loan Closer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 1, 2015","3.0"
"productive and fun","Assist ONC BAnk customer with their Accounts . I learner the how the customers concern . Co-worker were very helpful to each other . The enjoyable part of the job was being able learn Banking .","Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","March 1, 2015","5.0"
"Best Job I've EVER Had!","Banking is amazing! You learn so much about people and what they do and you become a teller-pist! ;) The business side of this bank is great. There's growth room and plenty of opportunities just for working for them!! Must be very sales oriented or just not afraid to offer people whats being marketed or to hear no! If you can stomach that then this is a great entry position.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Englewood Cliffs, NJ","February 28, 2015","5.0"
"very productive and learning environment","very fast paced and very focused co-workers opportunity to learn and grow. most employees are engaged. best place for working mothers.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","maryland","February 28, 2015","5.0"
"Pay and incentives are good","Not as customer service motivated as they were years ago. More focused on individual outcomes than working as a team. The most enjoyable part of my job was working with the customer. The hardest part was sitting in meetings that were unproductive. I still see most of my co-workers and have built long term relationships.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Somerset, PA","February 28, 2015","3.0"
"Banking requires hard work. You will either succeed slowly or slump quicly.","*I've worked in both solo and team oriented careers. Banking is team all the way, which I do like and prefer. *I learned much about cash handling, finance in general, and how important it is to secure people's information. *Coming from an unlimited commission career of over years, the hardest part of banking was not having unlimited earning potential. However the work/life balance trade off made it more than worth it.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Reston, VA","February 28, 2015","4.0"
"na"," this bank culture is good for my quality of life I enjoy working there, developing talented teams and managing P&L's. this bank is the best place that I have ever worked.","Vice President","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","February 27, 2015","5.0"
"Worse position i have ever had would not recommend","horrible experience with supervisor and management. the training to begin with is horrible. also they expect you to learn everything that the bank offers on your own with little or no help. i was in a predominant white area and have never been treated as bad as when i worked here. not only by customers but by my supervisor. the most enjoyable part of the job was being able to speak to a sincere customer and escaping from the drama of the workplace. hardest part of the job was maintaing a professional attitude in this work environment.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Munster, IN","February 27, 2015","2.0"
"Very nice atmosphere","Company is very good to work for. Best Place to work. I like working for this company. Very thoughtful about disabilities","Consultant at Corporate Care Center","Former Employee","500 Smithfield","February 26, 2015","5.0"
"Productive and consistent","Process customers transactions in a timely manner. Promote and sell products that best suits customers. Fill in for different branches on a daily/weekly basis","Customer Service Assistant","Former Employee","Monmouth County, NJ","February 26, 2015","3.0"
"Productive and consistent","Advise clients of best financial practices. Promote company products. Work with coworkers in 'getting the business'. Ask for the business. Close the deal","Financial Sales Consultant - BANK NOVEMBER","Current Employee","Toms River, NJ","February 26, 2015","3.0"
"Fun and friendly workplace","My typical day starts at 7am in the office, where i have to review complex data , analyze them and translate them into simple and transparent reports for management","FINANCE PROJECT MGR","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2015","3.0"
"Great company to work for, would recommend to anyone.","Great growning company with a wonderful culture. Lots of advancement opportunities. People are friendly and everyone is willingt to help you learn and adapt.","Contract Recruiter","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","February 25, 2015","5.0"
"A place to learn at","I would got to work and help people with their mortgage. I also setup tax buckets and help them with payment plans so that they could keep their homes. That was very rewarding.","Customer Care Specialist I","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 24, 2015","3.0"
"Fast paced sales oriented place","It was a very fast paced learning position with a lot of opportunity of advancement, highly organized and very customer friendly place.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","February 24, 2015","5.0"
"Earned a living but did not feel valuable","Very negative micromanaged environment that did not show appreciation for employees but once a year when the company had employee appreciation week company wide. Work can be fun and there are things management can do to make work more enjoyable and make employees feel valuable but it's all business and no pleasure with them.","Mediations Analyst","Current Employee","Dayton Oh","February 24, 2015","2.0"
"Strong top 5 Bank in US","Strong ability for growth. Great place for women in the workforce. Community involvement. Teamwork and focus on ease of financial achievement.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Pa","February 23, 2015","4.0"
"Great Place to work","Great, fast paced atmosphere with the ability to advance in your career. Work-life balance is great as well as everything this bank stands for.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Norristown, PA","February 23, 2015","5.0"
"Main Street vs Wall Street"," this bank is looking to move their business in different direction - CEO has a great message - Banking products are very competitive.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Voorhees","February 23, 2015","2.0"
"Not my cup of tea","Good company if you're willing to stay in one position. Not many people have the opportunity to move up. I feel as though this company is great if you have the right management team that is willing to help you.","Customer Sales Associate","Former Employee","USA, PA","February 23, 2015","3.0"
" this bank","A typical day at this bank for me would start out with reviewing and compiling various banking reports. Then as the day progressed I would assist customers with their financial needs and make some outbound sales calls. I learned more about the banking field. The management at this bank was great, always willing to help you and always had an open door policy. My co-workers became like family to me and were there to bounce ideas off of. The hardest part about the job was when I had to explain to a customer why I could not refund them any fees. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to help students start their first bank account.","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","February 23, 2015","5.0"
"Great enviroment","A typical day would start out by everyone goofing around and laughing. The branch manager would begin with our morning meetings and sharing with everyone our CIQ's and how everyone is doing. My co-workers were great!! I made a family there for life, I expect where I work to gain a family. The hardest part of my job was not having enough time for my family, I was out of the house at 7am and home by 8pm. My most enjoyable part of my job was just simply being around the people I worked with, the group we have down there is by far the best group of individuals I had ever worked with.","Teller","Former Employee","Uniontown, PA","February 22, 2015","5.0"
"Pittsburgh Post Gazette","Pittsburgh Post Gazette is a very professional company to work for. The culture of the post gazette supports diversity. The bank has many platforms to share your ideas and opinions.","Mortgage Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 21, 2015","5.0"
"Great workplace for women,","This company cares that you have a life outside of their bank, they promote from within which is rare, down sides are that when your are promoted from within you get only a get a small raise. the incentive pay for bankers is very competitive.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Washington, DC","February 19, 2015","4.0"
"looking to go back to work","I have worked for this bank for almost 20 years. I have worked in the Mortgage department with modifications then proceeded to be a loan officer for 16 yrs. When National City became this bank I worked in. Chicago for 2 years then transferred back to Michigan as a Loan Specialist for Home Equity loans. I worked with customers over the phone and processed and closed Home Equity loans for the this bank. My duties were collecting income documentation from the customer . Once received and reviewed from the customer the income docs were sent to the under writer to make decision . Once approved I prepared the closing documents and emailed to the Branch. I provided excellent customer service and made my required goals monthly. I enjoyed my co workers and still keep in touch with them. I retired December of 2014 and after 1 month realized how much I missed it.","Mortgage Loan Originator","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 19, 2015","5.0"
"More than 8 years great experience with this bank","This was my fist interview and first job in the US. I happily worked with this bank for more than 8 years and took a break to finish my studies. I got my first promotion as a Teller Supervisor within two years. I wish I could work with a great company like this bank.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","February 19, 2015","5.0"
"Great Place to Learn"," this bank has one of the greatest training programs in the industry. This alone makes it a great place to start a banking career. Management can be a bit much at times, but I was lucky to have a great Mentor at this bank.","Vice President Business Banking Ag","Former Employee","Morton, IL","February 19, 2015","4.0"
"Always changing","I would not recommend this job to anyone. This company can never keep anyone, because of the low pay and the constant push for sales. Terrible management. I've never seen a company go through employees so quickly!","Teller","Former Employee","Spanish Fort, AL","February 18, 2015","1.0"
"Highly Charged Up young and dynamic environment","Provides the best training for a campus fresher. Helps groom a traine Has excellent hierarchical structure , has a great EnR for continuous learning and development. Excellent appraisal system.","Senior Software Engineer","Current Employee","Miamisburg,OH","February 17, 2015","4.0"
"A very nice a warm environment place to work in","Very productive environment to work in with good co-workers. Greek customers as they come into the bank with good cheer. A typical day a work is processing checks; cash, withdraw and deposit checks. Management/co-workers are very concerned about my productivity and how I'm doing in a positive way. The hardest part of the job is making sure that everything and everyone is safe and secure. The most enjoyable part of job is making sure that the customers are satisfied with my level of service to them at the end of the day.","Bank Teller Representative","Current Employee","Bainbridge, OH","February 17, 2015","4.0"
"Career Opportunities Abound","Stable IT environment with good leaders. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow within the different areas of the bank.","Technology Manager - Testing Services","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 16, 2015","3.0"
"not a good place to work","no communication any where in the company, I would not recommend working her unless you are friends with the manager or you like to kiss butt Thanks the only way you will get along or make it there","3rd shift Operations Supervisor","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","February 16, 2015","2.0"
"Productive and fun work place","Helping customers manage their daily expenses and perform routine transactions while provided beneficial alternatives to traditional banking.","Customer Service","Current Employee","Leola, PA","February 16, 2015","5.0"
"Leran as you go enviornment","I had been with this bank for 3 years and nothing has changed. Management/ Employee relationship is way too personal and not by any means professional. They hire the wrong people and blame you for not being able to turn them into selling all stars when they've had absolutely no selling experience. Micromanagement and favoritism among employees with no sense of recognition. No wonder why this bank has so many job openings, too much turnover, it's because they can't hire the right people and when they do, they do not pay well at all. I would not work for this bank ever again nor recommend them to anyone.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","OHIO","February 15, 2015","3.0"
"Highmark","Overall very good company, lots of perks for working for the company. Normal work-life balance. Worked there for 9 years, mostly enjoyable learning experience.","Transmission Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 13, 2015","4.0"
"Great summer job","If you enjoy being outside for the heat and a summer job, enjoying all the awesome concerts held in your town this would be a recommended job for you. Learned how to manage different groups of people towards managerial skills i would later use in my life","Aramark Supervisor","Former Employee","Holmdel, NJ","February 13, 2015","4.0"
"Fast Paced Environment","Would take phone calls most the day, with meetings and coaching sessions in order to identify possible areas for improvement. Would always get very positive feedback. Very stressful job, in which threats and being cussed out were a daily occurrence. Still, I absolutely loved the job. Learned to handle high stress, high pressure situations. Learned how to handle and manage large money accounts and acquisitions. Developed my customer relation skills further; mainly my communication skills, but also learning how to work in a fast paced, aggressive work environment. Learned a lot. Most enjoyable part of the job was being able to explain situations to people and help give them some piece of mind.","Customer Care Center","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 13, 2015","4.0"
"Decent Job","Each day is filled with different good and bad things happening. I learned I need to do my own research from even with other departments The Management Expect you to do your job and make their jobs easy Your co-workers depending on how long they have been there, can either be of great assistance or a pleasant way to blow off steam. The most enjoyable part is when you can help a customer your trying to collect from.","COLLECTOR III","Former Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","February 12, 2015","3.0"
"Very professional workplace that offers many opportunities for advancement","I really enjoyed how this bank values involvement with the community. The company makes sure their clients are taken care of and are made to feel special and important. My favorite part of my job was seeing my clients everyday and I even had some that would come in just to visit. I also really enjoyed counting large amounts of money on a daily basis managing the ATM, vault, and shipping and receiving money orders to stock the branch.The hardest part of my job was cold calling. People do not take well to that sort of thing but often times it must me done to make sales goals.","Switcher","Former Employee","Snellville, GA","February 12, 2015","5.0"
"Grocery store banking is a joke","The distribution model that this bank has put in place in the grocery market is laughable at best. The absolute lack of professionalism, and poor quality of senior management, guiding the process leaves the employee feeling like a preschooler approaching a school bully in the aisles of the store. I have never been more humiliated by my association with an organization than by this joke of a job, which was sold as a fantastic opportunity for a new career. I think not.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Annapolis MD","February 12, 2015","1.0"
"Review"," this bank offers employees great opportunities to grow individually and as a team. They are truly a good company to work for, but you have to work hard for what you want.","Commercial Client Services","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 11, 2015","4.0"
"Great Place to Work","I loved working at this bank. I am looking for a new career because I will be moving out of the Cleveland area. I would love to stay with the company if I was able to find work closer to where I will be living.","Screener","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 11, 2015","5.0"
"Management","The management is great to work with. They are very understanding during the training and are there for you when you need something.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Chesterfield, MO","February 10, 2015","5.0"
"Fun workplace"," this bank acquired RBC (Royal Bank of Canada) after only one year of working for them. Never had a problem with RBC but i think this bank could it done a better job with the transition.","Bank Teller Specialist","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","February 10, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Enjoyed working with co-workers and learned how to be a team player. Had many great experiences in the 13 years that I worked there.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Boca Raton, Fl","February 10, 2015","5.0"
"High pressure, little management support, poor executive staff","Branch roles are all about sales and very little about service. Company executives expect a 30+ min solutions assessment conversation with 'every' customer or you must explain why you didn't have the conversation. Highly micromanaged with little support from upper management. Lobby engagement - or the 'WalMart greeter' job - is unpopular with customers and staff but upper management insists on making the staff perform it Some branch managers were absolutely horrible - one in particular went thru 14 employees in 2 years - yet was not only supported by but promoted by regional management. You have to be really liked by someone with influence or with a member of upper management to get promoted. You will not be promoted on skill alone (but this may be symptomatic of corp American in general).","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Indiana","February 9, 2015","2.0"
"It's Banking","A lot of work for minimal pay. Great work schedule, with all holidays off, Sundays off and shorter hours on Saturdays. Account perks were nice.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Massillon, OH","February 8, 2015","2.0"
"A typical day","I work in the consumer direct division which is a call center environment working on retention of current customers. You get leads from the bank portfolio to call on and attempt to refinance. There are a lot of streamline customer's available. The biggest issue is when you do your job as a group and overload processing, they will turn the rates higher and slow production down.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 8, 2015","4.0"
"Not bad but pay stinks","I loved the company it's benefits and everything that I was able to learn there from coworkers and management but the pay is not good.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Harrisburg, PA","February 8, 2015","3.0"
"Very good employer","Good place to work and healthy team environment. Work and Life balance. Excellent benefits and support from management","Business Banker","Current Employee","Morristown, NJ","February 7, 2015","5.0"
"Good hours with competitive incentives","You are able to work 9-5 and have many holidays off. It takes some time getting to know customers. There are a lot of changes taking place in the banking world which can be hard to explain to the customers.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Indiana","February 6, 2015","4.0"
"Productive place and great place to work at","I loved this place. I learned a lot of thing in processing mail and I was also very fast at learning the different forms and techniques of processing. I loved that they moved me out of the processing room and trained me on the computer to put in the information for ATM cards. I was excited to move up and I truly thought that. I was going to get hired on permanently and they told me that. I thought that I had a job to grow from and I would be there for some years to come. I did everything they asked me to do and they told me that they where going to hire me and they turned around and gave the job to a person that was always late, or calling off and hardly knew what she was doing. They hired her permanently. I was so crushed. But all and all I did love that job","Mail and File Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2015","5.0"
"Interesting and challenging place to work","Working at this bank back as a consultant was a challenging opportunity as they were introducing processes and methodologies for managing their IT environment.","Release Management Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 6, 2015","4.0"
"Good work/life balance","It is a nice organization to work for if a person is clearly at an established level within their career who is looking for their last job. People tend to coast and are very comfortable not progressing or pushing boundaries for improvement. It is an environment that breeds stability and mediocrity.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","February 5, 2015","2.0"
"Bait and Switch at Miracle Mile","I applied for a CSA position, and was hired. I was informed that I would be working mainly at a service desk, with limited time on the teller line ( I was told 90% service desk / 10% teller line). I found this to be acceptable, having 8 years of banking experience, I was interested in learning more about customer service / account opening and sales than working on the teller side. I was completely mislead. I worked at the Miracle Mile branch for 8 months, and in that eight months, was on the teller line everyday, with very minimal time at a service desk. The turn over rate for tellers at this branch is ridiculous, I believe this is due to low wages and incredibly poor management skills. These employees must handle extremely large amounts of cash and are faced with the possibility of armed robbery daily, stress levels are through the roof. I inquired with my manager, and she reacted in a very unprofessional manor. I was then berated as to who told me this information, which by the way, she did and basically, I was treated as though I was being reprimanded, for inquiring about my current position. In truth, I feel I was hired for one position, and the manager just placed me where she needed a body. At this point, I decided that there was something drastically wrong with what I had been told at the interview, and with the treatment I received from the management. I knew that I was never going to be able to perform the position that I had been hired for. So within a month, I found a position with another company, paying much better and without the micromanaging. this bank could - more...","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Monroeville, PA","February 5, 2015","2.0"
"Nice place to work if you enjoy talking to people about services !!","Open branch, perform night drop bags before opening, servicing customers needs(deposits,check cashing, payments etc) Lobby engagement with customers. Engage in conversation to help customers get every service that we offer . Balancing at end of day. Performing various closing duties,","Customer Service","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","February 4, 2015","3.0"
"knowledgable","It was an great and growing experience to work for this bank My knowledge during that time was grown extensively and I came to meet some of the best co-workers I still call friends today.","Senior Processing","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","February 4, 2015","4.0"
"Productive and fun place to work for.","I had just started my career in IT and it was very stressful to work with large team and understanding business. My manager coached and help me a lot. Felt very good during completion of my project. I did learned a lot about IT industry and finance while at this bank. Initially I was overwhelm by the data but once I started to see it in smaller segment it was comprehensible.","Business Objects Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburg, PA","February 4, 2015","5.0"
"Name Change - Game Change","Ability to grow within the company was unlimitless. In some instances management encouraged the growth of employees reporting to them. Other instances management was extremely difficult to communicate with - unable to locate or reach by phone.","Business Banking","Former Employee","Troy, MI","February 4, 2015","5.0"
"Productive, fun and a great learning experience","A typical day at work is helping customers with their transactions such as deposits, withdrawals, and account reviews I have learned a great deal since I started in June 2014. I learned business banking, and improved my communication skills and customer service as well. I love my co-workers, I really enjoy working with them, that is another reason why I am so happy to go to work everyday The challenging part of the job is having zero difference at the end of every shift The most enjoyable part of the job is having a conversation with customers and co-workers","Teller","Current Employee","Olney, MD","February 3, 2015","5.0"
"Few people and data to do what was needed","chasing down data alone. mortgage industry from various viewpoints. no co-workers really. hardest part was to be able to get data. nothing really to be liked","AVP","Former Employee","Libertyville, IL","February 3, 2015","1.0"
"Good","It was really good working on this company.People were very helpful here and the career growth was great. I absolutely enjoyed working in this company.","Project Manager","Former Employee","Ohio","February 3, 2015","5.0"
