"Great people"," this bank has a great work-life balance and a pretty decent compensation package. The people there are great and I would definitely work there again if I could","Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 16, 2020","5.0"
"work environment ","good place if you like to work from home but very stressful environment on the phone and you have to be on your own most of the time with the client. ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","work from home","November 16, 2020","3.0"
"Good place to work to get experience but pay It's not good ","Managers are great and they really helped you. You could move up very fast with the company. It does have great benefits like pension, 401k and many more. Pay is very low, for the job you do. ","Branch Banker","Current Employee","New Jersey","November 15, 2020","3.0"
"Good for Employees","Not bad place to work for employees. Nice benefits, nice vacation time and paid time off policies. Day to day job not too challenging but can get very monotonous. ","Help Desk Administrator","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 7, 2020","3.0"
"Wish it were busier","Some Branches have very slow traffic while others are always hopping.Great company to work for though. Our leads were old and always the same names, they should also offer more competitive deposit products.","Universal Banker II","Former Employee","Maitland, FL","November 4, 2020","4.0"
"Horrible place to work","Play favorites!!!!! This company is a JOKE a lot of gossiping, breaking rules HR Doesn't care! Nobody cares about YOU! They closing branches all the time and left ppl without job. ","Teller II","Current Employee","Florida","November 4, 2020","1.0"
"Foot in the Door","I wouldn't recommend working for this company at a branch however you would learn a lot for your next career opportunity. I did enjoy my job as a teller however once I moved up I began hating my position and breaking down on my lunch break due to stress. this bank has also taken away many of the benefits I earned when I first started to give more to customers. ","Banker","Former Employee","Maryland","November 2, 2020","2.0"
"Job security","Always knew what needed to be done. Enjoyed my customers and fellow team members. There are many commercials and print ads for this bank which gives it great name recognition.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Jupiter, FL","November 1, 2020","5.0"
"No advancement management has favorites","OverallMy experience working at this bank your just another employeeDo Not work here no room for advancement no training to do new roles the training they have is on a computer that you get on orientation. Blackout dates and rules on how you can use your vacation seniority gets1st picks on vacations if your denied for a date and call-out your written up.You only get 7 call-outs but have to wait a full year to receive them again (call-outs do not renew every January) if you use more than 5 call-outs your placed on a verbal warning. Raises are horrible 5 and 10 cents for doing your best and your manager gets to determine how much of a raise if any you get do not apply here unless you enjoy being taken advantage of and lied too.","Accounts Receivable Lockbox Operations","Current Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","November 1, 2020","1.0"
" Being the Lead Teller will drain the life out of you.","Work-life balanceMy personal favorite are all the work conversations to your personal phone on your off time! Everything is personal. Always and forever short staffed.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 29, 2020","3.0"
"Worst place I've ever worked ","Their call center is too busy and if you love yourself you won't work there. The management is toxic the pay is trash for the amount of stuff you deal with on the daily with their customers. Look someone else.","Customer Service Representative I Lead","Former Employee","Remote","October 28, 2020","1.0"
"Okay job for someone with no experience","Got boring after a few months - nothing new to learn. No advancement in the company. Customers were often rude but you had to take it because 'customers are always right'","Teller","Current Employee","Clever, MO","October 28, 2020","4.0"
"Good paying part-time job","The pay was good for a part-time job. For the most part, everyone was fairly nice and willing to help me learn. The company tried to make sure we were as safe as possible during COVID, which was nice. However, there was a lot of pressure on everyone to make sales which made for a tense work environment. Wouldn't go back but overall the job was decent.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 28, 2020","3.0"
"Only interested in the RICHEST of the RICH"," this bank often stressed the need to SELL SELL SELL their products. This bank does not want customers with lower or middle class families, they are only interested in wealthy customers whom use this bank credit cards. The management is a joke as it is the same people year to year, they are not management because of any degree of skill, solely because they kiss butt and agree with everything the boss says.","Teller","Former Employee","Cranberry, PA","October 27, 2020","1.0"
"High turn over","Ok to work here. They only really care if they can benefit. Very stressful you only advance if you are a favorite. Not cool at all upper management is unfair ","Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","October 23, 2020","3.0"
"Good Place to work Sales"," this bank is a great company to work for if you are looking for a sales position. They truly care about their employees and do all that they can to make sure the work environment is safe and inclusive. The management cares about their employees and their ability to progress in their careers. It is overall a safe bet to grow your career. ","Teller","Current Employee","Hartville, OH","October 22, 2020","5.0"
"Lots of work for little pay","I worked inside a giant and they wanted us to hassle the shoppers for credit cards while they shopped. The pay was also bad for the amount of work they wanted you to do. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Timonium, MD","October 22, 2020","2.0"
"Stable ","benefits are great, management is great they truly care about you. They are not pushy on sales. Excellent work like balance time off and flexible schedule ","Lead Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 20, 2020","5.0"
"Great career","Always room to grow. Lots of information and training. Customer and sale focused. Time management can sometimes be hard. Great products and solutions for all ages","Teller","Former Employee","New Jersey","October 20, 2020","5.0"
"Enjoyable at times, but not always the best.","For the most part it is a good work environment. This position is more for an entry level/stepping stone into other positions within the company. The co-workers are nice to work with. The job itself is nothing special, along with the pay. this bank offers great benefits.","Teller","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","October 20, 2020","4.0"
"Wealth Management Intern","Not very respectfulReally didn't attribute any actual tangible workHad to figure out almost everything on my ownBoss was very niceThe internship program had no direction and I did not learn very much good pay","Wealth Management Intern","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2020","2.0"
"Good company going downhill"," this bank was great at first, customer service was the most important goal. Then, almost overnight, sales became the dominating concern. Initially I worked in a branch environment. The sales pressure over time became intolerable, so I decided to apply for and obtain a position in a less stressful environment.In my role as client Solution Specialist, it was a great, very professional atmosphere. Many good people. Unfortunately this is a position you cannot learn with a handful of books, training that consisted of 5 days sitting and watching another rep, and a 'buddy' via Skype, who was mostly tied up with their own jobs to take time to assist. Asking for assistance was frowned upon, and nothing shy of perfection was treated as a disaster, where good performance was rarely addressed. this bank started as a great job, but the sales pressure in the retail side, and the borderline hostile atmosphere of the , it became a nightmare that worsened daily. 2015 this bank was a great company. Throughout 2016 it was mostly downhill. 2017 became absolutely intolerable from a stress standpoint to the degree I resigned before I even had alternative employment lined up. It was that stressful.","Client Solution Specialist Sr","Former Employee","Downtown Ft Lauderdale","October 19, 2020","2.0"
"Upper Management "," this bank is a great company for benefits. Other than that, they do not pay well, upper management is lacking proper leadership models and most are not fair and honest with employees. ","Manager","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 16, 2020","2.0"
"Great management"," this bank really wants to see all of their employees grow and succeed. Although there are a lot of tasks to complete within a single workday. You are surrounded by a team to help make it happen.","Branch Manager Sr Staff Manager II","Former Employee","Reading, OH","October 15, 2020","4.0"
"Terrible","Wasted many years at this job. this bank preaches about inclusiveness and diversity and I didn't experience either of these things working here. Management did not follow any guidelines for the pandemic, no temp checks/masks worn etc. Manager let several employees keep coming into work sick. Lots of racist and prejudice comments made every day. Extremely hostile work environment. You will get bullied until you finally leave if they don't like you or you don't fit in. This didn't only happen to just me at this branch either. Customer surveys reflect how terrible most associates are, I often carried the team to get bonus at end of quarter. I have spent many days physically sick from the stress I have endured from working here. Expect your mental health to plummet. ","Branch Associate","Former Employee","United States","October 15, 2020","1.0"
"Good job","I loved the part time position I had. Also they train well but you get a better hang of everything when you actually start to work on the phones and get comfortable speaking with people.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 12, 2020","4.0"
"Great place to work introducing clients to banking products.","I enjoyed introducing banking clients to banking products that would help them with their financial issues. Having repeat clients requesting my service was extremely rewarding to me. ","Teller Banking Representative","Former Employee","Bridgeville, PA","October 11, 2020","5.0"
"So many sale and referral","I used to work for this bank for the last 16 years, they offered me an early retirement since MarchIt was nice to work there , good benefit but too stressful , always shorted staffs","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Fredericksburg, VA","October 9, 2020","3.0"
"Company walks their talk","Very good company to work for; great training program; good pay; great management. Company cares about continuous improvement. Also company seeks to develop talent within organization. Strong organizational communication is practiced at all levels.","Support Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","October 8, 2020","4.0"
"High stress work environment ","The company confuses the daily tracking of activities with quantifiable results. Much time is wasted tracking behaviors that do not lead to required goal achievement. This creates a stressful, unproductive work environment. Additionally there are too many layers of management in this organization which muddies communication from the top down. Finally, the centralization of decision making creates barriers to nimbly assist customers in any meaningful way. ","ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT","Former Employee","Ashland, KY","October 7, 2020","2.0"
"Great place to work!","Great place to work! Supportive management and team members. Flexibility in scheduling. Work life balance. Champion of social justice. Allowed to work from home during pandemic.","Quality Analyst II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 6, 2020","4.0"
"Cliquey Environment","Pay & benefitsMy pay and benefits at this bank are fantastic. They pay you fairly and they also give you plenty of PTO as well as holidays. The health and dental benefits were fantastic and were very affordable for a single individual.","Banker","Former Employee","Milwaukee, WI","October 6, 2020","3.0"
"Great benefits and room to grow.","I haven't started yet, but from what I could tell this bank truly cares for their employees and the benefits/PTO is definitely a plus. Highly recommend working for this company. ","Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 6, 2020","5.0"
"Branch Banker Associate","Do not listen to what they promise you. You will work 9-10 hour days in a glorified retail position. The company allows for customers to walk all over you, so long as they are happy. The only thing that they are concerned about is making a sale and trying to bring up numbers. They care very little for work-life balance and instead want you to be committed to a culture of selling and putting customers before your family. If it was not for my manager, I would have quit long ago. You will meet plenty of great co-workers, but it does not make up for the poor excuse of the rest of the job. The technology is 30 years behind and the systems you work with often crash or are not user friendly. In the position I worked, I had to do personal banking and teller work. You would think that would justify some kind of pay raise, but you will make marginally more than a teller and less than a banker. Essentially you are paid to do two jobs while receiving the pay of one job. The hours are long, and often I have worked 3-4 Saturdays a month. In terms of career advancement, it really depends on how they are feeling. They will tell you that after the first year of working here that you are able to move anywhere in the company. This is false doctrine, as they have denied me to 14 different jobs that I have applied for since my one year. Unless you produce an unholy amount of sales, they have no interest in moving you from retail. In conclusion, if you like sales and customer service you will enjoy this position. Personally I value a work-life balance and the retail positions at this bank do not - more...","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 5, 2020","1.0"
"Decent company with good benefits but lacking compensation","I worked for this bank for five years and only during my last year did I have a manager that did their best to see about where I wanted to go in the company.. The company has great benefits with their 401k, health, dental, vision and employee stock purchasing. Working in retail banking gets very tiring.. After awhile you get tired of the clientele that comes in with overdrawn accounts every other day that can't manage their accounts. If you're good at multiple tasks don't be surprised to be taken advantaged of. I was the ATM custodian for years because another coworker was too slow. And I was expected to manage the teller line and also do banking on the platform side. Worked very hard day to day and deserved to be in a better position or at least be getting raises as I had always had a meets all yearly review.Also, the incentives you receive quarterly were lacking and felt like a joke. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Tamarac, FL","October 4, 2020","3.0"
"Great coworkers ","Work-life balanceHighly gossip-ridden corporation. High stress. Not enough staff. Poor SchedulePay & benefitsMy pay and benefits at this bank are poor. They keep taking away ability to earn incentivesJob security and advancementZero opportunity for advancementManagementIn general, managers at this bank turnover quickly.CultureGreat co-workersOverallSell-sell-sell, close to Wells Fargo. Unethical practice","Branch Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wisconsin","October 1, 2020","1.0"
"Enjoyed working here. ","I enjoyed working for this bank. Advancement in the company. Short staffed most of the time and a lot of turnover in branches. Compensation was good. Time off was good and all of their benefits were great. ","Teller","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 1, 2020","5.0"
"Great Benefit","Requires high standards in salesBeing a Teller is extremely easy. They give you trainingBanker Job requires more. Hours are extended which sucks a little 9-6 m-f ","Branch Banker Sales Associate","Current Employee","Washington, DC","October 1, 2020","4.0"
"Pay","The pay is good.As for job security, It all depends on what department your working in and the position.If coming in as a temp., Your most likely going to be just that, a temp.","Funder","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 30, 2020","3.0"
"Good job","The people make it worth it and if u like working in a fast paced environment then this wonderful environment is great for you and is helpful with family","Teller Lead","Former Employee","New York, NY","September 29, 2020","5.0"
"You get what you give","I have seen some amazing careers happen within this bank for people who try and are open to change, that are hard working and love people. I have seen careers end quickly when there was a bad fit. this bank heavily emphasizes you being in charge of your own development with them as a support and for me personally, I have loved it and I feel like I have plenty of support when I am looking for a good next step in my career. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Battle Creek, MI","September 29, 2020","5.0"
"Low pay and stressful work environment. ","Work-life balance at this bank is not good. My pay and benefits at this bank are low","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Winston-Salem, NC","September 29, 2020","2.0"
"A lot is changing ","DO NOT PLAN ON BANKERS HOURS HERE! A lot has changed around expectations on your work life balance. this bank claims to have been voted top 10 for mother's.. that's a joke in my opinion. this bank hold their employees to a great standard of excellence and I will never discredit that but you end up putting your all into this company to realize you're a number to them unless you provide something. ","Universal Banker","Former Employee","DuBois, PA","September 28, 2020","4.0"
"Branch Banker","Work-life balanceMy management team and colleagues are great to work with always can count on anyone if assistance is neededPay & benefitsI have no complaintsJob security and advancementThey always go within for open positions before going externalManagementMy manager is awesome hands downCultureNothingOverallI have no plans to leave. I enjoy working for this bank. I see long-term goals . I would highly recommend any close friend or family member to work for this bank.","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 27, 2020","5.0"
"Toxic","If you enjoyed high school than you will enjoy this bank. If you are a Manager it's impossible to be successful. You are told to manage and coach but the regional managers encourage hourly employees to call HR and complain. Human Resources is like the parents of the kid who got a C on the test. The place is a joke ","Assistant Vice President Branch Manager","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 26, 2020","1.0"
"Work from home ","Absolutely horrible experience. I was literally interrogated during training because the mentor apparently didn't like me. I was fired for issuing a credit to a customers account even though my manager told me it was OK. I was reported to an ethics line for it. No one there likes their job. Money is decent but it's just horrible. As bad as collections. ","CSR Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Work from home","September 25, 2020","1.0"
"Really Customer Oriented ","Overall, great bank to work at since the local branches are well-organized and are very friendly. They really give opportunities to employees to grow.","Teller","Current Employee","New Jersey","September 25, 2020","5.0"
"Racist Company","They are extremely unprofessional, vindictive, the initiators of office politics and create hostile work environments. They encourage their less productive workers to harass their more productive workers. They are very intimidated by those who are more knowledgeable than them who are in lower positions than they are. They know those people have the potential to go a lot further in the company and they pull out all the stops to keep that from happening.On top of that I complained to the EEOC and they fired me.They like to keep people around who are less knowledgeable than them, brown nose and have no ethics or morals. As long as those people are around, they know that there positions are safe. Whereas someone whose a strong performer, knowledgeable and is able to do their job well with integrity, they try to get rid of and are very successful at doing it","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 25, 2020","1.0"
"Good pay and benefits "," this bank is a solid company with good benefits. Branches have set hours, and tellers don't need to stay indefinitely after work because the vault needs to be closed. Retail banking isn't for everyone. Some customers are just angry and irrational, particularly when they have caused their own problem. Unfortunately, they sometimes get the opportunity to answer a survey about you personally after they visit the branch. this bank. takes these surveys as gospel, and you can end up doing your job well, correctly, and kindly but being dinged in the survey by unreasonable customers. You have no defense. Something else that's hard is that this bank is very oriented to large cities, and their sales techniques and expectations don't play well in small towns where you have the same customers over and over. They don't want a credit card, as they told you last week and the week before, and some don't like that tellers are looking at their accounts closely, even to see what services or upgrades might really be helpful. They also don't like waiting in a line out the door because tellers are required to try to sell or set an appointment with each transaction. ","Teller","Former Employee","Lancaster, PA","September 25, 2020","4.0"
"Never worked for a more horrible establishment","The company is ridiculous the staff talks about every other staff member the drama in the place is worse then being in high school and if your not apart of the manager click then they will do everything to get you fired the absolutely worst company i have ever worked for","Team Member","Former Employee","Rockford, IL","September 24, 2020","1.0"
"paid time off","Job security and advancementIn terms of job security at this bank , I think they are doing a very good job with security an advancement.","Branch Sales Associate Representative","Current Employee","Central nj","September 24, 2020","2.0"
"Team work","Was very educational. engaging and inclusive in all their aspects Managers made you feel engaged in learning the company ways and sought to guide you through the process of understanding the company's objectives ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","New Braunfels, TX","September 23, 2020","4.0"
"Needs Improvement","Pay isn't great but this is a good starter job and you will learn a lot. Compared to other banks around , they are lower paying. Incentives have been taken away and it gives you no purpose to really work for this company.","Teller","Former Employee","Bethesda, MD","September 23, 2020","3.0"
"Good Stepping stool","Good stepping stool as a teller. If you are not a salesperson, don't bother. The numbers game is very prevalent in this industry. It can become monotonous, unless you have a manager who's humane enough to pay you well and help you grow. ","Teller","Former Employee","Wayne, PA","September 21, 2020","3.0"
"Promotes diversity and inclusion"," this bank will give you the opportunity grow your career if you choose. The embrace diversity and encourage involvement in the community . I was employed for 12 years until Covid caused my department to shut down permanently. Opportunities to work at home if that fits your lifestyle.","Business Development Officer","Current Employee","Saint Petersburg, FL","September 21, 2020","5.0"
"Unfair ","My manager was a nightmare Nice then stabs you in backShe was prejudice Company does not stand behind employees Salary doesn't compare to other banks","Teller","Former Employee","Delray Beach, FL","September 19, 2020","1.0"
"Consultant ","Was stressful but stable job , it was what you expect from a typical call center job. Stress on top of stress. The company was ok but the job itself wasn't for me.","Consultant","Former Employee","Remote","September 18, 2020","4.0"
"Typical call center","Worked in default department collecting on past due credit card accounts. Low hourly pay, back to back calls. Ok for students or someone just needing this temporary to get by. ","Customer Support","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 17, 2020","2.0"
"Productive and a very good work environment ","Good benefits and an awesome work place. Had no issues and also learned a lot working there as well. Dealt with a lot of customers who had a lot of problems and I had learned how to solve them in a timely matter, with multitasking as well! ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","September 16, 2020","5.0"
"PTSD will get you fired","Had trouble advancing due to being told no continually in taking classes for advancement. Managers who do not follow policies are not reprimanded. Those associates who do not follow policies get advancement opportunities quicker. PTSD or any mental disabilities will get you fired. Human Resources only concerned about accommodations for physical but not mental disabilities. It is only about sales and have you push products such as credit cards even if it is not best for customers. ","Branch Banker Sr","Former Employee","Long Neck, DE","September 15, 2020","1.0"
"Managers make the difference","During my almost six years at this bank, I had one phenomenal manager and one horrible manager. The difference drove me to leave the company. The corporate side is much more in tune with employees, their needs and concerns and opinions. The retails side is not. It's all about reaching your numbers.","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","South Jersey","September 15, 2020","3.0"
"Customer Service Associate","OverallGreat place to work! Great benefits, paid vacation, flexible hours, training is provided accordingly, give you chances to learn and opportunities to grow within the Organization.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Pompano Beach, FL","September 15, 2020","5.0"
"Changing, and not for the better.","I can only speak for working in the branch. Do not go anywhere near this place if you have prior successful sales experience in banking. The incentive program is a rat race and training is nonexistent.","Banker","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 15, 2020","1.0"
"Wonderful company benefits","Benefits package is unmatched. Only downfall, most branches do not have much opportunity to be promoted. Pay could be better with all the positions entail.","Services Associate Universal","Current Employee","Saint Clairsville, OH","September 12, 2020","4.0"
"Branch Services and Sales Associate","Good team atmosphere and this bank is really focused on continuous training and development . Culture is also important here, I worked on a campus so I was able to participate in a lot of students events which was stressful time but really fun at the same time. I would definitely recommend this company.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Champaign, IL","September 12, 2020","5.0"
"Nice to start out ","It pays a decent amount for you job you do and the benefits for part timers are decent. I wish the company had standard hours for part timers like they can't work more than 30 hours a week. Unfortunately most part timers work just under 40 hours (for example 37-38) hours without reaping full time benefits. That is unfair and misleading.","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","September 10, 2020","3.0"
"Its a slave shop. Work the people as much as possible, then cut them."," this bank is a bad work environment, its cronyism at the worst. If you don't know the right people, your life is done. If you are not a yes person, your manager will get revenge.","Release Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 9, 2020","1.0"
"Good place to start","Good place to start in the financial / sales industry, pays industry standard for tellers. 401k and benefits available, part time schedules available for those going to college and looking for a part time job with regular hours.A LOT of sales pressure.Less than average compensation for bankers in the industry. Limited opportunity for growth, and when you do prove your worth, your pay bump is barely recognizable. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","West Grove, NJ","September 9, 2020","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank keeps employees in the know and offers a great work-life balance. The people at this bank are usually very nice and easy to work with, making it easy to come to work each day.","Internal Auditor","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 8, 2020","5.0"
"Racist Company","A typical day at work here is not easy, the management was not respectful and the CEO didn't seem to care. the best part was co workers and customers they made the day. But overall this company is racist. I failed a charge with the EEOC and they fired me about a week later.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Virtual","September 8, 2020","1.0"
"MIS is not stable","Management in MIS practice house cleaning every 6 months regardless of your ability. Positions are eliminated. Go work in Retail. Processes change every 6 months. Agile is not industry standard.","Scrum Master","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 6, 2020","3.0"
"Horrible Management & Unfair Treatment","Management is absolutely horrendous. The managers are two-faced.I felt like I am not treated equally based on position. The managers have favorites, there is always some sort of drama that they sit in office all day and gossip.The benefits are nice. The managers seem to think treating their employees like animals and brainwashing us into thinking this is normal treatment is OK.The managers fired the two employees that were open about their sexuality and I find that interesting - this bank boasts about their diversity, yet they fired them...our staff consists of only two POC (the rest is entirely white). The new employee that they hired got terminated within a week (she was also a POC, for reference).I learned to stick up for myself, not be taken advantage of (even though it almost got me fired multiple times).I went to the managers to file a complaint against another employee for inappropriate misconduct, yet they turned it into a lesson on how I was wrong for coming to them and it wasn't important enough to be filed on my behalf. I felt like I wasn't heard and I was bashed for bringing the situation to light.The branch manager breaks the dress code consistently. I wore a pair of heels (once) & they did not have a strap on the back. I got called into the office and was demanded to change my shoes. Wearing short dresses, sleeveless shirts/dresses, etc, the dress code doesn't apply to her. Abuse of power & position.The branch manager boldly told the staff, to our faces, with no hesitation, about her breast augmentation, because that is ethical and that is definitely - more...","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Cranberry Township, PA","September 5, 2020","1.0"
"Poor Management & Leadership","This company does not care about its employees unless you have a Management title. They will overlook complaints and concerns regarding management until a Client complains or reports it.","Small Business Specialist","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","September 4, 2020","2.0"
"Nothing ","upper management does not care about you as an employee. You can tell them you are being bullied by your superiors and they do not care to listen to you. The environment is very toxic ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","September 3, 2020","1.0"
"Stressful","The people you work with and for are fine, but the training isn't the same and many haven't gotten full retraining as they change over the past 20 years. No one seems to be on the same page and the customers can see that. ","Loan Services Representative","Current Employee","Remote","September 3, 2020","3.0"
"Former Pgh Employee","● Work-life balanceMy branch had absolutely no work life balance. It was basically like you back to high school in terms of the employees being extremely over-dramatic, refusing to do their jobs, and there was never follow up from management unless it was to punish. Even then, it felt like they didn't want to handle out of control employees. Because of that, I was constantly on call, coming in on my days off and staying late but getting in trouble for the amount of overtime I inevitably accrued.● Pay & benefitsTeller supervisors with this bank are grossly under compensated for their role. We were expected to act as managers with barely an increase in salary from a basic full- or part-time teller.● Job security and advancement this bank always has opportunities for advancement but they will absolutely play favorites on who they allow to progress.● ManagementManagement, from branch to upper management, only care about meeting their sales goals. You are not a valued employee, you are a small part of a large machine. It does not matter if you are sick, overworked, in need of help from your management team, they are not there for you.● CultureIt was like walking back into high school, complete with cliques and double standards. If you want a professional career, avoid banking at the branch level with this bank unless you have the patience of a saint.● OverallOverall, I do not recommend this bank as a place to establish a professional career in banking or otherwise unless you are okay with playing the role of either yes man or scapegoat.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 3, 2020","1.0"
"The Banker Era is over","The bank industry was already not doing as great but now with COVID-19. The banker era is done. Too much responsibility with low pay. Too much drama!.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 2, 2020","3.0"
"Not a Bad Place to Work"," this bank has a lot of potential, overall it is a great company. Personally I just experienced a team that was losing management, resources, support, and respect from partners at the bank. I've noticed the department does a very poor job at re-hiring much needed resources, however I can't speak on behalf of the overall company. ","Risk Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 1, 2020","4.0"
"Terrible ","Most of the leadership is extremely conservative and republican — they talk a good game but the disrespect is everywhere This outfit operates totally on favoritism and a caste systemI spent over a decade here and am so happy I left Be careful ","Retail branches","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 28, 2020","1.0"
"Worked with a great team; HR needs to learn to do thorough investigations","I worked at this bank for 5 years. I had some great co-workers that made working there not so bad. The pay wasn't too bad either. HR doesn't conduct thorough investigations - they call and interview you about an incident, then fire you a couple days later. They don't bother to send somebody to the branch to do a thorough investigation. ","Teller","Former Employee","New Philadelphia, OH","August 28, 2020","1.0"
"Your opinion matters. Inclusive work culture","Work environment is very fast and at times grueling. Culture is supportive and inclusive. You don't mind working hard for a company that values you and what you contribute.","Team Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 28, 2020","5.0"
"Don't be fooled....","Poor training, yet, you will be expected to know everything and continuously micromanaged (no room for you to apply what you learned and grow). Harassment, disrespect, undervalued, favoritism from managers - you will not be measured by your work/merit, it will be whether or not a manager 'likes' you. this bank doesn't practice what it preaches. It sure knows how to make itself look good on paper. Managers abuse of their position to invade your privacy (e.g. demanding to use cameras to see inside your home) - and this bank will sit back and let them turn the workplace into a school playground. ","Virtual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 26, 2020","1.0"
"It's something new and a great experience ","I really enjoy working at this bank I've learned so much it's just a great experience overall, this bank also have great Benefits for you and your family also. ","Banker","Current Employee","Washington, DC","August 26, 2020","5.0"
"Not at all prepared for surges in volume","They don't seem prepared for fluctuations in work volume. Pay is low for market standards so they have a hard time bringing on staff. Bonus can be lucrative but it's easy to lose","Underwriter","Current Employee","Remote","August 25, 2020","3.0"
"Stretches Employees Thin","I was a 'part time' teller who was regularly scheduled 45+ hours a week. But they preach no overtime under any circumstance so I would often be there 6 days a week for 9+ hours a day, with 1-2 hour unpaid lunches where I just sort of sat around and waited to clock back in, all so I could stay under 39.75 hours, or god forbid they'd have to pay me benefits. I was told this was temporary as they were short staffed but this went on for the entire time I worked there. Within a few months of being there I was one of the senior-most tellers because the turnover rate was so high and everyone around me left. Management expects so much of you and it's impossible to meet all quotas and expectations. The customers are allowed to walk all over you and you just have to eat it with a smile. Management expects you to do the job of 3-4 people yet doesn't even pay well enough to cover the job you were hired to do. Worst job I've ever had. I took a $6/hour pay cut to work somewhere else because I was so desperate to get out.","Teller","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 25, 2020","1.0"
"Company needs a lot of improvement","Company needs a lot of improvement. I would seriously reconsider working here. Poor management and very stressful. Employees are not valued. There is no room for growth. The system is horrible.","Loan Processor Analyst","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","August 23, 2020","1.0"
"Great for entry level","A great place to learn the industry. The benefits are pretty good. Salaries are ok at best. Layoffs should be a concern for anyone not in upper management.","Senior Investment Accountant","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","August 23, 2020","4.0"
"Fun but stressful","Bad management but great team. We got paid for training and travel which was nice. Favoritism is huge in the company and as long as they like you they give you anything. If sales are good you get nothing.","Teller 1","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","August 22, 2020","3.0"
"Life/Work","You are merely just a number with this bank. Incentive programs have been removed, additional hours during week and Saturdays added to schedule with no notice and overtime is unacceptable. If you're short staffed, plan to work like a dog without a break.Management on all levels is a joke!","Lead Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Oak Hall, VA","August 22, 2020","1.0"
"Poisoned Environment","Over time it became painfully apparent just how unhealthy the working environment and culture of this bank is. Top persons in management engages in gossipy conversations about you on a daily basis. Employees are put to watch and report on other employees so that they are able to advance to other positions within the company etc. The culture is poisoned and the environment is unhealthy and it gets worse every day.","Teller Lead","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 22, 2020","1.0"
"Great company except no flexibility","● Work-life balanceIt is a salary job so not flexible on hours. That makes it tough if you have kids with doctors appointments.● OverallI have two kids and I'm a single parent. Since this is a salary job you do not have much flexibility. When your kid gets sick then you may not have the ability to stay home with them.","Bank Teller Main Office","Former Employee","Toledo, OH","August 20, 2020","4.0"
"development Program ","The development program is an excellent way to break into the company. It puts you on the fast track for promoting from within. Also you really get to learn a lot about your lines of business."," this bank development program analyst","Current Employee","Michigan","August 19, 2020","4.0"
"Virtual - Productive and engaging place to work in","During my time working here of a year and two months, I've received three trainings and have tenured my experience in this role . It has enhanced my experience as an individual and as a part of the company .","Virtual Assistant","Current Employee","Remote","August 19, 2020","5.0"
"Wouldn't recommend ","Working for a bigger company has its ups and downs. The longer a person has worked there the more they get away with stuff. There are people I've seen who should have been fired between their attitude and breaking the rules. If you're new you get scolded over everything while others do worse or the same and don't get their jobs threatened. I feel like I don't belong at this bank. Too stressful to perform like a rock star all the time. You make a few small mistakes and they don't trust you. You're told you don't belong there even when you go above and beyond. I was happy with this job and now I'm miserable. All the employees are stressed out. A job shouldn't stress you out or make you feel like you don't fit in. It seems they all complain and back stab you.","Unknown","Current Employee","Unknown","August 17, 2020","1.0"
"It's low pay with little to no advancement","The care center can be stressful and they recently cut out our incentives. You'll take 70-80 calls a day back-to-back. Advancement in the care center is minimal. If you ever dream to get a position off the phone one day. Keep dreaming. Lastly, I've met my goals for a year straight. Barely any one does and I still haven't been promoted or given a raise.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 17, 2020","3.0"
"Company has an overall good, productive corporate culture that was not always present locally. ","Company has an overall good, productive corporate culture that was not always present locally. The local management doesn't adhere to the feel of the company culture. ","Vice President","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 13, 2020","4.0"
"Not rewarded on merit, just your previous work experience","Rewarded on politics, not ability to actually perform your job or job functions. Surprising that they kept this method of promotion after splitting from the Wells Fargo joint venture, but keeping the same policy. No surprise considering all banks on the banking side and finance side have this same form of self destruction that contributes to a lack of loyalty to and from the employees that actually perform, not the senior managers who are glorified tellers or mortgage processors.","Sales Manager","Former Employee","Ridgewood, NJ","August 12, 2020","2.0"
"Run don't walk away from this place. ","Very low pay for all the expectations you are asked to do. There is an employee survey available every year. You're asked about your opinions but if you give negative ones, be prepared for retaliation from management. ","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Warrington, PA","August 12, 2020","1.0"
"Good pay. Horrible management. ","The culture is amazing. They are a great company. The management in retail on the other hand is horrible. Selfish. Never team players. Its almost like being in elementary school. The back and forth, he say she say. I expected more from the management team. If my manager was different, I would have stayed. ","Universal Banker Specialist","Former Employee","Brentwood, MO","August 11, 2020","3.0"
"Job Has Pro's & Con's","Overall I feel as if it was a good job to gain more customer experience. The pro's to the job is the pay rate (pays really good for a entry level). The job is pretty stressful as well; you have to know how to deal with the constant yelling from customers and the constant changes within the company that you aren't notified of on time enough to explain to customers. You can't advance the way you would like to; you have to work a whole year to get your hours changed and their isn't any pay increase unless you change positions. Management is so so; sometimes they help but most of the time they aren't much help at all. Plus breaks are based off how busy the center is that day; sometimes you were on the phones for 3-4hours before your short break of 15mins. I liked the pay but otherwise it was just to many other problems that continued to happen. It was hard to follow the policy 100% correctly because it was so many constant changes going on plus you didn't have enough chances to correct anything before they'll write you up. I wouldn't recommend this job due to the amount of stress your put through and you don't get enough help from management.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2020","2.0"
"Loan analyst"," this bank is a good company however, the pay is very low meaning raises are lack luster. At times the process seems to be sexist. Women make a lot more than men. On top of that if you move up in the company they in a lot of cases give no raise if it's one step up. In addition if you are coming into the company, ask for a lot because they may pay you more than somebody who is getting a promotion. A lot of people join this bank leave for a year or so come back and make way more money than they should. That's what I am working on now leaving the co to perhaps come back.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2020","3.0"
"Allowed to work from home","You are allowed to work at times from home. You will put in long hours. Knowledge of Word and excel essential. They do allow ample time to complete exams.","Senior Field Examiner","Former Employee","Pasadena, CA","August 9, 2020","3.0"
"Management","Horrible managers and work/life balance. Not a great company to work for especially the branch worked at. Managers never know how to help tellers, favorite line 'I'm not a teller, sorry I can't help.'","Full time Teller","Former Employee","Tenafly, NJ","August 7, 2020","1.0"
" this bank INvestments","There is great opportunity to get your feet wet and also learn the business. However, there is little to no room for advancement or to take over old books of business in the NEO area. Most advisors have decimated the local circuits and are holding tight. Get your experience and move on.","Direct Insurance Advisor","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 7, 2020","3.0"
"Ok work environment","Overall ok place to work but not a lot of opportunity for growth. Part timers get no vacation or sick time for an entire year. The work culture overall sucks. ","Remote Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","August 6, 2020","3.0"
"Beware!","● Pay & benefitsManagers have great salaries, hourly employees barely get cost of living raises.● OverallSeems like a good corporation but hourly employees suffer while their managers take no accountability for their actions or why their teams fail. No career advancement besides lateral moves and they barely give cost of living raises. Over 2 years and my salary increased $728 overall with every evaluation being meeting or exceeding expectations. Be mindful before leaving a job to work for this bank.","Loan Support Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 6, 2020","2.0"
"Love being a Personal Banker","I loved working face to face with clients who were already members of this bank or were looking to open up an account of some sort. I took my skills and traditions from KIA of Bedford, such as making a daily to do list, was very organized and enjoyed talking to clients face to face to help them with their accounts, open up new accounts or close their accounts. I also enjoyed saving people's accounts when they were thinking of leaving. I really enjoyed what I learned when I worked there. ","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Solon, OH","August 6, 2020","4.0"
"Good workplace","Great benefits, room to advance, good management, open door policy, good work hours, flexible with your needs most of the time, good work environment ","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","August 5, 2020","3.0"
"Great atmosphere is Business Banking","Great place to work in Business Banking. The flexibility in Business Banking is second to none. I really appreciate this part of the job. My manger is very supportive","Business Banking Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Stockbridge, GA","August 4, 2020","5.0"
"Don't apply","Horrible, I was hired to work part time, little did I know they would be 4 hour shifts 5 to 6 days a week. Getting time off was impossible. They told me my vacation was 3rd week of Oct. and that was it I had no other time off.","Teller","Former Employee","Brownsville, PA","August 3, 2020","1.0"
"Financial Advisors - Not quite","When you take a job at this bank as a FA, be prepared to become an insurance agent and not financial advisor no way to hit the target revenue without 90% of monthly sales being some sort of insurance product","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 3, 2020","2.0"
"Job"," this bank took the incentive away in our department ever since then it has not been the same. I moves to another department and it there is no advance ment to move up","Pre Foreclosure Supervisor","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","August 2, 2020","3.0"
"Stable workplace with great customers ","If you're a solid employee, this is the job for you to stay long term! Customers are regular and you really get to know them, which I liked... the only issue I had was the high school feeling work environment among my peers. Talking behind others backs but nice to their faces. It just isn't how I am and made me uncomfortable ","Vault Teller","Former Employee","Shelbyville, IN","August 2, 2020","4.0"
"Only care about selling","Sell sell sell sell. No concern about customers, no care for anyone else as long as the bank makes a boatload off money. Lots of pitting branches against each other as well as pitting coworkers against each other to see who can sell the most credit cards or loans. All this company cares about is sucking customers into products to make sure they keep them stuck with this garbage bank. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Bentleyville, PA","July 29, 2020","1.0"
"Very big on diversity and inclusion"," this bank doesn't pay the highest among banks. Their incentive program is competitive for top producers. They do care about their employees and their facilitation is to notch.","Branch Manager Sr","Current Employee","Lambertville, NJ","July 29, 2020","4.0"
"Disappointed ","I've been with this bank for almost 5 years now. It is a great place for advancement and benefits. It stops there though. You are 100% stressed constantly and management could care less about you. Very contradicting. Sad for a company who strives so hard to be inclusive and diverse. Overall just disappointed in the way they have handled themselves the last few months. Was hoping this would be a place I could retire from. Not so sure anymore. ","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","USA","July 26, 2020","3.0"
"Great Mission Statement","Great Mission statement that as a corporation they stand by. It is what drew me in the first place after work for several smaller banks that did not abide by their mission. Fair pay, not the best, but they make up for that with other benefits that are there for their employees to take advantage of. They like to promote from within. Which is always a plus.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Indiana","July 26, 2020","5.0"
"Excellent Benefits ","I enjoyed my teammates and my job duties. I was really hurt when it was announced that our branch would be closing. Their training has provided me the blueprint to work at other financial institutions. They train as if you have never had cash handling experience which is great. ","Part Time Teller","Former Employee","Federalsburg, MD","July 25, 2020","4.0"
"Was okay to work at","Was okay to work at With really fun and smart coworkers located from different parts of the country and world so it was nice to work with such a diverse group of people. ","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2020","3.0"
"The Culture is Awesome","I only left this bank due to health issues and then a move out of the call center area in Jacksonville. I loved working for them. As a closer they broke down the closing position. You reviewed the loan. Created the CD and closing package. After that. You passed it onto your assigned Funder. It was efficient and less stressful.","Closing Specialist","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 24, 2020","5.0"
"Remote work,balance work and opportunity to learn new technologies.","It's nice place to work as remote work is always opened. Good place to work and learn the new technologies. One of best thing is working culture as there are no discrepancies between contractor and permanent employee. ","Technical Lead","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2020","5.0"
"Sweatshop without work/life balance","I worked for this bank for 14 years before leaving without another job lined up because I preferred unemployment during a pandemic (without UC pay) over working for this company another day. this bank totes work/life balance and pretend to care about people, yet nothing is further from the truth. You are a number and a slave. You will be reminded you are lucky to be employed during a pandemic and they will hold that over you as a scare tactic to force you into more and more work without compensation.","Legal Document Review Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2020","2.0"
"Working with the public","Good company, lots of training, managers were all great to work with. Lots of opportunities to work in different locations. Advancement from within. Overall good","Sales and Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Newark, OH","July 20, 2020","4.0"
"Loved every minute ","I had so much support, when my personal life started to conflict with my work life (my child has a disability) they worked with me so much. this bank is truly a work family. ","Virtual Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","July 18, 2020","5.0"
"Poor middle managent","Like with many companies middle management lies and mostly threatens if you don't meet insane sales quotas. Denies this of course then turns into a your work vs theirs.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Bradford, PA","July 18, 2020","1.0"
"Do not recommend","while you are compensated fairly. Those above you don't actual care about you as a person. So much terrible stress placed on your to up-sell customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Willowick, OH","July 18, 2020","3.0"
"Help me","I'm at top of scale & have not gotten my 1% increase in over 2 yrs. I've submitted many postings with no results. I can't live on this. My insurance benefits are great.","Trade Services Senior Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 18, 2020","1.0"
"Never Had Such a Great Employer","The workplace culture is great! Everyone know one another and you are treated as a person and not a number. There is a strong sense of family at this company and is the foundation of everything. They understand that you have a life outside of work and are always willing to work with you on scheduling. Benefits are great and PTO is best I have had compared to other companies. Most people who work here have been with the company for years. Overall, a great company to work for!","Branch Banker","Current Employee","Pen Argyl, PA","July 17, 2020","5.0"
"Front line workers treated unfairly","Find another place to work. No loyalty to long term employees. Unethical company. Tellers are underpaid and undervalued. The make the least amount of salary, but provide a valuable service to the company.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Frederick, MD","July 16, 2020","2.0"
"I was told banks were cheap, but this was ridiculous","When before i was first hired by this company as a SAS administrator, i was a contractor. After i accepted the job, but before i was fulltime, the company cut my hours to 24 hours/we. After I started fulltime they were working me 55 hours a week (lost $ contracting and now I was salary). That continued until June when they hired another person they had been promising since I started. Never again skill","SAS Administrator","Former Employee","Strongsville, OH","July 13, 2020","2.0"
"great company to work for!","great company good pay great colleagues to work with no complaints staff and managers are very nice and amazing after awhile it is kinda like being with family","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Haddonfield, NJ","July 12, 2020","5.0"
"All good","A lot of self learning. System was a bit outdated but they were trying to improve. They were migrating to a new software application and i left before that happened.","Business Sales and Service Associate I","Former Employee","Raritan, NJ","July 12, 2020","5.0"
"Micro managed to death","Serious micromanagement in the corporate office. The benefits were excellent, the flexibility in schedule was decent, the pay wasn't awful the metrics required for bonuses were nearly impossible to attain.","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 9, 2020","4.0"
"Branch management is fantastic","good company to work for. Its my second time working with the company. Great benefits including time off and 401k and pension plan. Medical and dental and vision","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Maryland","July 9, 2020","5.0"
"Decent work/life balance but overall you are just a number","I worked for this bank for over eleven years and yet I can sum up my thoughts on the company with one example and just a few sentences. In the department where I worked, the employees were grouped into teams which usually consisted of a dozen or so people, a team lead, and a manager. Our group of eight consultants and a team lead received a new manager after our manager retired. At the time, all nine of us had each been with the company for no less than ten years (and some over twenty). Within less than two years of this new manager taking over every single consultant and the team lead left by either transferring to another department, quitting, or retiring early. No one in upper management even noticed. The work itself isn't difficult but it does require a certain amount of knowledge and the training is insufficient. Communication between departments is chaotic and confusing and while the pay isn't terrible, raises are non-existent. As far as advancement, it depends on what department in the bank that you start from. If you begin in certain areas, no matter what degree or what experience you have you will be judged as being 'less than' and forced to advance in baby steps, often making lateral moves. That being said, there are opportunities to work from home and overall the job is kind to working mothers and fathers/young families.","Loan Support Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2020","2.0"
"Overall good","Was a teller for a year and half. Overall good experience but pay could have been better. Enjoyed set schedule and holidays off. Good intro into banks.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Aberdeen, MD","July 7, 2020","4.0"
"Unless you're dead inside, find something else","I've put in five years at this place and have watched really good employees get fired for really bizarre reasons, such as following a directive from a superior. Customer abuse is rampant, which is why, unless you're adept at burying all emotions, this is not a good job.","Escalation Manager","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","July 6, 2020","2.0"
"Workplace culture","There was no diversity at the branch I was employed at. Basically, there was preferential treatment towards a certain race. this bank as a corporation must first start educating within the branches before they donate anything to help the racism in America. My branch was racist and it was brought to upper management's attention.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Northwest Indiana","July 4, 2020","1.0"
"Would never recommend this employer","This bank does not care about their employees or are loyal to their employees. They hire people in at higher rates than the employees that currently worked there. ","Teller","Former Employee","Sharon, PA","July 3, 2020","1.0"
"Great people to work with besides the manger.","The overall experience is great to just get started, but like anywhere with customer service, there will be some bad apple customers. But the manger will not have your back at all even if she says something her way and finds it wrong at a later date or even a few minutes after and will through all the blame on you. Claiming people come in late to work but she does not even open the bank on time and even with proof that you are there earlier than her she will still tell you to be earlier. The best way to explain is; you expect me to come into work on my computer ready to go with everything at 8:30 am, however, how am I to achieve that if you are rolling into the parking lot at 8:28 am. It is physically impossible. Overall very toxic. Also, the turn over rate in my five months working there was 8 people! Like how is that not a problem! Mind you my original plan was to stay there for three years to save money and maybe even move up the latter.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Newark, NJ","June 30, 2020","2.0"
"Good pay and Benefits. Good Schedule. ","The management in different branches is the biggest downfall of the company. The higher ups are great and very encouraging, but the lower end of management can sometimes be disrespectful and can play favorites. Over all, the pay for the work is outstanding as far as banking goes, and the work environment is fun within your coworkers as long as you build good relationships. It is important to follow the policies and to watch out for yourself, because sometimes, I did witness multiple people fired and punished for one persons mistake simply for staying quiet about a mess up. If you're interested in banking and finance, I would definitely recommend this bank. ","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Former Employee","Alabama","June 29, 2020","4.0"
"The employees ","Bad place to especially the banking industry to many people leave un happy or be force to leave that the banking industry in Pittsburgh especially the contract security to much turn over ","Allied Universal Security Services","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 29, 2020","1.0"
"Great place","It's a nice place to work. They care about their employees and do what they can to keep us safe. Would like to learn more and advance in my career as a banker.","and BSSA","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","June 28, 2020","5.0"
"Nice place to work ","Amazing place to work, management is always there to help you grow in the company Really good trainings techniques Good benefits and compensation for all employees ","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","June 27, 2020","5.0"
"Awful","Awful. You are just a number for sales. They don't care about lower level employees. Stuff rolls downhill. Wouldnt recommend. Sales calls at night weekly.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Maryland","June 27, 2020","1.0"
"I enjoy my job and my title at this bank.","I enjoy my job and what I do. My favorite aspect is being able to train and coach employees and watch them grow. Helping them reach their goals is what makes me feel great about my job","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","West Mifflin, PA","June 26, 2020","5.0"
"don't recommend","Morale horrible. Don't care about employees. Promotions are unlikely. High turn over. Cheap company. it is about who you know. High layoff rate. Do not recommend","Loan Credit Workout Analyst Senior","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","June 25, 2020","2.0"
"Love my job!","I love it. I have started a career I know i can move in and be comfortable where i am at. Just wish there was an opening closer to home, but still hopeful.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Muskegon, MI","June 25, 2020","5.0"
"get place to work","enjoyed the culture, management and ability to be promoted. short staffed branches caused a stressful work situation. hardest part of the job was managing all of the responsibilities while being short staffed","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Akron, OH","June 25, 2020","4.0"
"Micromanaged","I am not sure about the company as a whole, but my particular department was poorly managed from top to bottom. If you want to be micromanaged with your voice never being heard, then work here.","Quality Assurance Officer","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 23, 2020","2.0"
"Don't waste your time","The only reason I'm here is because I don't have another job yet. The pay is horrible the work load is insane and you get paid dirt to do everything. The system is behind in the times compared to other financial institutions. They do not care about the safety of employees and if there is inclement weather they WILL NOT close.","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Tarboro, NC","June 22, 2020","1.0"
"Transparent and predictable","They are pretty transparent with the workload you'll be expected to perform, however it is a very mundane position and can only be described as unstimulating.","Teller Representative","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","June 22, 2020","3.0"
"No work life balance"," this bank does not care about the employees work life balance. They will have you working from open to close and then complain that they have to pay overtime. If you are management you can forget about having a life.","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Pikesville, MD","June 20, 2020","1.0"
"freindly co-workers and environment","would like to work here again laid back atmosphere but still accomplished goals and deadlines, Great cafeteria. nice workspaces, individual for each employee. Friday Jean day.","Project Administrator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2020","4.0"
"Watch out for man behind the curtain"," this bank has a great front until the layers are peeled back. management there is subpar. There are decent benefits and the CEO is brilliant. However, there is a people problem that exists that most management chooses to ignore.","Finance Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 18, 2020","2.0"
"Not worth it","They don't care about work life balance and do not care about employees. Training sucks and demands high performance. You get written for minimal things and be prepared to see new people getting best schedules and better pay.","Customer Representative II","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","June 17, 2020","1.0"
"An","Again I have no desire to offer a review. Solid foot print for moving within company. Lots of different business lines. Work life balance can be tough depending on where you work.","Service Associate","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 17, 2020","3.0"
"Too many goals and. Not enough tellers on the teller lines to do what was expected.","Not good. Closed most community branches...too big a company now......not about the workers at the branches only the higher ups get the best benefits and bonuses. Too much about the fees and not the customers or employess.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Millersburg, OH","June 17, 2020","2.0"
"Hum not the company you want to work for.","don't take any position in Horsham. Its a horrible place to work in. Favoritism and unprofessionalism is what reigns in that place.Stay away from such a job environment.","Transaction Coordinator","Former Employee","Horsham, PA","June 16, 2020","1.0"
"Beware!! Wolf in sheep's clothing!","Want to experience high levels of stress? Want to experience confusion at unimaginable levels and suffer for things and situations that have nothing to do with you?, by all means go to work in this place. At this bank, communication and training are poor. High sales make you golden and untouchable no matter what you do, while low sales make you a target. Upper management do not listen and lower level management most are simply stupid. Valuable time is often spent on the ridiculous at the request of mngt and then these same people try to behead you when the important things get left at the way side. This was not my worse employment experience ever but it's definitely one of worse that I can remember from recent years.","Manager","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","June 9, 2020","1.0"
"great company to work for","it a great company to work for a diverse company environment and volunteering in the community i am looking to relocate and my current job will no longer be a position within the company","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","June 8, 2020","5.0"
"An incredible place to work if you're happy in the same position forever","You will not be promoted, you will not get a raise, you will never be granted a bonus unless you leave and then come back. It became a joke when coworkers would leave this bank, go to BNY Mellon for a year or less, then come back at a 40% pay increase. Working at this bank is amazing and I hope to return some day, but it is with the full expectation that the job that I enter in is the job that I will leave in.","Officer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA 15222","June 4, 2020","5.0"
"Good Place","Awesome maternity leave and vacation. Poor bonuses, and raises. Hard to get promoted, not too many openings. Overall, OKAY. Need better health benefits.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Howland Center, OH","June 2, 2020","4.0"
"Ideal first job for new college grads"," this bank was the perfect place to start my career. They allowed for a smooth transition into full time work. The people you meet while working at this bank are what make the job so enjoyable.","Internal Auditor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 30, 2020","5.0"
"Poor training, filthy work environment, low pay"," this bank does a very poor job of training new employees. The branches are filthy and there is no way to social distance and the employees do not wear masks to keep each other, the customers or their families safe. It is an atmosphere of intimidation","Teller","Current Employee","Southern Ohio Northern Kentucky","May 29, 2020","1.0"
"Not the best place to work","Where do I start? The downtown district manager was arrested years ago for meth charges, they hire incompetent people to be managers, they don't promote from within","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","May 28, 2020","1.0"
"Basically if your not dating someone on the inside your screwed","This place is a soap opera THE WHOLE COMPANY from the call center to the bank ceo i new his family and wife very stuck up thinks everyone owes them etc now this kinda behavior also trickledown through the whole bank after other ceo retired they changed from ppo health care to hsa and transformation of call center was horrible so now everyone works from home and the big new renovations on smithfi","customer service inbound callcenter","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 26, 2020","1.0"
"I worked diligently @ this bank. Platform w/licenses, BA. MBA. High raye equity loans, investment appointment with easilt 80% show rate. Given minimal salar","Internal culture was cutthroat. Much bickering among branch managers and stealing of client accounts between branches. Trained 5 new managers in 4 years. Territorial manager gave out minimum salary increases to increase his own. Training program a joke. Most trainers independent consultants who knew. little abt ' this bank' policy&procedures. Lied to at hiring. Guaranteed series 6/63 training in 3 month. Did not hv it for 2 YEARS during which I lost commissions on monthly basis. toto at hiring. Guaranteed to at hiring.. Was guaranteed series 6/63 training in 3 series6/63series 6 and 63 training in 3 months. this bank","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Rumson, Fairhaven NJ","May 25, 2020","1.0"
"Good","Overall, a great experience working for this company. They offer many great tools and resources that further enable you to advance your skillset and produce the best quality work.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Vandalia, OH","May 20, 2020","5.0"
"Overall great company to work for","Great work/life balance. Pay was decent but needs improvement when it comes to raises. Employees should not be penalized for being internal by being capped on increases where externals are paid much higher.","BRANCH MANAGER","Former Employee","Canal Fulton, OH","May 18, 2020","4.0"
"* years good job security","No advancement or significant pay increases over 8 years but enjoyed every day at work. Began volunteer work through this bank the first month on the job. Impressive with community involvement and participation with equality events in Jacksonville, FL.","Early Intervention Specialist","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","May 17, 2020","5.0"
"Teller supervisor","$28,000 was not a lot for a teller supervisor. Great Company to work for they really care about growth and development. But the pay didn't match the job requirements","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","May 12, 2020","5.0"
"Excellent and Success"," this bank treated me as if I were family. I rank them as probably on of the best organizations I have ever worked for. If given the opportunity to return on day I shall.","Vendor Relationship Risk Specialist","Former Employee","Downers Grove, IL","May 8, 2020","5.0"
"Management is Poor","I am a current employee of this bank for the customer care center and dealing with the management and other departments is more of a hassle than the customers and that should not be. There is a lot of conflicting information and they don't seem to care about their customers or employees.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Remote","May 8, 2020","2.0"
"Productive work environment","A typical day at work is 8hrs. There is a Lot of scope to learn while working. Perfect work life balance. Great workplace culture. Best part of the job was ownership of your task and supportive management","BI Developer Lead","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","May 8, 2020","4.0"
"Disappointing","Typical day of work requires being asked to do things that are not within your job description. The workload is tremendous and the pay does not equal what is asked of you.","Branch Banker","Former Employee","Dunkirk, MD","May 6, 2020","2.0"
"Always threaten your job","They don't even properly train you or give you a study guide to review. They have you doing these guides online and that's it, setting you up for failure","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Remote","May 5, 2020","3.0"
"The best project team so far","The overall experience was good. The team leader was so good to everybody. it was a very fast pace working environment which helped me learned a lot. they really demanded a lot from me which intern made me very successful in what i do","Junior Business Analyst","Former Employee","Jersey City, NJ","May 2, 2020","4.0"
" this bank is liars","They are a terrible place to work for. They had me fire multiple people for lies just to get rid of them. They had me not hire someone because they didn't like their teeth. A bad dishonest place to work","Vice President - Senior Branch Manager","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","May 1, 2020","1.0"
"Opportunity for Growth","Most enjoyable part was seeing clients evolve and grow in their financial well-being and success. I learned how to multitask in a universal setting that teaches flexibility and time management.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Claymont, DE","April 28, 2020","5.0"
"Nice work life balance","Nice work environment, valuing employees. Scheduled fun events very often and managers are willing to help make the work environment feel like a family.","Software Engineer III","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","April 24, 2020","4.0"
"Friendly co workers","Management wants you to reach you rate in three areas and they increase the speed of how fast you process payments. You sit for 7 plus hours processing payments if you get up and move around management looks you. If you decide to talk to your neighbor you get a slap in the wrist my management.","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","April 24, 2020","2.0"
"Structured bank environment heavily focused on new business","There are opportunities, but a heavy focus is on sales and bringing in new business. This isn't unexpected or necessarily bad, but it can seem as though sales is prioritized and rewarded over other areas such as customer service. If you are good at sales, it can be rewarding. The politics and other people trying to get ahead can eroded the sense of trust and team environment. The regulations in the banking industry make it difficult for any problem solving or outside the box thinking. Very focus on risk control and compliance. Turnover in the management level is high and a lot depends on the quality of your senior management team.","Market Director - Institutional Investments Group","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 23, 2020","3.0"
"Thought it was innovative, but it wasn't","I am still employed there. I do not like working there. I enjoy my coworkers but it is a bit chaotic for me. One department does not know what the other department does. Sometimes trying to get the simplest things done for my customers would take forever. The pressure to open accounts was unbelievable. The pressure for referrals was unbelievable. Like I got called into my managers office because none of my business referrals panned out. Despite me basically harassing them to set up and confirm appointments with my business banking partners who dropped the ball. The system was off where the branch was always off when it came to balancing and we often had to handle customer service calls that should have gone to a call center so that the calls could have been recorded. It was a nightmare.","Service Associate I","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 23, 2020","3.0"
"Grueling work","Payment remittance is grueling work. Long hours. This particular lockbox, lots of drama. Cliques, Bullies. Including management. Benefits are lacking.","Data Entry","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","April 20, 2020","1.0"
"Horrible Mentality"," this bank is a true northern bank they do not cater to clients in the south with the southern mentality the Raleigh Durham regional manager is a snake in the grass he waits for any opportunity to get rid of you they do not care about employees just shareholders","Service Associate","Former Employee","Graham, NC","April 17, 2020","1.0"
"Great place to work","Overall great place to work. I have had several managers that care about your personal development compensation at VP level and above is ver good. Great leaders","Senior Account Executive","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","April 15, 2020","5.0"
"Working at this bank","Honestly, this bank does not provide the tools to he successful in the workplace, either at home or in the office. In addition, management is mostly inept and you are stuck doing the same monotomous job, with no room for advancement. We were lied to in training when they talked about bonuses, programs for upper level education, a good work-life balance. I have been miserable since the day I starred in the phones.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 14, 2020","1.0"
"Friendly environment"," this bank is a nice place to work, LGBT friendly. One of the area's largest banks. Insurance benefits are good as well as company match for retirement benefits.","Branch Banker","Personal Banker","Cincinnati, OH","April 14, 2020","4.0"
"Great customer services","They here for the customer always providing good customer service. Offer different product that will benefit the customer. Provide the customer opportunity to bank online.","Teller","Former Employee","Margate, FL","April 13, 2020","4.0"
"Solid company that does a good job servicing its customers.","Employees are treated fairly, the company is concerned with employee satisfaction. The day to day job is satisfying. The only complaint is that compensation is average/below average.","Healthcare Banking","Former Employee","Chicago, IL","April 13, 2020","4.0"
"Not a supportive environment","Management is very unwilling to help and often blame you for things that are out of your control. They also promise a work and home life balance but are unwilling to help you achieve that balance.","Call Center Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 11, 2020","1.0"
"Productive Environment"," this bank is a trust worthy, inclusive company. A Typical day will vary from having different function roles including Money and non money based transactions.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","April 10, 2020","4.0"
"Worst job to be stuck at under paid."," this bank was a joke! I'm totally shocked to know they are still in business. These guys I heard changed I hope for the best. It was awful in the beginning they let every bit of somebody work there.It was sickening to see the things that we saw.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","April 10, 2020","1.0"
"Just okay."," this bank is a good place to work. However, based on my years of experience and my educational qualification, I would I have to say that I'm being underpaid. Also, the opportunity for growth is not there for me. I thought I would be able to move to a different position after some time; marketing department to be specific but unfortunately, that opportunity is not available at least for now. Also, the health benefit is not 100% coverage.","Bank Sales and Service Associate - BSSA","Current Employee","Cherry Hill, NJ","April 8, 2020","3.0"
"Good","its a good atmosphere to work with this place. iam really enoy to work here in entire project. here the work and the manager is given good support all time.","ETL Tester","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 7, 2020","5.0"
"Pn"," this bank was a great opportunity for it was diverse and offered many different positions. I had very good training and great leader, we received a award for our audits.","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 6, 2020","5.0"
"Productive and enjoyable place to work.","My time at this bank back was very enjoyable. We were a smaller branch and you got to know every client well. Also this bank focused on giving back to the community and teaching children about banking.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Durham, NC","April 5, 2020","5.0"
"Typical day at work","Working hard during the business hours and try to learn new technology from other colleges and try to implement the new technology in my project if necessary.","Automation Test Lead","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 5, 2020","5.0"
"Great","Great place to work. Employer cares about employees and their well being. Customer focused company. The benefits are top notch and they have a pension plan which most places don't anymore.","Branch Banker II","Current Employee","Detroit, MI","April 5, 2020","5.0"
