"good productive job","a good working place management was OK could've been better customer was very friendly and happy. the work day was very productive with morning meetings","Teller","Former Employee","Washington, DC","November 16, 2016","5.0"
"great people to work with.","One of better Banks to work for except the pay could be better. Company does what's best for the customers and doesn't place pressure on employee's.","Service Associate","Current Employee","Lake Worth, FL","November 16, 2016","3.0"
"Ok place to work, workload is heavy","I am a loan processor, I mange about 30- 35 mortgage loans at a time. I have learned a lot about the different loan programs available for refinance.","Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 15, 2016","3.0"
"Productive job, great people.","Great Experience all around, loved the coworkers. More flexibility for part -time would be nice . Good benefits. Nice atmosphere all around.","teller","Current Employee","Symmes, OH","November 15, 2016","4.0"
"Good benefits, however progress is necessary in order to become competitive .","They are making strides toward becoming more competitive and appealing not just for customers, but for current and potential employees. At the current time, I recommend for someone in college to get sales and consumer relations experience only. The ideal job for college students who need sales and consumer relations experiences .","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Hazel Park, MI","November 14, 2016","3.0"
"wonderful","Management is wonderful, flexible hours, poor pay but incentives are great. Hours are good and fun work environment. great place to work always room for growth.","Teller","Former Employee","Sicklerville, NJ","November 14, 2016","5.0"
"Good work environment, avg to below compensation","Revolving door with co-workers, not much opportunity for advancement, low compensation for amount of responsibility & work load, good management at the branch level, benefits available but very expensive, vacation time very regulated.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","November 14, 2016","3.0"
"Providing excellent individual customer service","Everyday has a new challenge and lots of variety. The dynamic culture of this company allows me to develop outstanding customer service skills, learn how to communicate and how to manage & deal with change. The most enjoyable part of this job is providing individual customer service and making a positive impact to them personally.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Saint Clair Shores, MI","November 14, 2016","4.0"
"Company Gives Back to the Community but Lacks on the Inside"," this bank is a great company, however, the leadership or management needs an overhaul. Each branch has its own culture. One group of people are allowed to do certain things while others are not. The policy and procedures are uniform but we are informed and encouraged to do differently. Management allows bullying and instigation of hostile work environment. Great experience at one branch and totally polar opposite experience at the other branch.","Service Representative","Current Employee","Mobile, AL","November 12, 2016","2.0"
"OK place to work. Go fro the corporate side if you can~","3 stars. this bank is a growing institution and open minded to the forever changing banking world but at the expense of its employees","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Bowie, MD","November 12, 2016","3.0"
"Salary Needs Increasing","Managers don't promote from within, and the salary is the worst in he industry. I applied for another position in the company and was told that I need to work on my this bank Conversation, but I have been in that role for 1.6 years. Go figure!!","Service Representative","Current Employee","Indianapolis, IN","November 11, 2016","2.0"
"Friendly Co-workers and Customers","The banking industry is convoluted with laws and policies and unfair charges to customer accounts based on types of accounts. Customers were not happy with all technology being the majority of banking instead of the person to person face to face contact. The hours were great but the customers not always happy with the branch's open times.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Charleroi, PA","November 10, 2016","1.0"
"great benefits","Enjoyed working with Tellers and motivating them to reach sales goals. Enjoyed holidays off. Enjoyed benefits like free bank acct, tuition reimbursement etc","Branch Service Manager II","Former Employee","Cincinnati, OH","November 9, 2016","4.0"
"fun to work","Great place to work. Teamwork is very important for them. this bank Provides great training classes. this bank has healthy environment.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Rehoboth Beach, DE","November 9, 2016","5.0"
"n/a","I loved the company. compensation was great. Trained people like no other company. Great retirement options. easy to move up","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","November 9, 2016","5.0"
"No Work/Life Balance","Co-workers here are fantastic, made the day better. Typical day at work was spent calling clients on investments. Did learn a lot here as the shear volume of clients contacted forced learning and how to sell. Management here is non-existent. Never knew what was going on or how to manage people. Micro-managed to the max (needed to know what you were doing every minute of the day). Back-office individuals don't contact you, just go behind your back with everything that happens. Lots of 'I only care about myself and won't help you' goes on here.","Financial Advisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","November 8, 2016","3.0"
"Awesome","Great company to build with! I assisted customers with their financial well being on a daily basis. Great benefits and incentives.","Support Representative","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","November 7, 2016","5.0"
" this bank is a great company to work for."," this bank is a great company to work for. Great company culture, great health care and retirement benefits, good product offerings. You're treated like a valuable asset from top to bottom","Software QA Analyst","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","November 7, 2016","5.0"
"family oriented","review loans before submitting to title reconcile CD then send to borrower. work off pipeline to determine what needs to be completed for the day","funder","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","November 7, 2016","4.0"
"Hr reporting analyst","Poor management. Job eliminated after 30 years because business needs changed aka ageism. My direct manager never allowed me to perform my job because he did not like I was not in Pittsburg. In-house recruiters did little to find me employment elsewhere in company. The 'career counselor' has provided little actual help in securing employment. My duties running EEOC reports. Do not work for this company/","Hr reporting analyst","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","November 6, 2016","1.0"
"Productive workplace with great people","My typical day at work is sometimes complex depending on the clients need. However, my coworkers make the job comforting. I enjoy helping others on a daily basis and establishing a trustworthy relationship with them. My clients and my staff know I have their best interest at heart","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Hackensack, NJ","November 6, 2016","4.0"
"Very knowledgable company","Working at this bank has been great I've learn a lot of things about myself and also about the job itself . I also enjoy working with my fellow co workers and learning new things to better myself as an employee.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Berwyn, IL 60402","November 6, 2016","5.0"
"Relaxed, fun, great people","My position, EASY. Coming from a background in industrial work, working for this bank is like home away from home. I love all of my coworkers, my superiors are always very respectful and responsible. The best thing about this job is the flexible schedule. I create my own schedule 2 weeks in advance! All-in-all, great place to be.","Multi-Channel - Branch Appointment Setter","Current Employee","November 2, 2016","4.0"
"Fun Place to work","Again met a lot of people walking around and meeting customers. Found hardworking employees who I've brought with me to other jobs. Very busy and always moving and keeping up on financials.","Property Preservation Supervisor","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","November 1, 2016","3.0"
"Branch Service & Sales Associate","Great Company to work for. Great opportunities for growth. The ability to learn at your own pace. Management gives you the opportunity to work towards your goals to eventually move in the right direction","Service Associate","Current Employee","New Jersey","October 31, 2016","5.0"
"decent place to work","Although I had worked for this bank for 20+ years I was never sure if I was going to have my job tomorrow. Management took one tiny mistake and made it into a monumental ordeal. Although I was not fired I felt like a tiny mistake after 20 years was counted against me. I worked very hard, I was a very good employee but one small error is more important to them than long-term loyalty and hard work","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Whippany, NJ","October 30, 2016","4.0"
"Never again.","I felt completely out of place the first week I started at this bank. The managers were always down my throat about sales goals, and incentives, whilst I was still in the learning process. We (as tellers) weren't really allowed to do anything besides transactions, and we weren't to know to much information about credit cards or accounts, because it wasn't our job to know, it was our job to sit them down with a personal banker, and there job was to sell any product they could to them. I had balancing issues there, and I have never had that problem with anywhere else, including working at credit union prior to that. I never felt like I could go to the managers, because I always felt that they were judging me and wanted me out of there before I even began to take root. Plus the assistant manager was leaving for other job interviews, even though she was supposed to be working, and would leave us swamped. ( If that doesn't tell you why not to work for this bank then I don't know what does.) Better offers, better opportunity is out there. This bank pays extremely low, and for the pressure and the work required I am glad I am not there anymore. I was let go from the company which is fine. I did not like it there, and I will never work for a bank again. There whole goal in life is to sell products, and the rates are so low, I would never recommend putting any of your money with them. Stay at a credit union!!!","Teller I","Former Employee","Somewhere in OH!","October 30, 2016","3.0"
"day at work","the management structure since the low rate environment continues is crazy. its purely a sales organization with little focus on customer needs. credit card and merchant for this bank's sake","Management Development Associate","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","October 30, 2016","3.0"
"Good workplace"," this bank was a good workplace with a lot of flexibility. They had awesome staff with very friendly and nice people. The working environment was also great. It was a pleasure to work there.","Solutions Architect","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 27, 2016","5.0"
"Fun and great place to work","My favorite parts of myjob included the ability to work independently (trust from employers) & the people I worked with. It's great to work with people that care about their company and doing a good job. It's hard to find that environment today because so many people just don't care about honesty, hard work & integrity","Information Security Analyst","Former Employee","Virginia","October 27, 2016","4.0"
"Great Place to Work, Messy Management","Typical banking environment. Get to meet a lot of people. Goals are constantly changing. Cannot keep up with management. The co-workers make going into work everyday a favorable experience. Hardest part of the job depends on what location you're working in. Customers make your job harder. The pay could definitely be better and management cold be more structured.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 27, 2016","4.0"
"I enjoyed helping clients","Some branches only open 9-4pm. Some are closed on Saturdays which is nice. Hardest part was making all the goals to ensure a quarterly bonus every single quarter.","Employee","Former Employee","Florida","October 26, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced environment","Overall a good place to work with a fairly diverse group of employees. Management seems to care about their employees and is always willing to listen to new ideas.","Associate Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 26, 2016","4.0"
"A day in why are they doing these","Our new Open Enrollment Guide for 2017 will be available tomorrow, Oct. 26. See what actions are required for certain benefits to continue and learn about your options so that you are ready to enroll Nov 1. Go to My Life at AAA > My Health and Benefits > Open Enrollment Information, for the Open Enrollment Guide, plan summaries and rates, login information for the Oct. 26 webinar an","Universal Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","October 25, 2016","5.0"
"would not recommend","a typical day is out bound calls to schedule appointment. your daily activities are micro managed and very high monthly sales goals","Branch Sales and Service Representative","Current Employee","north carolina","October 25, 2016","1.0"
"Great work life balance","A nice place to work but there is no motivation to move into other roles. There aren't many positions to move into. The pay is decent for the job role.","Quality","Current Employee","Illinois","October 25, 2016","4.0"
"Good Job","I have learned a lot in the 16 years of banking that I have done. I have some of the best coworkers ever, but its time for a career change in my life.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Connellsville, PA","October 25, 2016","4.0"
"Overall a good company to work for","I have been employed for 15 years with this bank and have been around long enough to see the culture change for the better. They are more employee satisfaction driven and have worked harder to create a stable work/life balance","ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT","Current Employee","New Brunswick, NJ","October 25, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and friendly place to work","I enjoyed working for this bank. I learned a lot about the banking industry and its a teamwork environment. The highlight of each of my days was my customers. I enjoyed our conversations and helping them.","teller manager","Former Employee","New Castle, DE","October 21, 2016","4.0"
"Very nice experience","I basically help people take care of there problems by using the equity in there homes. I would help them get a low Apr so that it wouldn't be a problem for them to pay it back.","Telemarketer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 19, 2016","3.0"
"High employee turnover always under-staffed","Always under-staffed and sharing staff among several branches. Lots of raining provided but since branches are consistently under-staffed it takes twice as long to get someone trained. this bank does not provide work life balance to employees at all and have no compassion for those with families and children.","Bank Manager","Former Employee","Delaware","October 18, 2016","4.0"
"Had a balanced work schedule with lot of fun activities","Being part of a data science team, we gathered business requirements and mapped them to various sources of data. Analyzed large data sets by running Hive queries and Pig scripts","Hadoop Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 18, 2016","4.0"
"Worst job i ever had in my life","This company doesn't care about there employees, only care about money and similar to wells fargo they care about selling company products.","Teller","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 17, 2016","1.0"
"high level resposiblity","the work environment office worked perfectly and liked working with customers and computer based job. worked with all kinds of customers with high account requirement to simple accounts","Teller","Former Employee","rockville md","October 17, 2016","5.0"
"Not current..."," this bank dismantled the mortgage department and is now rebuilding it. I worked there when it was being dismantled. In 2010 the company/ department was eliminated. At that time, it was needed due to the mortgage crisis. I am not aware of how it is now.","Loan Processor","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","October 17, 2016","4.0"
"The management is wonderful","Easy to work in atmosphere. Great management. Flexible schedules. Advancement opportunities. The monthly coachings they provide, make it very clear what they expect of you as an employee","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 16, 2016","4.0"
"good","Great work environment. I love the people I work with. the culture is good. the work place is very close to my home and there is 24 hours and seven days a week office access","Senior Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Irvine, CA","October 12, 2016","4.0"
"Productive work environment"," this bank is a great company to work for but over the last two years I have been passed over for a promotion. I was told one of the reasons why I was passed over was because I did not ask for a promotion. I have played sports growing up and I never asked my coach to put me in the game when the coach saw that I was ready and prepared then he put me in the game. I guess it was a learning experience.","Assistant Branch Manager","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 10, 2016","4.0"
"grezat","it was an amazing experience to work for this bank and i would recommend it going forward anyone wanting to start a bank job amazing really good job","Workplace Banker","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","October 10, 2016","5.0"
"Not a good place to work","I am currently employed with this bank, so this is not a a former employee that is angry with the company. It is not a good place to work if you are on the front line with direct customer engagement. It actually borders on hostile from management to meet sales goals, or else.. They pay is well below market and the benefits are terrible As a senior relationship manager, I am required to be on the road most of the time, visiting business clients and driving new business. They recently announced that the bank would no longer reimburse any cell phone expense or any expense over $30 unless it was pre approved by management. My region, which has 1200 employees, has lost and had to replace 600 of the 1200 employees every year for the past 3 years. Numerous retail managers I work directly with have had to take stress related leave due to the over all work conditions. It appears that most of the positive reviews about this bank seem to come from back office employees that shuffle paper and have no customer interaction I have been with this bank for over 5 years. It is not a good place to work and grow any career.","Business Relationship Manager","Current Employee","East Coast","October 10, 2016","2.0"
"Good place to work","A typical day at this bank was based on customer's needs and wants. Providing customer's with the information and services that they needed to better manage their accounts and make them more informative about the goods and service that we provide to make banking easier.","Core Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 10, 2016","5.0"
"Productive Work place","It is a great job, great people to work with and definitely enjoyed my time there. Gave me experience within the realm of banking and business.","BANK TELLER","Former Employee","Woodbine, MD","October 9, 2016","4.0"
"Prodcutive","Learned a lot about government regulations. Banking and Mortgage guidelines. Gained experience. Micro-management is very challenging to deal with. Poor leadership. The most enjoyable part of the job is researching and ensuring that the customers payments are posted accurately.","Operation Work Leader Sr","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","October 7, 2016","3.0"
"The best job i had !","Working with this bank was one of the best jobs I had so far. The pay was good even the schedule was perfect too. I always love to get in an out, I had 6a.m - 2p.m. schedule and that's what I loved. Management great! The whole facility was family!","Operations Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","October 7, 2016","5.0"
"Career","Productive and adaptability, team player, always on time. work well with others, enjoy learning new things. Love to volunteer. Management is great, co-workers are awesome. Love talking with the customers some are nice, some just don't understand banking.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 6, 2016","3.0"
"Terrible position, low pay, slave work","Low pay. Hostile branch environment. Must meet sales goals or else your gone. Upper management does not care about you at all.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","October 5, 2016","1.0"
"good enviroment t work","being the best I can be at my job, make sure all duties are preformed at highest standard, customers are happy with service and problems are resolved. The most enjoyable part of my job is helping customers in there financial well being. The hardest part of the job are the sale goals. I like my co workers we are a team, and get along. Management is good fare and make sure we are treated fare. I learn everyday, always something new, but the most important thing is that doing the right thing and doing your job you can never go wrong","Customer Service","Current Employee","Clark, NJ","October 5, 2016","3.0"
"Productive","I have learned a lot of different processes relating to my specific job function. I have also had the opportunity to train others in the group on these processes.","Credit Support Analyst","Former Employee","Brecksville, OH","October 5, 2016","3.0"
"Sales driven with aggressive goals","Very customer focused. Worked with business owners and prospects to sell multiple products to help make their businesses run more efficiently. Management was very top down driven. I had a very good relationship with co-workers/partners. The hardest part was meeting the very demanding sales goals. The most enjoyable part was the customer interactions and helping the business owners.","Commercial Relationship Manager","Former Employee","Mount Laurel, NJ","October 5, 2016","3.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","I really enjoy working for this bank. I'm just looking for a schedule that's Monday through Friday. Overall this bank is a great place to work. I also enjoy Employee Appreciation Week every year. It really makes employees feel appreciated.","Operations Sr Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","October 4, 2016","4.0"
"productive and goal driven workplace.","Job was easy for me to understand and do the work. While challenging for some co workers,it was a great place to grow and be a leader.","Branch Internal Support Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","October 4, 2016","4.0"
"great place to learn financial industry","learnt a lot from here, their training program is amazingly good, they taught us really well regarding the whole banking industry and how does it work","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","October 3, 2016","5.0"
"Good place to work","good place to work. was no room for advancement. i was a floating teller going to different locations. some were good, some were bad. if i would have advanced quicker i would have stayed","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","October 2, 2016","5.0"
"Universal Branch Consultant","The position is a challenging one. not only are you accountable for the job daily financial operations of managing a bank you are also required to make monthly sales goals, have outstanding customer service skills. ( you are evaluated on a weekly base on survey customers take)","Universal Branch Consultant","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","October 2, 2016","3.0"
"productive fun at work place","good co workers funplace nice time to learn and good hardest workinng place new friends and new team people we can learn so many things from them hardest time to learn few skills...","Net Developer","Current Employee","Warrendale, PA","October 2, 2016","5.0"
" this bank as a place to work is okey but the salaries for tellers is very low","After all the resposabilities that I have I don't feel that the salary is acording with the job. The salaries are too low that is why the teller don't stay for a long period of time. the amount of work and high risk is not according with the compesation.","Lead Teller","Current Employee","Freehold, NJ","October 1, 2016","3.0"
"good working enviroment","It's a good working environment. You learn so much, but promotion within is very difficult to achieve. You would have to know someone that can help pull strings to be given a shot. They give high hopes of reaching it and never commit to giving you a chance to prove yourself.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Lake Ridge, VA","October 1, 2016","4.0"
"Friendly atmosphere","A typical day at work would be the opportunity to provide my services to the clients, and things that I have learned is that everyday is different, managing people each individual is unique, the hardest part of my job is not being able to close a deal, and the most enjoyable part of my job is to provide my services and customer walking out of my office with a smile.","VP - Branch Manager","Former Employee","Paterson, NJ","September 30, 2016","5.0"
" this bank was ok","I loved my job at this bank, although management could get a little picky at times. Recognition was one of the best things that this bank had going for them.","Core Service Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 30, 2016","5.0"
"I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone","The benefits seem great at first. Until you take vacation they told you was available for use and you quit then you have to pay that all back. Why make that time available? this bank doesn't care about their employees as they don't compensate for the work that's expected. Additionally it's difficult to advance, it doesn't matter if you're the top performer management seems to find a reason to decline a promotion. Management is picky in who they hire, so it takes MONTHS to fill a position, only for a short time later that position to be vacant again (there seems to be a high turnover percentage). Branches are always short staffed which makes it difficult for the employees working because even more work gets put on them. However, I will say the most enjoyable part were the co-workers and the hours. I wouldn't recommend this as a place of employment to a place to bank to anyone.","Teller","Former Employee","Erie, PA","September 29, 2016","1.0"
"Progressive computer environment","This job worked with a variety of computer issues related to this bank's technical infrastructure. Learned how to troubleshoot either using remote assistance or visualization. We had access to multiple levels of support including password reset, remote computer access, mainframe use.","Help Desk Specialist III","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 28, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun working place","The scope of the project was to enhance the system called Equator and LPS System integration that would allow the user to get a comprehensive view of workflow and process of the Fannie Mae guidelines in real estate area. I was also involved in analyzing servicing transaction from different mortgage companies and providing reports to the Fannie Mae business. Performed user audits and system parameter changes (Matrix Configuration changes) within the third party applications.","Process system Analyst","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 28, 2016","5.0"
"Very good advancement program"," this bank had a lot to offer, they advanced you if you show the potential , and compensation is very good, plus the benefits are equally as good","Teller II","Former Employee","Columbiana, OH","September 27, 2016","5.0"
"daily challenges, great teamwork, great co-workers","you are always learning, meeting new customers and helping people achieve financial goals...co-workers are very helpful","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Brighton, MI","September 27, 2016","4.0"
"Coworkers like to back stab management and coworkers","If you are not part of the click in the location were you are hired, you will not make in. May branchs are short help and have levels that are normally to high to hit and this is why there turn over is so high","Services Representative","Former Employee","Springfield, VA","September 26, 2016","4.0"
"Unprofessional environment","Unprofessional, supervisors play favorites and the only way to move up is if they like you personally. The atmosphere was fun, games and contests kept you entertained.","Banker","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 26, 2016","3.0"
"treats the customer with care and compassion","Great enviorment wonderful treatment to the clients makes them feel at home. It was a great experience. Employess could be better....... hardestpart was managing time","Teller","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 23, 2016","2.0"
"Good place to get your foot in the door.","The position I'm in is pretty good. From the moment you start (training) you are fully covered by the benefits. Some days it could be crowded and hectic but some days it could be pretty slow and calm. The employees and management are fantastic.","Full Time Teller","Current Employee","Washington, DC","September 23, 2016","4.0"
"High turnover for good reasons","The job itself was great; I felt productive every day and was challenged to learn more about my role without feeling overwhelmed. However, the manager and supervisor would make last-minute changes to the schedule, changed their mind at the last minute about giving days off that were agreed upon months ago, and often would not adhere to important policies for the sake of convenience. I was with the company for a very short time and saw so many employees come and go during my time there because they were not willing to do anything for the employees.","Teller","Former Employee","Severna Park, MD","September 23, 2016","3.0"
"It was great experience working with the company","It was great experience working with the company. I gave me a platform to execute my skills in the apt direction. I could develop both personal life and professional life balance.","QA Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 23, 2016","4.0"
"I enjoyed it in the beginning but as time went by, I felt unappreciated.","In the beginning, I truly enjoyed working for this bank but as time went on, I began to feel less and less appreciated. A lot was required of me with little reward. I felt like I could not give clients the best customer service and that cooperate did not care about clients needs.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 22, 2016","4.0"
"Fair Company","Relaxing company, Fair Sales Structure, good compensation. Medical isn't great and the systems constantly crash and are out of date compared to other banks. If you are employed in the south your options for advancement are limited most corporate jobs are in the north.","Financial Consultant II","Current Employee","Powder Springs, GA 30127","September 21, 2016","4.0"
"General","I liked working for the company They have a great benefit package especially the new maternity leave program. I would work for them again.","Customer Service Sales Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 21, 2016","5.0"
"high pressure","Hardest part of the job was dealing with several supervisors and unobtainable sales goals. It seemed as the though the goals were set very high and company didn't care about the stress level it put on employees.","Customer Service","Former Employee","NA","September 21, 2016","3.0"
"ok place to work","in the beginning it was great then it became like every other company that hires unqualified people for higher positions.","Cash Services Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 20, 2016","4.0"
"stress caused by bad employee choices","Constantly having to fix other peoples mistakes when a slight bit of attention to detail would have prevented it. I love to work, but find I don't actually get to do much of it. There are times when I am focused and all my co workers want to do it talk about recipes. There is a time and place for everything, When I am at work, I want to make money, not sit around with my girlfriends and discuss what were doing that night.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Chicagoland Area, IL","September 19, 2016","3.0"
"Great boss","Loved this job in Gobles, but left due to it closing. The company itself is okay. Lots of pressure in cross selling. It was hard to do the this bank conversations to there satisfaction.","CSA II","Former Employee","Gobles, MI","September 19, 2016","4.0"
" this bank","Work environment a little stressful. Have a lot to work on overall for the company. Takes good care of their employees. Compensation is great, do you're job and you will be rewarded.","Business Lending Services","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","September 19, 2016","4.0"
"Hard working likes challenges","A typical day in work is busy with no stopping just working to your fullest potential. I have learned that everyone has different expertise don't expect everyone to work you The hardest part of the job is not sweating the small stuff. I love working with people that is what makes the job the best plus always learning new task.","Work Leader for Loan Processing","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 19, 2016","4.0"
"Good working experience at this bank","I learnt lots of front-end technologies there. My colleagues were all nice and smart. The environment in this bank is really good! Typically I attend scrum meeting every morning.","Front End Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 18, 2016","5.0"
" this bank"," this bank is a great company for anyone wanting to begin a career in the Banking field. I work with a hard-working team and enjoy helping customers reach their financial goals.","Universal Branch Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","September 18, 2016","3.0"
" this bank Employees at Work","This is the best place to work. The staff and colleagues are simply awesome.Good Learning Scope, can get chance to learn different technologies. Just loved it.","Tableau Developer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 17, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace."," this bank is a very productive work environment. Everyday is a learning experience. Great teamwork is the key to work for a common goal and achieved expectations and customer satisfaction.","Operations Work Leader","Current Employee","Dallas, TX","September 17, 2016","3.0"
"n/a","I learned how to do customer service were people would bring back things or do returns. The hardest part of the job was communication. I enjoyed this job because of the people I made friends there.","Teller","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","September 15, 2016","2.0"
"Favortisim and Unprofessionalism","The job isn't hard but when management shows favoritism and picks on the employees it's hard to function and have a health work environment. There is no balance between work and life as this bank values and conduct portrays, the Southgate Dix Toledo branch lacks help","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Southgate, MI","September 15, 2016","3.0"
"Busy workplace with multitasking to meet customers needs.","Typically, I would always run the drive thru at the bank. I learned to be quick and efficient to process customers transaction as they were usually in a hurry. I did like my management and co-workers as I am still in contact with most of them even after I quit. They became more than just my co-workers, they became dear friends as well. The hardest part of the job I would have to say was trying to get referrals in the drive thru because usually people were in a hurry to get in, get out, and get done. I was able to get some customers to upgrade accounts or get new ones once in a while but when they wanted to get done so quickly, it did make it a little more difficult. The most enjoyable part of my job was the fact that I got to meet new people and help them the best that I could. Some of my favorite customers also became friends and to this day we are still in contact and keep in touch.","Drive Thru Teller","Former Employee","Pickerington, OH","September 14, 2016","3.0"
"Productive and fun worplace","It was a great place to work. its sales oriented. I learnt how to be team player. Management was a bit challenging. Co workers were great. Hardest part of the job was the sales goals. the most enjoyable part were working with my tea and satisfying my clients.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Teaneck, NJ","September 14, 2016","4.0"
"instability in leadership of the region","The regional manager, if he does not like you, you will be put in a position to quit or get fired!!!! They all have there favorites. No growth opportunities in this region.","Branch Sales Associate","Former Employee","Norfolk, VA","September 14, 2016","1.0"
"Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager","I was a Vice President and the Senior Portfolio Manager in this bank Advisors. Princeton was their largest office with over 600 accounts.The job was easy, except for the number of clients that I was expected to serve. They ranged from 600 when I started to 350, when they hired a second portfolio manager.There was a great deal of client entertainment at breakfast, lunch and dinner.and many company meetings at a distance. I worked hard and was well paid Management and administrative changes were very fluid while I was there.","Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager","Former Employee","Princeton, NJ","September 13, 2016","3.0"
"Management does not uphold company values.","Company has a great reputation overall, but management does not uphold the same values. As long as numbers are hit, regional managers don't seem to be concerned with how the branches are run on a day to day basis. This leads to unfair treatment of associates and clients.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","North Carolina","September 13, 2016","3.0"
"Fast paced and very productive","My typical day consist of reviewing all commercial loans assigned to my queue. Verify any and all documents received for each request. I learned how to work in a fast pace environment. I get along with all my co-workers. We all help out one another. The hardest part of the job for me is getting there. I have recently moved and this is why I'm looking for a new position closer to home. The commute is driving me crazy, but I do what I have to do until I find another.","Loan Coordinator","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 13, 2016","4.0"
"Only if.... we got paid more","This is a great bank to work for. I work in the grocery store branch. The hours are extended and we do work holidays. The company offers good healthcare, but very high deductibles. Maternity leave is 16 weeks here. the bank unlike many other companies matches the 401k 4% and has a pension unlike other banks. Yes other banks do pay more that is the only issue. We aren't pressured as hard as other banks to sell sell sell but it worth it if you want the money.","BSSA","Current Employee","Timonium, MD","September 13, 2016","3.0"
"Great bank","During my time at this bank I have learned a lot in regards to bank policies and procedures, fraud detection and customer service. A typical day would not only be processing customer transactions, but also scheduling appointments, doing my best to resolve any client problem or complaint, making and receiving phone calls from clients, being aware of surroundings and monitoring any suspicious persons or activities, and recommending products and services to clients to better assist them as well as increase their financial well being.","Teller Banking Representative","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","September 13, 2016","2.0"
" this bank"," this bank was a great place to work! It's a laid-back environment that will put your foot in the door for a business career. Management is very professional.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Lexington, KY","September 12, 2016","5.0"
"Fun place to learn more knowledge along with peace of mind.","It was a great honor to work under such prestigious organisation where I used to do tasks such as Creation and maintenance of the database, Managing Control file, Redo log file and Data file, Creating user accounts, roles, profiles & granting access to the database and more tasks,","Oracle DBA","Former Employee","New Jersey","September 12, 2016","5.0"
"Banking","The Company was a good place to work. There was no room for advancement. I loved helping people and empowering them to have more control of their financial life.","Loan Support Analyst","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","September 11, 2016","3.0"
"Productive","A great company to grow and endless opportunities. Supportive coworkers and friends who becomes your family. A family oriented company. Most awarding part of the job is knowing you helped someone better their life and finance.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Mount Pleasant, PA","September 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great Benefit, Paid time off","A very fun place to work. Superb Work-Life Balance. Call Center environment. Have the opportunity to meet other co-workers but demands of job offers little socializing.","Customer Service Representative II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2016","3.0"
"It was quite at all amazing time working there learn many things there","what should i say after an year it was afterall the experience that mattered the most.Make some memories and learn new things.","DATA ANALYST","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","September 7, 2016","4.0"
"Fast paced","Fast paced rewarding job, hardest part is not being able to reverse fees to customers who needed it the most. Co-workers are fun to be around a sense of family.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","Whitehall, OH","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"Good company trying to be a good corporate citizen.","Good company trying to be a good corporate citizen. Best part of the job: Working with clients, both internal and external. Hardest part of the job: Keeping up with the regulatory environment.","Corporate Banking","Former Employee","Washington, DC","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"Working for this bank","Bonus and compesation structure needs to be more detailed. There were constant changes on it, and looks like there is not much of stability on those two things.","Sr Loan Processor","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"A great stepping stone"," this bank has a great culture, but within the small world of Business Credit managers have too much impact on your future given that you will never even once work with them. Travel can be tiring at times too in the Field Examiner role.","Development Program, Business Credit - Analyst","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","September 6, 2016","4.0"
"It was en excellent company to work at/","I actually was hired back in 1985 and the compamy back then was named ,Bradford Trust. I came in as an Accts/Payable Clerk. I worked during the day and went to school at night and thanks to them, I only had to only pay 20% of my tuition, as the remainder was paid thru the company's tuition reimbursement program I grew up with the company as it went from 100 employees to 3,500 in the 24 years I was there. I ended up as a senior programmer analyst. Good company to work for....","Programmer Analyst","Former Employee","Westborough, MA","September 5, 2016","5.0"
"I have to travel everyday for my job, but it was a good place to work everyday that I was there.","I was in a position where travel to a different property each day was required. There was something different each day and that is exciting to me. When I was in the office, my co-workers were outstanding and very friendly. Management provided good training when needed and also provided good overall guidance in my career. The 24/7 on-call schedule is the hardest part of the job, but I also like the excitement of addressing and finding solutions to on-going customer concerns and responding to emergencies situations on a 24/7 schedule. By keeping busy and doing something different each day I find property management to be very enjoyable It is also hard to see many banking properties closing due to the increasing use of on-line banking to conduct many personal and business banking transaction with new customers. The banking industry as a whole has been gradually reducing the total overall office and banking space they occupy.","Property Manager","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","September 3, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work!","I've worked for other lockbox companies and none compare to this bank. Fair, positive, laid back environment. No micro managing, at least on my shift. Incentive program is awesome! It is production driven so the more you produce the more you make. Starting salary could be a better though.","Operations Associate","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","September 3, 2016","4.0"
"no work/life balance, low pay","Too many non-productive meetings, too much reporting, management needs revamping Great position for someone just starting out.","Merchant Services Account Executive","Former Employee","Smyrna, DE","September 1, 2016","3.0"
"Too little pay","Not a busy branch. No way to obtain a pay increase or promotion. Too much downtown, makes the day drag by. Hours of operation were the only good thing. Pay was terrible.","Teller","Former Employee","Hickory, NC","September 1, 2016","2.0"
" this bank"," this bank had bought out bank N Bank which had done the same with Harbor Federal Savings Bank. The major challenge was conforming to a large bank system from and extremely efficient community Bank. As the system changed, so did the atmosphere of helping our customers.","Business Banking Officer","Former Employee","Port Saint Lucie, FL","September 1, 2016","4.0"
"Production","I love the job, just hate lack of team work. We all have a task here to complete and we can not do it with a (I) in team. Everyone is responsible for different tasks and if there is room to help others then we do so when necessary","MAIL SPECIALIST CLERK II","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","August 31, 2016","3.0"
"great teams that are there for you, but a little unorganized"," this bank taught me a lot. i learned patients working in a call center for over a year and a half overall, i loved working with my team, however i felt lake management kept that teams out of the loop and didn't tell us what we needed to know.","Multi-Channel Consultant (II)","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 31, 2016","4.0"
"Contract Project Manager","• Replacing the existing network in all the branch locations throughout the USA to provide for faster cleaner service • Providing reports to the senior leadership team to manage the Strategic impact of the network changes. • Providing all teams with added process improvement and risk reduction within the PMO","Contract Project Manager","Current Employee","Dallas, TX","August 31, 2016","1.0"
"Productive & fun place to work","Great opportunities to work, learn and grow within the banking industry. Have seen many people on my team promoted to better opportunities within the bank. company has excellent array of Employee Business groups that allow employees to network and grow within the bank.","Outbound Telesales Business Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 31, 2016","3.0"
"An overall enjoyable place to work for.","I enjoyed working at this bank and the management team was awesome. It was a positive environment and there were opportunities to advance in your career.","Part-Time Teller","Former Employee","Port Richey, FL","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Great Place to work","My working environment was awsome and we where all like family at my branch. Because I was there for some time I got to know the customers, their wants and needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Conshohocken, PA","August 30, 2016","4.0"
"Great company to work for","I had been in a few positions with this bank, the training programs were great and there was always room to move up in the company.","Service","Former Employee","Erie, PA","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Excellent company","Excellent company to work for. Benefits and training excellent. The company takes a worldly view of the customer and focuses on the financial well being of the customer. Diverse working environment.","AVP","Current Employee","Timonium, MD","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Productive","This is a wonderful company to work for, the learning environment is exciting and fun and everyone gets along very well with one an other, and they have incentives and bonuses that you can earn through the sales.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Erie, PA","August 30, 2016","5.0"
"Working for this bank Greater Atlanta","I have not meet a single person at this bank who has not seemed content with their jobs. They are all very friendly and seem to have a good life/work balance. The atmosphere is welcoming and the company seems to value their employees. There is of course a lot of paperwork that needs to get done and the learning curve for their particular way of doing things is very high. There does appear to be some turn over, but it is usually from people leaving for other jobs, from what I can tell.","FSC","Former Employee","Atlanta, GA","August 29, 2016","5.0"
"I love my Branch","I love my branch and I love my manager. I just don't agree in the direction that the company is headed towards. If you would like to know more you can definitely ask me.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Warrenton, MO","August 28, 2016","4.0"
"Genuine team atmosphere","Great company to work for however for employees who are located in area where this bank is not prominate, it can be challenging finding growth opportunities.","Employee Relations Specialist","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 27, 2016","4.0"
"high pressure position. heavy turnover.","Lots of cold calling. Attempt to make appointments for Financial Advisor. Became licensed for insurance while there. The employees felt continual pressure to out-perform their preceding month numbers. 100% sales job.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","August 27, 2016","3.0"
"Good place to work","Good place to work, some adjustments could be made. I just do not have a good schedule and hours. Not enough break time. I enjoyed learning new skills that I did not have before beginning employed with this bank.","Operations Senior Specialist","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 27, 2016","3.0"
"fun working.experienced many thing to leran","i had an opportunity of learning many new things.the work environment was really good.it has been busy learning all the time","Cognos Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2016","4.0"
"Strong Sales Culture","Work Life Balance was very good, Mngmnt OK - really push on widget selling - and obtaining goals. Restructure of the Business Bnking Line of Business - many good employees have been Displaced. High Deductible Health Insurance is just awful.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 26, 2016","3.0"
"Lovely place to work","I enjoyed my time at Chase. I would recommend people to work here as well. They are awesome. They will definitely give back what you put into the company.","Customer Service Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","August 26, 2016","5.0"
"Testing","• Performed analysis of functional descriptions, specifications, system and operator manuals, and flow charts • Resolved CA$HLINK II level inquiries from Federal Agencies and Financial Institutions using electronic or software tools, manuals and technical support documentation. • Developed Test Plans, Test Scenarios and detailed test cases based on the business requirements and functional specifications on a mainframe application. • Used Test Director for managing the business requirements, Test plans, Test labs and Test defects. • Performed system testing, Integration testing and Regression testing. Collaborated with the development team to clarify functional specifications.","Junior Tester","Former Employee","Riverdale, MD","August 24, 2016","5.0"
"Sales sales sales","It's all about sales. The company speaks about financial well being like they are going to change the customers life, but it really all about driving sales Compensation is joke./","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Chicagoland, IL","August 24, 2016","2.0"
"Mostly Good People","While my departure was acrimonious my overall experience with this bank was pleasant the employees are knowledgeable and polite and form bonds with clients.","Teller","Former Employee","Lakewood, OH","August 24, 2016","4.0"
"Great co-workers, direct manager really wants you to succeed. Very little opportunity for advancement","Goals and objectives are constantly changing, very little opportunity for advancement and incentive compensation is not competitive. Direct manager is always available to support you, the direct manager wants their subordinates to advance and attempts to help with career development, unfortunately this often does not end up and career advancement. Co-workers are very supportive and fun to work with often because we share the same struggles. Regional mangers do not feel as though they need to follow corporate policy. Due to constant system upgrades there are often times that we lose access to important tools.","Financial Specialist II","Current Employee","Grand Rapids, MI","August 23, 2016","3.0"
"great bank","Larger bank with good upper management that really seems to care about all of the employees. Focus on career development is a big thing. Very customer focused.","treasury management","Current Employee","Pennsylvania","August 23, 2016","5.0"
"A friendly and encouraging workplace.","We were required to perform multiple functions in a day. Management was very encouraging and pushed us to do our best. My co-workers were always very positive and helpful. Most enjoyable part of the job was being able to help the customer's with their financial problems.","DETECTIVE AND INVESTIGATIVE ANALYST","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 23, 2016","4.0"
"n/a"," this bank was a great opportunity to start my career after college. I learned how to deal with Face to Face interaction. I loved my time there. Now I am looking for an opportunity to work at a corporate level.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Naperville, IL","August 22, 2016","3.0"
"calm and cool","talking to clients and meeting what's asked of me throughout the day, also checking work before submitted it. Meeting all deadlines no matter what it takes.","Operations Analyst II","Current Employee","Highland Hills, OH","August 21, 2016","5.0"
"Adjustable and great place to work","Receiving and assisting customers with the inquiries. Learned to redeem points for customers and how to walk them through on utilizing Online Banking","Customer Care Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 20, 2016","5.0"
"Many promises not real facts","Many promises when hiring but not real opportunities once on board, very limited branches on this market and even more limited advance opportunities, limited duties compare to similar positions at other banks based on 15 yrs experiences","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Bradenton, FL","August 19, 2016","3.0"
"High stress job, but co workers were kind.","My Job as a default specialist at this bank was fast paced and at times, stressful. The people who I worked with were kind and fun to be around. Without them working as a default specialist would been much more stressful.","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 19, 2016","3.0"
"SR San/Storage Implementation Specialist","Good Place to work Great learning Experience. Excellent Management. Good work ethics. Great environment. Good team and great environment ,","Storage Implementation Specialist","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 18, 2016","5.0"
"Fun workplace.","Good break room and I loved walking around the job, helped me maintain a good healthy lifestyle as opposed to sitting behind a desk all the time. I was the most fit at this job then any other job I've had.","Bank teller - Full-time","Current Employee","Rockledge, FL","August 18, 2016","4.0"
"Great Job with Huge Benefits!","Management can suck, but HR department is awesome so it makes things better. Great company along with awesome benefits for growth if you'd stay with the company.","Multi-Channel Sales Associate","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 17, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work","Balance debits and credits on client accounts, research client atm transactions if there was an issue. liaison between clients and bank branches. Looked through atm tapes and client statements to rectify any errors.","Error Resolution Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 17, 2016","4.0"
"Very productive and fun work office","Each day you knew what needed to be done, we also have morning huddle which is to keep everyone inform or get updated information.","Detection and Investigation Analyst Sr","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","August 16, 2016","5.0"
"Good for a hold me over, limited potential for career starting at this level","Seems great at the onset, once you get your feet wet and settled in, you begin to see why turnover is so frequent. Performance driven with limited ability to own the experience. 100 calls per day, seems like Team Leads are never around, or when they are they are in meetings or busy.","Customer Care Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2016","3.0"
"Excellent place to work with room for advancement","Work assigned to you via email; work independently and with others during training sessions. Used 10-15 different computer systems throughout the day. Demands of time management skills and multi-tasking workload. Always room for advancement in this company. Great support management.","Loan Support Analyst II","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 15, 2016","5.0"
"Productive and fun place to work","Working environment good place to work. I have learned really lots of new things at the work.I really love to work here. Management was really good. My boss was really supporting.","QA Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 15, 2016","5.0"
"Must be very flexible","Time management wasn't the greatest, definitely have gone through many struggles such as staffing but somehow it was overcome with great sacrifices. Sometimes you will not eat lunch at the same time everyday or not at all. Breaks will vary as well and your clock out time can change from time to time due to branch meetings, or branch audits due to over or short in a teller's drawer. Some branches do go out of their way to celebrate birthdays which I enjoyed but got my birth day wrong (I'm November and somehow they got September.) The hardest part of my job is working the teller supervisor position and not getting compensated for it and not asked to take the position when it was open.","Teller III/ATM Custodian/Back-Up Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Annapolis, MD 21401","August 12, 2016","2.0"
"Stay away","Was once a great Bank...no longer true. New Sr. Leadership is the issue. Culture has gone down hill fast. No longer customer focused. People leaving in droves.","Banker","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","August 11, 2016","1.0"
"Great Company","Loved the people I worked with and the company took great care of it's employees. They organized a semi-annual employee appreciation week filled with events and food for us.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Belleville, MI","August 11, 2016","5.0"
"Very low salary and not motivated work environement","It was a challenging position very demanding but not really compensated in the same level. Employees are just a number and the was not training or career advancement.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Montclair, NJ","August 11, 2016","4.0"
"Not a fun place to work.","Not a nice place to work. There is not much room for advancement unless you know someone. The credit card department is the worst department to go into.","Credit Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","August 10, 2016","1.0"
"Not what they tell you in interview","working in a branch is a difficult task and they leave things out at the interview. work life balance is not good. hard to even make doc appointments. everything is if the branch can afford you not working that day. its 6days a week unless you use vacation. bonus is hard to get when this bank approval rate on loans are high.","Universal Banker","Current Employee","Columbus, OH","August 10, 2016","2.0"
"teller","Processing various customers transactions including deposits, withdrawals , transfers , payments , and check cashing . Balancing cash drawer . Recommending appropriate products. Super nice Management very helpful. Also co-workers we all worked together.","Teller","Former Employee","Thorndale, PA","August 10, 2016","5.0"
"Great Place to Work","Great corporate culture and stable, though hard to advance once inside due to a very poor pay band structure that favors outside talent over inside talent.","Vice President","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 10, 2016","4.0"
"Productive and fun workplace"," this bank is an excellent employer. They offer a host of products to suit the growing needs of both the individual consumer and the large corporate customers.","Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Tenafly, NJ","August 10, 2016","4.0"
"Good place to gain experience in order to advance","A typical day on the job consists of checking and answering emails, resolving any issues that your clients may have (such as an account that has been overdrawn), answering phone calls, making outbound calls to schedule appointments, handle financial transactions and open bank accounts. Lastly lots of coffee In regards to learning, I learned a lot about financial products and how they work such as mortgages. I learned how to provide really good customer service Management was very respectful but many times somewhat hypocritical in their demands for meeting goals Hardest part was dealing with very rude customers and making sales goals with products such as credit cards because many people would not qualify The most enjoyable part was helping really great clients. There were many of them that were very appreciative and nice. Also the coffee was pretty good.","Universal Banker","Former Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 9, 2016","3.0"
" this bank","Overall a good company to work for. I made tons of friends at this employer. During my time there pay was much better than what I heard it is today though.","Teller","Former Employee","Peoria, IL","August 9, 2016","4.0"
"Best Communication among co workers","High goals were given which you can can only achieve if you have every team member on board. Daily team huddles to know the areas of focus we needed to work on. Learning the strengths and weakness of each and every team member and working off of them.You spent so much time with your fellow team mates you would create a family bond.","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Jupiter, FL","August 9, 2016","4.0"
"Not the same","I have been at this bank for 4 years. Customers and employees used to matter. Not anymore. All management cares about is the stockholder and stock price.","Private Client Group Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 9, 2016","2.0"
"Business Analyst - Mortgage","Overall good experience. You will spend lots of time preparing decks and researching KPI's for senior management to make intelligent business decisions. There can be obstacles to getting things done (departments, old thought processes, ect.) that make this job frustrating at time. However, leadership is receptive to feedback.","Business Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","August 8, 2016","4.0"
"Stressful environment for low pay but provides good experience and benefits if you stay long enough.","I've been with the bank for four years in two separate positions. In both positions I've been one of the top performers in my region but nothing is ever good enough and getting anything above an mediocre review and subsequently a decent raise is extremely difficult. They will always find one category you didn't hit goal at and use it to justify their position. Bonuses can be great or horrible depending on your position and time of year. The incentive plan changes all the time. They have gone as far as to change incentive negatively for products you've already sold but of course only positively for future sales. Turnover is extremely high and staffing is a constant issue. It's not uncommon to run at half staff for months at a time, meanwhile the goals and expectations stay the same. It's not uncommon that you have to do two people's jobs. Then of course you work constant overtime and take short or no lunch. I've had co-workers quit and walk out, go to lunch and never come back, no call no show for days then quit, have panic attacks at work and have to leave, all because of the stress level and demands of the job. The benefits package is nice but you have to be with the company for 6 months before you get your full benefits and 3 years before your vested in their 401(k) and pension. So if you leave for any reason before 3 years, you lose them.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 7, 2016","2.0"
"Watch your back","They are letting great employees go when they challenge lack of strategy to win. They say they are a tech leader, but they are not. The word collaboration does not exist in retail banking.","Universal Branch Sales Manager","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","August 7, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to work with the right manager","Great customers but a typical day at work can be horrible depending on the type of day your manager is having. Management should be the examples they wish to see in their employees. Too many Indians, not enough Chiefs. I've learned the art of multitasking. Great customers though...","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","August 6, 2016","2.0"
"Fast paced and well organized workplace.","A typical day at work is busy, but with ample oppurtunity to be personally attentive to customers. I've learned a multitude of neccesary, people and teamwork skills that make my workplace experience extremely fufilling .","Teller Lead","Current Employee","Roanoke Rapids, NC","August 6, 2016","5.0"
"Great Team overall","Great team and management. I receive a lot of support and work to life balance. No sales pressure and great clients to work with. Upper management takes the time to know you.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Fort Lauderdale, FL","August 6, 2016","5.0"
"Great job if you are looking for a career to move up"," this bank is a great company. Especially if you have no set skills. Their on the job training is top notch. Depending if you are a teller or a customer service rep at the desk your day can be different. But your day is consumed with helping customers which I love. The processes that are set up for this bank makes it easy to complete your daily task.","Sales Associate","Former Employee","Laurel, MD","August 4, 2016","5.0"
"Friendly Inviorment","Distributing and collecting mail, stock floor orders; handle inquiries from this bank employees; provide office support; answer incoming calls and perform data entry. It is a lot of walking and you must have good memory.","Mail Clerk","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","August 4, 2016","4.0"
"Never Work There","The banks want to tell you how to do everything and when to do it. This is why when you go to the banks there are so many new faces.","Service Rep","Former Employee","Springfield, VA","August 3, 2016","2.0"
"Very strict","great place to work yada yada yada i filed this request before and do not feel like repeating myself indeed all i need is a job not to review old jobs im looking for better opportunities","Universal Bank Consultant","Former Employee","Heathrow, FL","August 3, 2016","5.0"
"Cool company, nothing amazing.","I learned a lot. There's opportunities to grow and get promoted. The hours were excellent in-store honestly. I loved my shifts. I performed very well, so management really encouraged and helped me grow even more.","Marketing Ambassador","Former Employee","Somerset, NJ 08873","August 2, 2016","4.0"
"Its very productive and effective company"," this bank is a company that I recommend for every one good work ethics productive tolerance love it.all this time the main supervisor are great and manjement.","Operation Analyst","Current Employee","Richardson, TX","August 1, 2016","5.0"
"If you want to excell apply for this bank","I love my job here. Its amazing. They give you opportunities to do any job you want. You don't have to go to school to be a banker they compeletely train you on everything you need to know","Bank Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","August 1, 2016","5.0"
"Poor Management, Glass Ceilings and Underpayment"," this bank is notorious for underpaying their employees. The average education level of my department is a GED. I have a Masters and do not get paid equally. The management team creates a glass ceiling and an exclusionary environment. Out of 6 individuals with Masters, there will only be one individual left after I leave.","Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 31, 2016","2.0"
"Great Company","The company is very sales driven. Management can be tough. Good benefits, good bonuses, base pay is low but bonuses will make for that","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Newtown Square, PA","July 31, 2016","3.0"
" this bank","I don't agree with the way that the treat African American employees. They have decent healthcare plans. The work environment was very unprofessional and chaotic. The pay was good, however the hectic atmosphere isn't worth it.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 30, 2016","1.0"
"Great place to work","Great place to work, however, management could use some more training in communication. The incentive program which his based on your performance is great.","Accounts Receivable","Current Employee","Itasca, IL","July 29, 2016","3.0"
"Great work/life balance","Besides dealing with the customer's calling frantically about their money I enjoy this bank. The team leads value your opinion.","Core Consultant II","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 29, 2016","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank was a great place to work. I had to move out of state with a significant other and there were no this bank's where I was moving. It was a shame I had to leave.","Branch Sales and Service Associate","Former Employee","Beaver Falls, PA","July 29, 2016","5.0"
"Good","I started here when I was young and it was a great job that grew up with me. The customers are the best and it is great learning their stories and getting to know them. I have learned so much from this job a lot of young people my age probably know nothing about. Greatest opportunity I have had so far.","Banking Teller Representative","Current Employee","Strongsville, OH","July 28, 2016","4.0"
"WBB (Web Based Banking) helps online banking customers to see past transactions and plan for future ones that will apply for selected accounts. WBB on","• Worked in the design and development phases of the application using ROR framework. • Used Rails, AJAX, JSON, CSS and JQUERY to design the front end of the application. Back end of the application is developed mainly using Active Records. • Created and deployed new features and amend existing features. • Developed and tested many features in an AGILE environment using Ruby on Rails, HTML5, CSS JavaScript, Bootstrap, Rspec, and Html.","Senior Ruby on Rails Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 26, 2016","5.0"
"Fun place to work the people make the job","My position is prospect deadline oriented. Support the sales team. Good place for working mothers - back-up care options","RFP Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2016","4.0"
"Flexibility in most teams, terrible compensation","While this bank can be flexible in most situations with work-life balance and setting work schedules, they do not seem to care about retaining good employees. I have seen many great employees leave over the last couple of years because of compensation. Employees for the most part, are not compensated competively and even when people receive promotions, they are sometimes still not receiving even a one dollar increase in salary.","Finance Project Coordinator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 25, 2016","3.0"
"Productive,","A typical day at an in-store this bank would be from 10am-730pm. Most of out time is spent cold calling a lot of the customers we encounter in the teller station and positioning products and services","FIANCIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","July 25, 2016","4.0"
"banker","i work at this bank, its okay with just about everything, but the work in non rewarding, and the managers are crazy in the current low rate environment. they've lost their work/life balance appeal","Assistant Vice President","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","July 24, 2016","4.0"
"Challenge accepted.... and conqured","As a Lead/Project Manager I have to monitor workflow, do all reporting, head meetings, and put out the day to day fires. It takes great organizational and time management skills I've learned a lot about managing time, meeting deadlines, how to manage in a fast paced, business environment I've helped build my team into a well oiled, independent machine that needs little supervision. They are a great group who takes on challenges well The hardest part about the job is managing several different time sensitive aspects of it at once. Emails, instant messages, persona team inquiries, meetings, and upper management requests and the juggling it takes to e successful The most enjoyable part of my job is the challenge it brings day to day and the unique problem solving aspect of it.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","July 22, 2016","4.0"
" this bank was a good bank to start my banking career","I learned a great deal at this bank. My immediate Supervisors were dedicated to our success, I was looking forward to going full time when the decision was made to move West. I was a Teller. Not a Branch Manager","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Bloomsbury, NJ","July 22, 2016","5.0"
"Ahead of the game in technology and always willing to teach","All in all I have been impressed with this bank as a company. They have taught me a lot and I learn new things every day. I get to work with a variety of people. this bank is always looking for new ways to increase they're roll in an ever-growing technologically advancing society. It's been fun being a part of this bank's development as a company.","Lead","Current Employee","Greensburg, PA","July 22, 2016","4.0"
"It was a nice place to work for.","Need to pay more,and not so good healthcare.My manager was great, hands on.I would have still been there if it wasn't for the pay and healthcare.","Loan Closing Analyst","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 22, 2016","3.0"
"Good place to get experience","I was able to advance through this bank rather quickly with a lot of hard work and dedication. If you have the will to succeed they will assist you with your development.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2016","4.0"
"Comfortable work environment","Nice building and space to work in. Very friendly people. this bank puts you though a very thorough training called this bank University and it is intense and gives you all the tools to be successful The management is good for the most part. Co-workers are helpful and very much work as a team...no matter what building you are located in. Hardest part of the job was mean customers. Most enjoyable was the majority of the customers were very nice.","Core Card Service Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2016","3.0"
"Great place to work","I loved working for this bank I regret leaving. A typical day at this bank was friendly customer service. Normal bank teller duties Management was fair, and wonderful. My co-workers were a pleasure to work with, and we all became friends who worked well together. The hardest part of the job is if something went wrong, and a customer wasn't happy. The good part of that was someone is always there to make them understand, and leave happy. The most enjoyable part of the job was pretty much everything. We all worked together like a well oiled machine. The busy times went by fast, and at the end of the day we were all happy and proud of our days work I'd give training an A+. I'd give the Managers an A+. I'd give my co-workers an A++. Over all products they offer an A+++ *If you are lucky enough to be a part of the this bank team you will love it.","Teller","Former Employee","Smiths Grove, KY and Bowling Green, KY","July 20, 2016","5.0"
