"Great company for working mothers","I mostly enjoyed working with a team of seasoned professionals in the banking industry. ","Senior Associate","Former Employee","Palm Beach, FL","June 26, 2013","4.0"
"Great Company","Great company, it offers extensive mortgage opportunities","Mortgage Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 26, 2013","5.0"
"typical retail bank job","lack of training made it hard to manage an office that had little to no experienced staff.
","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","pittsburgh,pa","June 26, 2013","3.0"
"not teh best place to work","it's horrible being stuck in a grocery store, my manager didn't really care what we did or our growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Dumont, NJ","June 25, 2013","1.0"
"Nice job to work from home","I answer between 100 and 120 calls a day. This job is a very high level of stress. We have to be consistant with every customer that calls in and to help them achieve their financial goals. I enjoy helping the customers with their banking needs. The hardest part of this job is having to tell a customer no that we are unable to refund fees from them. ","Financial Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo MI","June 24, 2013","3.0"
"Too Inconsistent ","Nothing is in black and white - rules are made up as you go. Compensation is pitiful, unless your a branch manager or higher. It was okay for the time I was there, but I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 24, 2013","3.0"
"Teller","helping customers with their daily transactions from cashing checks, depositing, withdrawaling and approach customers with products referral to meet their financial needs. ","Teller","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","June 20, 2013","5.0"
"Horrid place to work, great place to learn","local management in the Alabama area is clueless to how to make this bank work in the local market. Local manager will ask you too unethical things to boost your numbers thereby boosting her numbers. Be careful!","Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","AL","June 20, 2013","2.0"
"Amazing Management","Amazing management team that encouraged personal and business successes. Great team and work environment. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Easton, PA","June 19, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and learning environment","I took care of clients' banking needs and assisted them with any issues they had. I learned how to effectively multi task while still delivering a 5 star customer service experience. The hardest part of my job was to overcome obstacles such as referring clients to other products or having investment conversations. But, with the help of coaching, I faced my fears and now feel comfortable. The most enjoyable part of my job is the people I work with and the different people I see to have a new conversation daily. ","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","June 18, 2013","5.0"
"nice place to work","scan the docs scan the docs, scanning software they used, coworkers were ok I stayed to my self,job was fairly easy,going home
","image processer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 14, 2013","2.0"
"I enjoyed the customer relationships I built during the 8 years I worked for this bank. The ability to learn new things during my time there was important.","When I first started in the banking industry it was more of a town home bank. We were bought out by this bank and joined the corporate world, naturally there were a lot of changes and I adapted very quickly. I had a very good customer following. I worked well with my co-workers. One thing in particular that my customers and co-workers would always comment on is the fact I always remembered names.","Teller II","Former Employee","Ocean City, MD","June 13, 2013","5.0"
"Quickstart and Goal Setting","A day at work would always start with a Quick Start. Quick Start is a 10-15 minute pep rally. I would huddle with the team to set individual goals on activities for the day and set the stage. Motivate the team to reach their goals and set the tone of the day I would then meet with my Financial Sales Consultant and talk about how her previous day went. Ask her question around what she felt she did good and what she found that may have hinder her from selling a product or having a complete conversation with a customer. I would role play with what hinder her from having the conversation with the customer, so she would feel comfortable with the next customer. She would set a goal for herself on the activities she was going to work on for the day. Then I would end our daily debrief with praising her on what she accomplished. I feel it's always best to end with a positive note. The hardest part of my job is when I can't provide for my customer. For example, when they are trying to better themselves and they would like to consolidate loans and it's declined. I give them advice and show them how they can build their credit. At the same time I know I did all that I could but the expression on their face is so hard to look at. On the other side, when I am able to provide for a customer who is purchasing their first car or home and the joy in their face is the most enjoyable part of my day. It also brings me joy when my team succeeds in meeting our goal in sales and customer service Gallup survey.
","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Spring Hope, NC","June 13, 2013","3.0"
"processing claims","data entry extreme sitting, process claims medical bills. working second shift 330p-12am","Data Entry","Current Employee","Fairview, OH","June 11, 2013","4.0"
"Rapidly growing ","good company to work for, high priority on work life balance.","Vice President Underwriting","Current Employee","DOWNERS GROVE IL","June 10, 2013","3.0"
"Fun work environment, neat people and good place to work","I have worked at this bank for going on 8 years. I have grown as a person and manager in this period of time. They worked well with my school schedule during college and provided me with a great work/life flexibility. I even met my fiance while working for this bank. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 9, 2013","5.0"
"No Training No Future","I will make this as simple as possible, this is not a good company to work for. No training and no future do not fall for the lies.","Assistant Branch Manger","Former Employee","Seymour, IN","June 9, 2013","1.0"
"Great employees and team players","Handling money and balancing cash draw, Helping customers with their account information and needs, Handling the ATM, ","Teller","Former Employee","Whiteville, NC","June 8, 2013","5.0"
"Good hours, lousy management ","Horrible training, lousy managers. Supervisors who didn't know what they were doing, criticism ","Teller","Former Employee","Painesville, OH","June 8, 2013","2.0"
"fun work place good place to work at","My day at work is at most times easy going. I talk to customers all day long on the phone and handle their problems. I work in a team but as well have my own file that I am responsible for each month.","Account Specialist","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 8, 2013","5.0"
"Great Company, Experience Varies by Department","While this bank is listed as a great place to work by multiple publications, individual experiences will vary by department. Some groups allow flexible work arrangements, while others offer very littel work/life balance. Additionally, some departments offer very little in way of career development and/or advancement Senior leadership is truly committed to culture and values, making this a company with long-term success on the horizon.","Manager","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","June 7, 2013","4.0"
"Job","I worked here for 9 months as payment processor, and data entry but I had to move to another company near to my home.","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","IL","June 7, 2013","5.0"
"Exceptional support","Training, communicationa and support were beyond expectations during a challenging acqusition.","TREASURY MANAGEMENT OFFICER","Former Employee","Melbourne, FL","June 7, 2013","5.0"
"A solid company with many talented employees whom were a joy to work with","Attended to the needs of Wealth Management Trust clients through various services. I enjoyed the close working relationship with clients and being able to help them. I enjoyed my co-workers, they were all very helpful and kind. the hardest part of the job was my relationship with the Trust Advisor that I assisted. The most enjoyable part of the job was the client interaction and the other associates I worked with. ","Service Specialist","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","June 6, 2013","4.0"
"Not much room for advancement they would rather hire externally","Worked here for two years and received an eleven cent raise... what a joke, Was unable to move up in the company twice I applied for a job and was declined due to hiring externally. Go to Key or Huntington at least you get paid more per hour to do the same thing. Do not waste your time with a company that does not value their employees time and dedication.","Teller","Current Employee","OH","June 5, 2013","1.0"
"Taking the Bank to the Business","In my position as a WorkPlace FSC it was my job to take the bank into the business. ","WorkPlace Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Central Indiana","June 5, 2013","3.0"
"Good Benefits, Horrible Management"," this bank was great, when it was bank N. Since this bank took over, the overall morale of our department plummeted. Things changed on a daily basis and were not communicated with the rest of the department. this bank started to push out the people that made 'too much' money for their position, so they could downsize and hire in new employees at a lower salary. ","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","June 5, 2013","2.0"
"A professional work environment","Working at this bank was a professional, structured job where accuracy, patience, and customer service were very important. ","Financial Services Consultant","Former Employee","State College, PA","June 4, 2013","4.0"
"A Good company to work for.","I was responsible for managing a group of 12-18 consultants that serviced customers on a daily basis. The group that I managed specialized in loan servicing. Essentially servicing and providing insight on all the lending instruments provided by the bank with the exception of first mortgages. I have learned a lot about the banking industry during my time with this bank. Both within my area and across different departments. I would say the most enjoyable portion of working with the customers is helping to find products that best fit their individual needs and then making certain they understand any pitfalls or potential nuances they may encounter. On the other hand, not all customers choose to follow the right path and sometimes get into products or services that do no best represent their needs and can cause high levels of frustration for our clients. Which in turn is reflected in our conversations. This is not one of the more enjoyable aspects, but it does provide the opportunity to turn the business around and perhaps even secure a greater wallet share. ","Supervisor","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","June 4, 2013","4.0"
" this bank does not care at all about it's employees. They say they do, but their actions speak differently.","Terrible place to work. They do not care about the employees at all. It is all about the numbers. They feel that their brand is so strong that people will just flock to be a part of the bank. Pressure galore. this bank is bad about paying people enough for all the responsibility they have.","Financial Advisor","Former Employee","Chillicothe, OH","June 4, 2013","1.0"
"Need more changes","If you are outside of Pittsburgh things are completing different. ","Quality Control Business Analyst","Current Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","June 4, 2013","3.0"
"productive place to work, meeting and greeting customer service ","a typical day at work is transaction, customer service, and working with currency.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Peckville, PA","June 4, 2013","4.0"
"Daily face to face contact with customers","ability to build relationships, learn new skill sets and move within organization","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Camden, NJ","June 3, 2013","3.0"
"Co workers were team players and customer were nice","Balancing cash drawer and maintaining funds. Customer service. I learned the ins and outs of being a bank teller and handling large sums of cash as well as the paperwork required. Co workers were team players. The hardest part of the job was working 10 hours 1 week and then 35 the next. I really enjoyed the customer interaction.","Peak Time Bank Teller","Former Employee","Throop, PA","June 3, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to work, good benefits, flexible scheduling","Typical day at work would be assisting customer's with transactions, balancing your teller window, cross-selling and referring bank products, some problem resolution and other duties as assigned. Co-workers were always nice to work with in a team environment. Training given was always good. Management was always nice to work with.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Howell, MI","June 1, 2013","5.0"
"Productive, fun place to work.","A typical day starts by opening my email and seeing new request from clients and/or partners from another line of business. Attending meetings to optimize work production and to learn about new processes. Management does not micro manage which enables everyone to be independent. The hardest part of the job sometimes is following all the procedures to complete simple task of the red tape was not there. The most enjoyable part is the coworkers.","Service Specialist Coordinator","Current Employee","Millburn, NJ","May 30, 2013","4.0"
"Nice place - low pay","I love working with my co-workers, unfortunately our branch is being closed. Advancement into higher pay grades is difficult even if you have the education qualifications. Branch workers have low pay. I have met a lot of great people-customers and co-workers. ","Customer Sales and Service Associate","Current Employee","Sharpsville, PA","May 30, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Worked from the comfort of my home, really what else can I say this job was wonderful. How many people get to work in their PJ's with their feet up on their desk? Not many,but I did. this bank decided to close the main building that I worked form so my job was moved to Pittsburgh otherwise I had planned on retiring from this position. "," this bank Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","May 27, 2013","5.0"
"seniority ","The people who have worked for the company longer tend to get there way over new comes.","Teller","Current Employee","Wayne, NJ","May 27, 2013","3.0"
"I like my job and I am good at it.","I key checks and documents. I have learned how to look at the whole picture of the department and how each job effects each other. I work 3 days during the week and 2 weekend days. My weekend supervisor is very knowledge, compashionate and a great leader. I not only like her, but I consider her a friend. Corporate headquarters recently decided we are no longer allowed to work overtime, which hurts me financially, but it also leaves me feeling like we are not sustaining the best service we can to our customeres. It is hard for me to leave my work unfinish becaused of this change in policy. Best part of my job is the people I work with. We work as a team and try to provide the best services we can.","Senior Operations Specialist","Current Employee","Moorestown, NJ","May 27, 2013","3.0"
"Micro-Managed Work","Basically, working in my department of this bank is like being in high school all over again... actually, it's worse. You're not supposed to have extensive conversations with your coworkers, if any at all. You have to keep track of every little thing that you do in a 'productivity database.' People tell on each other, instead of resolving issues with themselves. Team leads (one in particular) thinks she's the 'punisher', and enjoys bossing people around and reporting them for petty occurrences Everyone seems to be getting more miserable by the day. We have cake days for birthdays each month and food days, where we stuff ourselves with carbohydrates. People need to move around more. No wonder everyone is over-weight and unhappy. The pay is horrible. Having acquired bank N and Royal Bank of Canada, this bank's compensation and bonuses have slumped significantly from what I've been told. You only get 6 occasional absence days in addition to your vacation time and holidays. So whether you are sick and/or have a doctor's appointment or there is a death in the family or you have an interview, that's it for the year. And you can bet that if you want to use vacation time, you're going to get hassled for it. You may have a higher education than your manager's manager, you won't be compensated for it The up-sides are that job is not overly hard to do. You come in, punch your numbers, get everything it at a particular time, and then go home. You don't have to take your work home with you. ","Operations Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 27, 2013","3.0"
"New technology skills provided","Overnight shift hours were great! A typical day included several scenarios involved in the production and maintenance of client product. As lead Workflow Coordinator, I was constantly dependent on my team to make things happen, and they consistently provided miracles. ","Operations Workflow Manager","Former Employee","Richardson, TX","May 22, 2013","5.0"
"pretty disappointed so far","I am a loan officer with this bank and I'm very disappointed with my employer thus far. the training was horrible I thought I was joining a company with 5 star training in pitts burg and it's just not the case. my compensation was not what it was told when I started,everything in this company seems delayed.I can tell this bank ceo has the best interest for employees but the staff and the underwriters are not efficient enough... there's definitely room for improvement! You will work like an animal to get loans done. processes timely most loan officers are doing the job of a processor too.","Loan officer","Current Employee","Usa","May 22, 2013","3.0"
"Great Products and Services, Great People","I was fortunate to have been part of the this bank family for 3 years now. Thinking back to when I started, there were so many people who gave their time and energy to help make me the employee I am today. this bank products and services are very client-friendly, with tiered levels of sophistication for your casual bank user or your more in-depth, affluent bank users. My work days for the most part were enjoyable and some of the customers made the day go faster. Management has changed since I first started, but originally, management was awesome! We had a fun-loving group that encouraged through rewarding hard work. I learned the bulk of what I know about banking now to this bank, and I will be forever grateful for the opportunity they afforded me.","Customer Service Manager","Current Employee","Aberdeen, NJ","May 22, 2013","3.0"
" this bank","Working on a fast pace and utilizing three or more tools to assist customers on outbound and inbound calls. Working as a team and individually to improve customer service. ","Bank Default Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 22, 2013","3.0"
"A great Bank to work for ","I have enjoyed working here at this bank its a great Bank to work for. Wish they where in california ","Branch Supervisor","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 22, 2013","4.0"
"great work place","i love this job. this is my first bank job and i absolutley love it. the only reason im looking for another job is because im moving. ","Teller","Current Employee","Frankfort, KY","May 22, 2013","5.0"
"Productive customer service/","As an employee at this bank, several transactions were done through out the day. Great employees and work environments. the Team would constantly cooperate with each other to meet sales goals. The most enjoyable part would be seeing customers with a big smile on their face because the customer service you gave.","Teller","Former Employee","mount prospect illinois","May 21, 2013","5.0"
" this bank In-Store Bank","I worked in this bank's InStore channel for several years. It is a great entry level experience for anyone looking to start a career in banking. The primary role of an In-Store banker is to prospect for clients inside of Giant Supermarkets with the purpose of recommending various products and services including accounts, investments, and credit instruments. There are very aggressive sales goals which can be stressful at times but the company does provide you with tools to get the job done. The position does require you work long non-conventional bank hours as the branches are open 7 day per week 364 days per year. There are strong advancement opportunities for those that excel in their roles. This probably wouldn't be a good fit for anyone looking for a traditional banking position.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Bowie, MD","May 16, 2013","3.0"
"A great enviroment and friendly staff.","I enjoy working for this bank. The staff is friendly as well as our customers. ","Teller","Current Employee","Upper Montclair, NJ","May 15, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work","I handle bankruptcy accts. and deceased accts. It was a great place to work and I learned a lot from co-workers. Management was very helpful. I learned very quick and would have stayed with the company but they merged and moved out of state.","Bankruptcy Specialist","Former Employee","Charlotte, NC","May 15, 2013","5.0"
"Poor Management/Took advantage of employees","I worked at bank N/ this bank for 13 1/2 years. I really enjoyed working there until the end of 2012. The management was very poor and they wrongfully terminated an employee. I lost all respect for the company then. I left the company after several other employees left this bank due to the management at the branch. Before I left I was doing teller work, teller supervisor work, and banker responsiblies. I worked six days a week and hardly got a day off. I would not recommend working with this company. You have to be friends with the manager! If she does not like you she will find a way to get rid of you. No one should be treated that way. I called our customer relations hotline several times and nothing was done ","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ohio","May 14, 2013","3.0"
"Stable company to work for","Stable and established company to work for. Limited room for advancement, no bonuses and very limited employee engagement measures.","Conventional Loan Specialist II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, OH","May 13, 2013","3.0"
"Productive, great place to work with state of the art exercise room ","A typical day at work began at 8:30 to 5:00. Sign on to the computer and type in applications. I learned accuracy while working at this bank. Accuracy is key as your entering pertinent information onto the system. Management was great! Management made you want to work as hard as you could by encouraging you, and driving you to want to become successful. Co-workers were pleasant and easy to get along with. We all worked as a team to get the work completed. The hardest part of the job was staring into the computer all day. The most enjoyable part of the job was having free lunch provided by management and also the excellent benefits that were provided by the company. ","Data Entry Operator","Former Employee","Wilmington, DE","May 11, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work good if you are new to banking.","An equal opportunity employer. Great place to work, good opportunities to grow. ","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Longwood, FL","May 10, 2013","5.0"
"not worth your time","Poor management, poor healthcare (insurance is from Pennsylvania - it works different in state of IL). Blame management for employees resigning there positions. There is no respect to human and employees rights... There is no work and life balance, nobody ask you if you are able to work almost 60 hours per week! Incompetent and selfish teller supervisor. There is so much favoritism with this branch. I do not regret I resigned my position. One of the worst places to work for! ","Teller","Former Employee","Central Branch, Chicago, IL","May 10, 2013","1.0"
"Nice environment with excellent people to work with."," this bank has given me a chance to grow and prove my skills in a 'green environment'. People are very friendly, great company to work for with many great benefits.","Administrative Assistant II in Chicago","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","May 9, 2013","4.0"
"A day in the life of online banking...","My typical day at this bank was talking to and troubleshooting customer problems with using the internet to view their accounts online, paying bills, transferring funds, and other various banking needs. I've learned a great deal about customers and their spending habits. More importantly, I've learned how to help an angry customer to being pleased within minutes. My coworkers were good people and we always had polite small talk to keep things friendly. The hardest part of my job was when I couldn't help with some customers' needs. Sometimes people want things that aren't possible, or don't realize that they are actually in the wrong. But those were the people that were most satisfied when I could help them. I really do like talking to people and helping with daily frustrations and problems. It is an intrinsic motivation that makes me good about myself.","Online Banking Tier II Consultant","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 9, 2013","5.0"
"Great company"," this bank is a great company to work for. I enjoy the day to day operations of working for one of the major North American banks. While I enjoy working for this bank, I would always be open to hearing about other opportunities that would further advance my career and be able to establish myself for years to come.","Officer","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","May 8, 2013","5.0"
"A good place to start","Primarily responsible for serving as a rotating bank manager, including assisting with the general supervision of all employees. Worked in the recruiting and developing of new bank clients. Managed and directed the implementation of all new sales and services of the banks products. Developed financial plans to ensure customer use of the banks products on continual biases. ","Assistant Branch Manager","Former Employee","South Williamsport, PA","May 8, 2013","2.0"
"most employees are freiendly","started with First of America-great bank to work for. merged with bank N-also great bank to work for. Both encouraged career advancement, incentives and company activities outside of the workplace. Merged with this bank resulted in forced retirements, downsizing in all departments and over-all micro management","Treasury Management CSR","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","May 8, 2013","3.0"
"Good work atmosphere, not enough pay for all job requiremens","I work with some of the best coworkers I have ever had, my managers are very supportive as well. The downside is we are under-staffed and the job is too sales oriented.","Teller","Current Employee","Mars, PA","May 8, 2013","3.0"
" this bank bank","Every day I bring new opportunities to use my sales experience, and product and procedural knowledge, as I work to identify the individual financial needs of our customers, and recommend this bank products and services that meet those needs. ","I bring value","Former Employee","Port Orange","May 8, 2013","3.0"
"Leadership was good to work with.","answered phone calls, worked on personal goals and departmental goals, research, paid escrow bills, processed refunds, created weekly status reports. I was the go to person for the escrow department and complied with government regulations.","Mortgage Loss Mitigation Specialist II","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","May 6, 2013","4.0"
"Predominantly sales driven atmosphere.","As a Teller I typically handle customer transactions and recognizing opportunities to grow our relationship with the customer. ","Teller","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","May 5, 2013","5.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great company to work, good benefits, life and work management, great advancement opportunities. ","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Alexandria, VA","May 2, 2013","4.0"
"A fun place to work and seldom frustrating","I loved working at this bank. Coworkers were great and the job itself was enjoyable. However, with the compensating lacking I was forced to find another job.","Customer Service Associate","Former Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","May 2, 2013","4.0"
"Lack of guidance ","A typical day was to ensure all money was counted for and transactions were completed correctly. Management was not present on a day to day basis. Co-workers would help when needed. ","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","May 2, 2013","2.0"
"Productive, organized, challenging , proficient and fun.","To maintain, balance ,coach and give 100% customer service. *How to overcome challenging obstacles on a daily basis. *To have daily meetings on production and goals for the day. *Worked great as a team. *Daily challenging obstacles with employee personal issues. *Feeling proud to work for my company. Servicing the clients. Coaching my team.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","May 1, 2013","5.0"
"Good Place to work","Its a good place to work. I have learned more of a direct marketing approach. The company that prides in the community it serves. Management varies per location. Coworkers are fun and is supportive by a strong team-working atmosphere. Hardest part of the job is reaching a bonus levels that are worth the handwork.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","St. Louis, MO","May 1, 2013","4.0"
"Skilled work environment wit customers and service partners.","High risk environment allows for risk assessment skills and judgment. The ability to accept responsibility and take control of customer issues is important.","Teller Representative","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 30, 2013","4.0"
"Teller",".Great job as long as you're efficient in counting money. It's pretty laid back and you get a lot of interactions with different people. Room for advancement. ","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Massillon, OH","April 29, 2013","3.0"
"Understanding and High Pace Work Environment ","Answer email and phone calls and inquiries. Generate and interpret reports. Management is generally understanding in regards to time off and personal obligations. ","Loan Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 28, 2013","4.0"
"Productive place to work. "," this bank branch in springfield is pretty calm place to work. Working here have increased my knowledge in banking. ","Teller","Current Employee","Springfield, PA","April 27, 2013","4.0"
"Fun expirience ","I had a lot of fun working at the this bank very good company to work for, understanding and good to workers. Good health care.","Teller Associate","Former Employee","Newport, KY","April 26, 2013","5.0"
"productive and fast paced work place","Great experience in the banking industry. I learned how to sell and market banking products while recruiting new households for this bank. My co workers were had a depth of knowledge and were great to work with. The hardest part of the job was to the multitude of tasks that you had to perform in the same day. For example, you would have to do teller for a couple of hours and also you would have to have in depth conversations during platform. The most enjoyable part of the job is that you were actually putting people in better financial positions and granting them economic security.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 26, 2013","5.0"
"Enjoyable Place to work","I have learned the basic functions of the banking industry. Had the chance to work on my management skills.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","April 25, 2013","5.0"
"Review","It is a great place to work. We all get along and view each other as family. They are very big on work and life balance. Very involved in the community such as school bank programs for k-5.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, NC","April 24, 2013","4.0"
"No work/life balance","If you are looking to be micromanaged, this is the place. Long hours, management doesn't care about employees. Managers can be very ignorant and self center, no coaching or support.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","IL","April 24, 2013","1.0"
"Repeat","No repeat of what you have done also they try to laid you off to get others to pay them less.","Head Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","bloomfield, nj","April 24, 2013","2.0"
"easy to work for. great work/life balance","call center environment. worked at home. answered 100+ call per day addressing customers banking issues and questions.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","April 24, 2013","4.0"
"Unorganized but great management.","The policies and procedures can change from day-to-day. The management helps out a lot when it is needed.","Single Point of Contact II","Current Employee","Miamisburg, Oh","April 24, 2013","2.0"
"Stable place to work","A typical day consisted of taking customer service and loan calls. I learned a lot about the banking process. the management was fantastic they were very team oriented. The co-workers were very helpful as a new employee. The hardest part was learning all the information. The most enjoyable part of the job was the team atmosphere.","Sales Representative","Former Employee","Franklin, PA","April 23, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and a great work place!","Great place to work at! Co workers are excellent and work is extremely easy, Work as a teller is pretty much like retail. You have to get referrals in order to keep your job. Easy way to make money and fits really well with your resume if you want to work or move up in any other bank.","Teller","Current Employee","Rockaway, NJ","April 22, 2013","5.0"
"Great co-workers, people always pleasant","Go to work at 3:00 pm, until all checks were completed. Encoded and proofed all checks done for that day. The most enjoyable part was getting to see how many checks you could do in an hour. The hardest part was working until all checks were done, no matter how long it took.","Proof Operator","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 22, 2013","3.0"
"Great place to learn and grow professionally.","During a typical day at work I would be opening Trust Accounts, IMA's and IRA's for high net worth individuals and entities. I use my knowledge of policy and procedures to get the accounts open according to standards set by the law and the company.I've learned much during my time with this bank, including; how to be a problem solver, manage others, time management, and a wealth of other professional skills that would make me an asset to any team.My co-workers are my team members, and I have always been very willing to be of help to them when they need, and they have done the same for me. A team that works together creates the best client experience.Nothing is too hard on the job, and a challenge is always welcomed.The most enjoyable part of my work, is knowing that I will always get out of it what I put in.","AST Specialist","Current Employee","Baltimore, MD","April 22, 2013","4.0"
"dead end job","drive you to suicidelearned that if you kiss your bosses behind and rat out your fellow coworkers, you will get a $5/hour increase in pay!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia","April 21, 2013","1.0"
" this bank","I cant say enough good about this company! Great place to work, with wonderful employees!","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 18, 2013","5.0"
"Productive","A typicall day at work is open the bank, make sure i prepare myself and my co wokers for th day. Before we open i always have a quick start which i talk about bank products and how we can make more sales. After we open i provide all the customers with professional and high energy service. I smile all day, I greet every customer that walks in the bank. I handle the vault and i deal wit customer complaints. I always make sure i provide the highest customer service skills that i possibly can and i make sure the customer leaves happy. I learned that providing good service is important. Staying focus and presenting yourself as a professional. I am an outgoing person i love talking to people and remembering faces. I am a team player. I believe that woring as a team makes the company stronger and a better enviornmnet to work in. Everyday i deal with things that i consider being hard. But i try my best to make it my best and make sure that i learn everyday from my mistakes. I enjoy working hard and i enjoy learning.","Teller - Branch Retail Banking","Current Employee","Chicago, IL","April 18, 2013","5.0"
"excellent","excellent jobAssisting customers with opening new accounts.Ø Accept loan payments.Ø Deposit or cash checks for customers.Ø Make withdrawls for customers.Ø Update information to the customers on new banking products.Ø Answer any questions for the customer or refer them to someone who can help answer phonesØ Balance cash drawersØ Process night deposits or mail deposits","Teller","Current Employee","West Palm Beach, FL","April 18, 2013","5.0"
"Not worth the headache","Management is horrible. Monkeys would do a better job. Employees are not cared about and advancement is nearly impossible. They would rather hire outsiders before advancing hard working employees. Company is more worried about sales than customers.","Teller","Former Employee","Spanish Fort","April 17, 2013","1.0"
"under-staffed, low pay/ resources available to help employees","Tellers make very little money, you have to work weekends, no exceptions, they do not rotate shift for part-time tellers. under-staffing at branches frequently lead to stress factors for employees and dissatisfaction in customer service. Banking is clean enviroment, but pressure is always there for sales. No job security.","teller","Former Employee","New jersey","April 14, 2013","2.0"
"Productive work place. Very high volume of customers that we took care of daily.","Very productive work place that finished each month as one of the top branches in Louisville. Very high volume of customers that we took care of each day and majority of those customers always came back with a smile. I learned a lot about handling large amounts of money and working with older woman with a common goal of being the best bank representatives we could be. I also learned how to increase my abilities as a leader, because many things that needed to be done I would just take care of them myself or contact my manager for help if needed. I loved my co workers! I love working as a team. The hardest part about my job was balancing even at the end of the day, because one small error could throw all the numbers off. And, I most enjoyed coming to work each day, seeing the smiling faces and taking care of the communities banking needs.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Louisville, KY","April 13, 2013","4.0"
" this bank truly cares about there customers","Best managers I ever worked for. This particular location was a slow location.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Orlando, FL","April 12, 2013","5.0"
"Good for entry level candidates, but not long term","The environment was beautiful because it was brand new when I worked there, however, the management was not very friendly to their staff. They overworked many of us. The trainer was very condescending if you did not catch on to what she was saying the very first time. It was so embarrassing to see her and the management belittle other employees in front of guests and clients while they were in the branch.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Oakmont, PA","April 9, 2013","2.0"
"Very good company to work for.","I had went into work my usual shift, expected a normal day. When I arrive to work we are short staff due to a teller calling out sick. My supervisor had report's to get done, there was several other task to complete. I worked the teller line alone as well as prepared all coin orders, process two ATM machines that day. That was a very busy day for me, I felt like I worked alone the whole day.When I arrive to work the next day my manager had called me into her office to personal thank me for the wonderful job I've done. I learned that sometimes stuff happens, the only way to get through it is stay come and do your best. The hardest part was completing my many task while wait on customers, I didn't like for the customers to wait.","Teller","Former Employee","Newark, DE","April 9, 2013","5.0"
"Competition based environment","You will learn great sales techniques and how to address yourself professionally over the phone. A very tedious job with constant changing variables from customer to customer. You will enjoy helping others get through financial troubles and help them get their financial back on track. Co-workers are great, but management loves to micro-manage.","Default Specialist II","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","April 9, 2013","4.0"
"good company with great benefits","decent company with room for advancement, although there is frequent turnover on the retail side.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","Washington, DC","April 8, 2013","3.0"
"Great Place to Work"," this bank focuses a lot on both customer and employee engagement.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","East Lansing, MI","April 8, 2013","5.0"
"Productive workplace","I feel that I had a very supportive manager who was concerned with my success. She was also very understanding and offered a lot of her assistance.","Data Entry Clerk","Team Leader","Moorestown, NJ","April 8, 2013","5.0"
"I like helping people.","Helping people with their banking needs and to see if there is anything else or products that they would be interested in.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Hopwood, PA","April 7, 2013","5.0"
"It was a good place to work for me because of it's close proxymity to my residence","I loved it there. It's a great place to workI whent in every morning and go straight to workprocessing checks by way of making decisions and watching out for possible fraud checksManagement team very polite and co-workers were very helpfulEmployee appreciation week was always very enjoyable","Team Leader II","Former Employee","Philadelphia","April 4, 2013","4.0"
"Productive and friendly workplace","coworkers were very nice and so were the managers. the employees were very knowledgeable and willing to help with difficult situations.","Customer Service Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","April 3, 2013","4.0"
"Much opportunity for advancement.","Growth of the company offers greater opportunity. The financial institution offers much in the way of financial diversity.","Government Banking","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","April 3, 2013","3.0"
" this bank = Easy, Confidence and Achievement."," this bank is a great company to work for; the benefits are good, they offer 401(k) match, living well programs, and more. this bank is very client focused and the organization's ideals are great overall. I love that this bank is very involved in the community and that they have 'green' ideals. If you are great with people and are driven to help people but at the same time are sales driven, you'll love working at this bank.","Financial Sales Consultant III","Current Employee","FL","April 2, 2013","4.0"
"Good company","Overall I have had a great experience with this bank with some minor problems throughout.","Operations Analyst I","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 2, 2013","4.0"
"Very Busy and constantly learning new information","The typical day at this bank, was very family oriented. Constantly being informed about the changes that were occurring in the financial world and constantly in class to better you in your job. OUstanding management team that cares about your well-being and making sure that you balance work and home. The best part of the job was being able to discuss your work with other employees to get there perspective of what they would do differently.","Underwriter","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2013","4.0"
"good coworkers","good coworkers to work with in a team environment.Long hours of work day","Coordinator","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","April 1, 2013","3.0"
"None","This was a difficult company to navigate. Not very employee friendly.","FINACIAL SALES CONSULTANT","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","April 1, 2013","3.0"
"Productive workflow, all about productivity","Typical day would usually be between 8-10hrs of work. I worked with amazing, down to earth co-workers who were easy to talk to and work with. The hardest part of the job was working with our system because they were so out-dated. The most enjoyable part of the job was receiving the pay check.","Underwriting Analyst","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","April 1, 2013","4.0"
"Oracle Developer","• Developing control files, SQL *Loader scripts, Oracle import and export scripts for data loading, migration and backup of Oracle data• Responsible for developing PL/SQL Functions, Procedures, Packages, Cursors and Triggers• Worked on tickets to fix the issues reported by the end users• Optimized the performance using PL/SQL table types and record types• Involved in designing the data model (logical / physical) by creating new objects and by using existing objects of the data mart as per the business requirements• Developed SQL scripts for Extraction, transformation and Loading of Data and designed source Entities for Oracle• Generating software upgrade scripts for cross functional teams• Heavily involved in writing Test Cases and Unit Analysis and Testing (UAT) to test each and every logical branch of the stored Procedure.• Wrote SQL queries to developed test data for use during test execution• Worked on complete SDLC(Software Development Life Cycle) including system analysis, high level design, detailed design, coding and testing• Participated in meetings to gather functional and non-functional requirements with experts and end-users","Oracle Developer","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 28, 2013","4.0"
"Knowledgeable and fun work place.","* Busy environment* Learn about different products the Bank provides* Work well with management and coworkers* The hardest part on the job is when I have to inform a customerthe account balance is negative.* The most enjoyable part of the job is when the customer leavehappy and satisfy with the service I provide.","Teller Representative II","Current Employee","Blakeslee, PA","March 27, 2013","5.0"
"The Bank really groomed me for the corporate world!","Had a great opportunity to perform daily settlement between this bank and eight other participating Banks.","Pocono Northeast Clearinghouse Manager","Former Employee","Scranton, PA","March 27, 2013","4.0"
"Fun workplace and easy to learn and advance","Great friendly work environment, easy to advance and the accessibility of learning materials.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Ludington, MI","March 26, 2013","4.0"
" this bank","Decent company, but lacks talent at all levels. Also, the culture is driven by fear. The company lacks innovation and makes it hard to modernize the business lines. Hopefully, they will get bought out to save them from themselves because the new world of banking and investments will require more up to date solutions for clients.","AVP Sales Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 25, 2013","2.0"
"Fast paced and constantly evolving","Handling large amount of cash on a day to day basis.The importance of personal financial responsibility.","Teller","Current Employee","Cincinnati, OH","March 24, 2013","4.0"
"Worst company ever","Company is selfish, doesn't care about there employees. They have lots of harrasment going around that they keep under the radar and try to keep there employees quite. Pay is horrible. They treat you like a slave. My advice, be unemployed before you work here ever.","Customer Service","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 20, 2013","1.0"
"I despise this company and everything they stand for.","I go to work every day, working accounts that are delinquent. It's the same boring job, over and over again. This job was decent when I was working on my MBA but now that I've graduated, I dread coming to work every day.I learned that Corporate America is all about who you know. You have to be best friends with the management in order to succeed and advance in the company. I refuse to lose myself and my integrity trying to get ahead. My qualifications and work ethic speaks for itself and I shouldn't have to bring lunch to the managers everyday or get involved in their personal lives. Business and business and that's how I like to keep it at this company. I never had any issues with my direct supervisors or managers but I'm very observant and I'm smart enough to know what it takes to get ahead and I refuse to be a part of that.The co-workers are great! Never had any issues or problems.Nothing is hard about my job. It's very easy, just BORING!The most enjoyable part of my job is making incentive. Although my base salary is low, the incentive every month makes up for it but honestly, it's not that great but it helps.","Default Specialist II - Consumer Lending","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 20, 2013","2.0"
"Good company but pay rate is low","Some customers are friendly and transactions are easy.Sometimes a lot of emphasis is put on the sales.","Part Time Teller","Current Employee","Troy, MI","March 18, 2013","3.0"
"A very demanding atmoshphere in the banking business","A typical day consists of constant face to face interaction with clients. There is never a dull moment. Because of high volume traffic, this gives me the opportunity to uncover many referral opportunities within the client base, which is also part of the job. The hardest part is meeting your goals and having to balance many aspects at once, however I work best under pressure.","Banking Representative","Current Employee","Haddonfield, NJ","March 18, 2013","3.0"
"A good start but limited"," this bank has been very good to me. I started fresh out of college and I have learned a lot. Unfortunately, there are not a lot chances for advancement in my Line of Business.","Project Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","March 18, 2013","4.0"
"Customer Service Oriented","I typically come in after the branch has opened, and work til closing time. I run a cash drawer daily, and provide customer service. The most frustrating part of the job is that I am only part time, and there is no full time position available. I love the people I work with.","Teller","Current Employee","Frankfort, ky","March 16, 2013","3.0"
"A great company with advancement opportunities and great people.","Company was fantastic. They have excellent people throughout the organization that would like to help you succeed and advance. Typical day included customer service, looking to uncover needs, selling loans and investments and making phone calls. My co-workers were great and very easy to work with. Far and away the most enjoyable part of the job was being able to put customers in a better place financially.","Licensed Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Canfield, OH","March 15, 2013","5.0"
"Productive and fun workplace with staff.","Good learning environment.learned about the values and respect of others.management was excellent.Co-workers were always a good team player.making sure the high dollars signature was verified properly.completing my work on time.","General Bank Clerk","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","March 15, 2013","5.0"
"Good working atmosphere, some growth potential, fair morale","Opportunities to try something new. Encouraged to shift your focus every year or so. Teams worked closely with each other. Individuals stepped up to take on task areas. 'I'll take that' was often heard in cross-team meetings. Benefits were very good as well.","Foreclosure Specialist II","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","March 14, 2013","3.0"
"Games played","Strictly collections of charged off checking accounts. Changing of rules for the use of the cell phone #'s to be called. New compliance of law for contacts availability.Games and skits played out, breakfasts, donuts and ice cream on days to reduce stress towards month end.The most enjoyable was hitting above my goal was very rewarding, bonus.","Default Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh","March 13, 2013","3.0"
"Comfortable Work Setting w/Professional Team Members","Change Management PM assignment was an interesting project assignment that increased my collaboration skills with other PMs, Developers, BA's/QA/Production Team to easily move changes for a large project through the system.Worked with team members who were willing to answer questions and provide insight into how and what procedures and applications were used easily ramped up my productivity.Management was open and willing to provide feedback to enhance knowledge and productivity.Having the ability to work on my own but also get assistance when questions arose to move a project forward.","IT PM - Contractor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 13, 2013","4.0"
"Productive, detail oriented","This is a place were you can learn a lot about the ins and outs of financial planning","Collection Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 13, 2013","5.0"
"Fun working environment","Sold bank productsAssisted clientsLearned about loansLong work hours","Financial Consultant II","Former Employee","Washington DC","March 13, 2013","3.0"
"Good company, however, technology is behind the times.","Overall, I enjoyed my time with the company, however, the technology was lacking.","Financial Specialist","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","March 12, 2013","4.0"
"rewarding role","Worked on residential mortgage applications, PHFA FHA and VA loans. Two step construction loan applications. Draw and end loan conversions.","Lead Loan Processor","Former Employee","Bethel Park, PA","March 12, 2013","4.0"
"no ping pong tables and no fun","I did scanning and scanned over 1000 invoice and then when I was done scanning I did accounts payable on the computer. I learned View Star. Management was the best and I enjoyed working for this bank. M Co workers were very helpful and nice. the hardest part of my job was not hard at all. I really enjoyed working at this bank Beause it was very comfortable. I went from a temp to a full time person that was the best thing that happened to me. Overall Rating I really miss working for this bank. The overall rating was excellent","Accounts Payable Clerk","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 11, 2013","5.0"
"Good company","Good company to work for however ready for new challenges. The people in the two offices I have been in are so friendly and helpful. Typical day includes coaching employees and reviewing metrics to help better our performance on a day to day basis.","Mortgage Short Sales - Officer/Operations Manager","Current Employee","Brecksville, OH","March 10, 2013","4.0"
"n/a"," this bank is a great place to work and there is a lot of opportunity.","Retail Banking ACCEL Associate","Current Employee","Toledo, OH","March 10, 2013","4.0"
"I enjoy working with my team","I am a part of the management and I manage six employees. I manage my team by the process of scheduling,Coaching ,Observations, hiring .I enjoy working with my team .I am a multi tasker and able to accomplish my goals.","Teller Banking Supervisor","Current Employee","Schaumburg, IL","March 9, 2013","4.0"
"Fun Workplace","The best part of the job was my Team Lead she was amazing. The employees were decent. I learned basic banking skills such as helping customers with their banking needs and wants helping them with re-ordering a debt card or a stolen card, making sure when they went on vacation they would have a note in the account letting the next person that worked on that account if any fraudulent activity happened they would know if or not the customer was out of the country or not. Loans, interest rates etc. The experience with this bank wasn't as i was hoping but it has made me understand banking a lot more than i did before i worked there.","Outbound Sales Representative","Former Employee","Oshtemo, MI","March 6, 2013","3.0"
"n/a","Good company to work for. Little career growth opportunities and the pay is not very competitive","RELATIONSHIP MANAGER","Current Employee","Woodland Park, NJ","March 6, 2013","4.0"
"Low pay","The bank is very stable to work for but they pay very very little compared to other banks in my area. Benefits are a joke but 401k is pretty good. Everything really depends on the team you work with, there are some very good teams in this bank and they do very well sales wise. Managers tend to micro manage or not care about their branches at all, the ones I have worked with have all been not very knowledgable about the banks products and just running the bank in general, but they are all sales sharks. Overall its a nice company to start your career with but in a year or 2 you will want to earn more money for the amount of work you end up doing.","universal banker","Current Employee","n/a","March 6, 2013","3.0"
"An interesting place to work.","A great team player environment. Overall experience is good , a typical day at work is busy and many meetings to attend.","Product Development Manager","Current Employee","Downers Grove, IL","March 5, 2013","3.0"
"Nice place to work","Working in credit card services was a somewhat fast paced job that required multitasking and the ability to think on your feet. If you did not know the answer to a customers question you needed to know exactly where to get it and be able to get it quickly, while they were on the phone. Co-workers were generally helpful and management listened to calls and provided regular feedback.","Credit Card Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","March 4, 2013","4.0"
"A Nice place to work with great benefits","Building & growning. Lots of coaching & customer service. Training about all new products. Hours are pretty good, vacation.","Workplace Specialist","Current Employee","Scotch Plains, NJ","March 3, 2013","3.0"
"I Hate It!!!","Worse management ever from the regional to the branch management. HORRIBLE!!!","Customer Service","Former Employee","40th street branch","March 2, 2013","1.0"
"Great place to work with a conservative culture","Great place to work with normal working hours. Pittsburgh is a great city to work in and is improving its food options downtown.","Analyst","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","March 1, 2013","4.0"
"A company where you can learn and grow.","A typical day at work includes coaching and development. Handle routine financial transactions (deposits, withdrawals, advances, loan payments, merchant transactions etc.), and balances these transactions daily while ensuring a positive interaction with customers and non-customers","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","March 1, 2013","4.0"
"Very busy but I enjoy a fast pace","I work at a very busy branch and we service a large number of customers on a daily basis. All of my co-workers are great and enjoy working with them. We are like a family. I love to make sure the customers needs are met and they know they are very valuable to me and the company.","Teller","Current Employee","Lexington, KY","February 28, 2013","4.0"
"Great Start to a Career in the Financial World."," this bank was a great decision I made to begin my career in a financial institution. The management is wonderful and helpful in helping learn and perfect all aspects of the daily teller duties. The hardest part of the job is dealing with irate customers. However the training and guidance I have received has allowed me to be able to diffuse any situation I have control over, or if I do not have the ability to solve the problem myself, I know the right procedures to get the customer to the individual who would be able to help them in the most efficient way.","Teller","Current Employee","Towson, MD","February 28, 2013","4.0"
"A good work environment that experienced a lot of changes through multiple integrations.","The values of the company are strong and there is a desire to meet customer's needs and exceed expectations.","Group Leader","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 28, 2013","4.0"
"Great college job"," this bank was a great place to work. I really developed my customer service skills and became more confident during my time working there. I worked at this bank for all of college and really felt that the management was flexible with my school schedule.","Peak Time Teller","Former Employee","Warrenton, VA","February 27, 2013","5.0"
"Roll up your sleeves and work","I run the day to day production in all facets in the Hudson Valley. Teaching, training and recruiting are an everyday must. I built the operation from its inception, hired staff and drove production into profitability inside of 8 months. I spend half of the day on the phone with operations and the other half in the field with my officers assisting in any capacity.","Market Manager","Former Employee","NY","February 27, 2013","2.0"
"ON A SCALE FROM 1 to 10 they would receive a 3","NOT PLEASANT WORK ENVIRONMENT I didn't care for their management team i didn't trust them very petty,sneaky and underhanded.Future management training should be required for managers just don't give someone a job to fill a vacany.","Customer Service Representative","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","February 26, 2013","1.0"
"Good company","People oriented.They really care for employees.Staffing issues are there all the time.","Workplace Champion","Current Employee","St. Louis, MO","February 25, 2013","5.0"
"Good company to work for","Good company not the greatest compensation for the work you have to do","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","February 25, 2013","3.0"
"Good Company","Great culture and opportunity for Advancement within. Company values are consistent throughout.","Assistant Vice President - Branch Manager","Current Employee","Kewaskum, WI","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"Professional work environment","overall was a friendly, efficient, professional place to work","Outbound Loss Mitigation Specialist","Former Employee","Miamisburg, OH","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"A nice company for a recent college grad.","Cold callingInternal marketingYoung leadershipSeasonedCollaboration between branches and leadershipThe customer interaction","Workplace Banking Business Development Officer","Former Employee","Ann Arbor, MI","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"Productive but under paid"," this bank is a great place to work with a lot of great people, however the pay is far from impressive.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 25, 2013","4.0"
"I answered people's questions regarding their credit card bills.","I handled elevated calls from people when they were upset and asking for a supervisor.","Customer Service Specialist III","Former Employee","Lafayette, IN","February 24, 2013","4.0"
"Great place to work","This is an amazing company to work for. The training, engagement, and production expectation level is stellar. As the financial industry suffers, micromanagement can get stressful at times.","Financial Consultant","Current Employee","Gainesville, FL","February 22, 2013","4.0"
"Good Heart, Bad Management","Is a company with it's heart in the right place. Management is lacking. Technology is far behind. The company seems to be falling backward instead of moving forward.It is a shame.Typical day is spent making calls to try to get business in the door. The teller line was always solid and friendly. The sales partners also were always there to assist.Unfortunatly Management beleived that their goal and ego comes before the good of the branch.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wauconda, IL","February 21, 2013","3.0"
" this bank"," this bank Is a good company to work for. I've worked there for a year and a half now and its a pretty laid back company.","Personal Banker","Current Employee","Antioch IL","February 21, 2013","5.0"
"didn't enjoy working here","Unprofessional management and work environment. Worked in call center.","Default","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 20, 2013","2.0"
"Good company but stressful requirements"," this bank is a great company. Benefits are great as well as work/life balance. The only thing that was overwhelming is the sales. Requirements for investments and meeting the goals for the individual is stressful. You have the thought of possibly losing your job or not getting incentive pay. Banks don't pay you much. There is no trying just doing. If you can meet your goals and have the good ability to sell products and services any position at this bank is for you. Banks are becoming more know for sales and more goal oriented.","Customer Service Representative","Current Employee","NJ","February 19, 2013","4.0"
"Productive","I really liked this job because I was doing paper work all day and I always wanted a job where I can sit down and do something to occupy my time. I learned how to work with others and how to sort papers and put them into the volts. I enjoyed my co-workers. They were friendly and easy to get along with even though they weren't trustworthy either. There really was no hard part about this job. I hate it ended so soon. I really enjoyed being in the office. The people there were really nice and easy-going.","Sorter","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 18, 2013","5.0"
"Good money, bad management","Company is a decent company with pretty good products. Base pay is $12/hr with a 10% shift diff if you work after 11am. Management has a high turn over rate because the job is so boring and stressful. Take customer call after call, always busy, and there's never any supervisors around to assist with the crazy customers. Not a horrible entry level job but you will burn out within 6 months. i don't know how I did 2 years :-/","Online Banking Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Whitehall, OH","February 17, 2013","3.0"
"Great place for a part-time","A typical day at this bank consist of helping and serving customers with everyday banking needs.I learned a lot about simple banking and learned how ot handle large sums of money.My management was very driven, however sometimes that drive turned out to be impersonable and unapproachable.My co-workers were great and very hard working. We really worked as team especially when we had the pccasional difficult customers. We always appraoched the situation in the best way possible to please the customer.","Teller","Former Employee","Falls Church, VA","February 17, 2013","2.0"
"Bad management, no morale"," this bank has the market cornered on customer service. However, the same cannot be said for the way employees are treated. I have never come across a company where management was such a universally miserable lot of individuals, who in turn passed that misery on to their teams. It was made painfully obvious on a daily basis your individual needs were of no importance to anyone but you and if this was unacceptable to you, you were certainly replaceable. Every day was just the longest day of your life.","Teller","Former Employee","DE","February 17, 2013","2.0"
"productive and teamwork advance place","An 8hours typical day at work. I've learned to processed, received, various checks using a database entry level, Good Management overall and my co-workers are pleasant as well. The hardest part of the job was on the editing side and the most enjoyable part of the job was the hourly rate was good, sufficient enough to get an excellent group insurance.","Receivable Check Processor 1","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 16, 2013","5.0"
"Sales Driven Success","Lots of room for growth, great incentive plan! I love working with my team, and watching them grow and become even more successful.","Branch Manager","Current Employee","Falls Church, VA","February 14, 2013","4.0"
"Great Team, Exec Leadership :-/","Would return... maybe. The team environment is second to none. The benefits are O.K., but expensive. The training is good but the internal computer software is lacking if you are coming in from one of the larger banks.","Bank Officer","Former Employee","MI","February 14, 2013","4.0"
"Very poor Wealth Management offering"," this bank Wealth Management is by far, the must unhealthy and unprofessional work environment I have been involved in during my 10+ year career. The environment is not only chaotic and driven by drama but it is all filled with gossip obsessed, immature individuals who operate with what they believe is a 'cut-throat' mentality but in actuality it is childlike behavior that leads to poor results, lack of production and failed business plans. There is no sense of direction given from upper management which leads to a free for all and a scramble for answers any time an issue arises. The only way to get ahead is to 'yes' the under qualified senior management to death. There is a lack of quality employees and work produced which is evident by the fact that clients pull their money out of the bank quite frequently. Management hires with an outsourcing-type mentality- they only hire cheap labor, with a lack of ability in order to give the appearance that the job is getting done. Once the employees catch on to this cyclical pattern they move on or are replaced immediately. There is no room to develop your skills, perfect your art and truly produce quality work because at this bank Wealth Management, they are only concerned with 'putting a bandage over the wound' rather than actually healing it. Appearing to produce results is far more important than actually producing results. I would not recommend working here to anyone with an interest in longevity or the ambition to succeed in the Wealth Management business.","Wealth Management Advisor","Current Employee","New Jersey","February 14, 2013","1.0"
"Good place to work in Pittsburgh","However, hard to advance or move around internally. I've met several good friends and mentors while working here.","Project Administrator","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 12, 2013","3.0"
"Great and Layed back enciorment","nice envoirmentI learned how to be patient with people and how to pay attention to detailgoodCo Workers are the bestThe hardest part of the job will be leaving itthe enviorment is the best","Fulltime Bank Teller","Current Employee","indianapolis","February 12, 2013","5.0"
"Great work environment","I represent 4 Regional Managers and their client portfolios. Three of the Managers are based in Southern New Jersey and PA. I am responsible to ensure that all their loan transactions are conducted in a timely manner.The most interesting part of my job is that it is multifaceted -as I deal with monetary transactions, loan extensions, new loans, letters of credit and research. Multi tasking and fast paced -as some of the transactions need immediate response ( e.g.wiring funds).Training consistantly to help us function better at jobs- which is very helpful and there are a lot of resources available. The best part of work is that we have a great team and management to work with.The hardest part is that we have learned that the job we love will no longer be available as we will be laid off in the near future and all our jobs will be moved to another state.","Loan Support Analyst - Commercial Lending","Current Employee","Gaithersburg, MD","February 12, 2013","3.0"
"Good values and upper management","Although I really like this bank and it's values, I felt there was a lack of communication and understanding within our specific branch which in return may have caused a lack of a team oriented workplace at times.Picked up many skills and learned a lot about the banking industry and was able to offer my skills and knowledge from my experiences.The work days felt long at times but usually went by quickly if kept busy and searching fro ways to imrpove the company/branch and yourself.I really enjoyed the ability to perform at a professional level through my experiences and what i have learned through my experiences. I was happy to share these experiences with my peers and superiors and help everyone around me become better; at the same time, learning from others the same way.Didn't like the employee advancement opportunities and the fact that employees came and went very quickly (usually at the employee's decision)","Financial Consultant","Former Employee","Clifton, NJ","February 11, 2013","3.0"
"Great place to work"," this bank is a great place to work at. I have learned a lot since i have been here and i am learning something new everyday. I appreciate everything this bank has offered me.","Teller","Current Employee","Sterling, VA, US","February 11, 2013","5.0"
"Great team feel","Great work / life balance. Great training. Great team environment.","Teller","Current Employee","Charlotte, MI","February 9, 2013","4.0"
"Great group of people to work with.","The job is hard and can be tiresome. What makes up for that is we have a great team to work with.Sell and upsale company productsAssist customers with financial issuesMaintain e-mail correspondence with customersAssist customers with wire transferHelp maintain trust accountsMaintain knowledge of current company productsProblem solve bill pay issuesAssist wealth management clients with their business accountsMaintain consistent contact with other departments to resolve customer issuesReview customer accounts for fraudulent activities and assist in avoiding fraud","Finacial Specialist","Current Employee","pittsburgh pa","February 9, 2013","4.0"
"Banking in this economy","Banking is a tough industry with the low interest rate environment. The people at this bank are great. The most enjoyable part of the job is helping clients discover needs and fulfilling them. The downside is that management is under intense pressure to keep cost down while the worker is under that same pressure to ensure customer quality interactions. Cutting cost usually means limiting worker client interactions, which is counter to what clients want. As workers we are stuck in the middle.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Devon, PA","February 8, 2013","3.0"
"Great Company","Great Company to work for.I enjoyed everything I did while working for this bank. I was a Teller Mananger and i enjoyed my job.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","February 8, 2013","5.0"
"Fun, exciting envrionment","I arrive at work at 8 am, i procceed with my dail requirements of depositing currency and withdrawing it as well. My co-workers and I work together to accomplish more together. It is a fun ,enjoyable environment where the only part that is difficult is not being able to service all the customers needs","Teller","Current Employee","Belle Vernon, PA","February 7, 2013","4.0"
"This was a fun place to work, management always encourgaged employees to further education","typical day = making sure all documentation were received from the clients and reviewed to send onto underwriting. Follow up with Sales reps to advise them of status on their closings daily.What I learned - We had several training classes when employed for a short time Learned processing, some underwriting.Co workers - the team I was assigned to all the co workers were so helpful and willing to teach everyone got along with everyone.Hardest part = I can't say there was a hard part of this job It was a great learning experience. I guess if have to answer this question the hardest part was dealing with sales reps sometimes to try to explain to them what was needed or not provided for a closing.Enjoyable part of the job, was a great team and actually looked forward to going to work every day.","Mortgage Processor","Former Employee","Piscataway NJ","February 7, 2013","5.0"
"Productive work environment but micro managing is over the top","• Maintain and improve customer relations• Provide quality customer service while managing customer complaints• Analyze, interpret and communicate detailed information/detail oriented• Meet monthly/quarterly individual sales goals• Communicate benefits of all consumer products and services• Conform with all quality assurance regulations• Strong phone communication skills","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","February 6, 2013","3.0"
"Employed for very short period of time","I became a this bank employee through the acquisition of RBC Bank and was displaced after 2 weeks with the company due to position elimination.","Personal Banker","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","February 6, 2013","4.0"
"Fun workplace, but upper management is harsh","I loved working here with my current manager, but due to upper management being so stuck on customer service and numbers; the branch I worked for is always under the radar.They make your every day job hard because they do not give you time to work on what needs to be done.","Financial Service Consultant","Current Employee","Flourtown, PA","February 5, 2013","4.0"
"Good Place to work","Good people to work with, make you feel a part of the team immediately. Work/Life Flexibility is great, managers willing to work with you when situations arise. Appreciate that promoting within is a huge priority.","HR","Current Employee","Raleigh, NC","February 5, 2013","3.0"
"great working enviroment","it is a great place to work with cool and awesome people. it was a great learning experience","Business Analyst","Current Employee","Norristown, PA","February 3, 2013","4.0"
"A great place to develop business relationships.","I was responsible for managing, training, directing, and coordinating activities for a 7000 call per month call center in the Operations department, My position required heavy interaction with all departments of the bank not only in operations, but with the corporate banking department as well. I was also responsible for maintaining a budget, and meeting the financial plan for the department. I worked heavily with the marketing department to assist in sales and to maintain current client relationships. I loved this job because it allowed me to work with so many different departments of the bank and with so many people with diverse backgrounds and skill sets within their job function. I was required to put in long hours, and did take work home. I enjoyed managing people, I liked getting to know them and assigning projects that matched their skills sets, that kept morale high and let them feel a part of what the unit represented. The pros were much more than the cons with this job.","Assistant Vice President - Client Services Manager","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","February 3, 2013","4.0"
"Summary","This is a fantastic organization and I cannot say enough about my current management team.Unfortunately, the opportunity for personal growth and promotion is not available to me at this time and I am ready to move forward.","VP Wealth Management - Assoc. Relationship Manager","Current Employee","Cincinnati, Ohio","February 2, 2013","5.0"
"Paid the Bills","I learned everything about banking products and services. The hardest part of the job was that managers were always breathing down your throat for customer service even when you are in a sales role.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Cleveland, OH","February 1, 2013","4.0"
"Great company with great benefits....","I started with the company already with 14 years of lockbox experience. I learned quite a lot from all my management team.. i had several managers durint my years there and they all encouraged me to follow my dreams. The hardest part of my job was the shift changes. I started out on weekends and then went to day shift and finally ended on night shift.. The night shift was the hardest.. I enjoyed the fairness and recognition all employees are given and the rewards also. Overall this bank is a great company..","Senior Operations Specialist","Former Employee","College Park, GA","February 1, 2013","5.0"
" this bank was an amazing job! I loved my co-workers and everyone who knew me thought I was a team player. this bank let me grow with-in the company.","My job was mostly Data entry. I would start my morning off by running reports and also doing the swift reconciliation from other countries. I would look over imports and exports and make sure our customers had the correcxt legal documentation to proceed with their transactions. Management was great! They helped you in any way they could, and they made the work day easier. My co-workers were well-rounded team players. They never hesitated to help when I needed it. The hardest part about my job was making sure I didn't make any mistakes. If I did, a customers transaction might not go through for the day, and that wouldn't look good for my company. The most enjoyable part of my day was being with my co-workers and learning from them.","Trade Service Analyst","Former Employee","East Brunswick, NJ","January 31, 2013","4.0"
"You work for your customers","Very stressful job. Enjoyed working with the public. Learned a lot of skills working there for fourteen years.","Teller","Former Employee","Sharpsville, PA","January 31, 2013","4.0"
"Love it","I love this bank great place to work. I just need a new position being that i am leaving the dayton area.","Collector II","Current Employee","miamisburg, ohio","January 31, 2013","5.0"
"Good for experience and a definite character-building job","Very systematic, strict day to day routine. Opening, during and closing procedures are expected to be followed through perfectly at the discretion of every supervisor, assistant manager and manager. Tellers expected to perform client transactions at the very minimum, with required pushing of sales, (must open a certain amount of accounts per month), as well as take on a major role within the company to prove worthiness of advancement, on top of all other responsibilities assigned by all superiors. Hardest part of the job is meeting monthly sales requirements. Most enjoyable part is the client relationship building and ease of computerized transactions.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Sterling, VA","January 31, 2013","4.0"
"Fast paced workplace","A typical day at work entails non-stop phone calls from borrowers, I've learned about the mortgage industry through customer service because all calls are generated through customer service. Management is present but not very connected to actually working on the phone. My co-workers are great from what I can recall because we have very little time to interact with one another. The hardest part of this job is not being able to have a full lunch hour. The most enjoyable part of the job is some of the people you meet on the phone. Some times you encounter nice people that your really make your day.","Customer Service Representative IV","Current Employee","Jacksonville,FL","January 30, 2013","4.0"
"Stressful Work Place with Life and Work Balance except for manager","The hardest part of the join is the keep balanced the fine line between banking requirements and investment expectation. Managers do not contribution to branch goals and are not held accountable.The most enjoyable part of the job is the day-to-day contact with the clients and learning about their lives, goals and dreams. It give me joy to help them navigate through difficult times and achieve their dreams.","Financial Specialist","Current Employee","Brunswick, OH 44212","January 30, 2013","3.0"
"Fun workplace, cool people","high-volume, inbound call center. great managers and co-workers. very high volume of calls, meeting call handle time requirements is difficult.","Call Center Consultant","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","January 29, 2013","3.0"
