6350,"Not extremely demanding. Flexable hours. Decent pay","A typical day for me consists of servicing multiple transactions for customers' accounts and providing additional products for new/existing clients. I learned a lot about sales, sales goals, and how to work alone/with a team/mentor someone. Management trusts me to make decisions without guidance because of my experience, but I am always able to come to them when the circumstance calls for it The hardest part of the job is making sure we prevent robberies/theft because criminals are constantly creating methods to attempt to steal money/identities/etc,","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Lawrenceville NJ","July 27, 2013","4.0"
6351,"Nice Professional Enviornment with employee egornomics.","A typical day of work at this bank was nice. I lliked dealing and working with the customers. I knew what I was suppose to do on a daily basis. Management was nice, I enjoyed being recognized and appreciated. The hardest part of my job was not being able to open an account for customers that really needed them. The most enjoyable part of my job was the relaxed atmosphere. It was professional and easy, I liked making the customers smile and leave with a better attitude overall. My co-workers were easy to work with. I didn't have problems in that area.","Supervisor","Former Employee","Euclid, OH","July 26, 2013","4.0"
6352,"Great life Experience","The job itself is pretty easy. The best things about working there are meeting new people and helping customers.","Teller","Current Employee","Mount Airy, MD","July 24, 2013","4.0"
6353,"n/a","could be better in terms of compensation and advancement opportunities","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2013","3.0"
6354,"n/a","Traditional bank: not a lot of advancement opportunities for minorities once a certain level is attained.","Associate Trust Advisor","Current Employee","Philadelphia, PA","July 24, 2013","3.0"
6355,"Productive","Acquisition of bank accounts.Customer Oriented.Great co-workers you meet good people and I learned about banking.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Fort lauderdale","July 24, 2013","4.0"
6356,"Excellent place to work. this bank really cares about their employees !"," Its a very positive enviornment to work in and very easy going.","Customer Service Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 23, 2013","4.0"
6357,"Enjoyable, easy going, smaller department position","*Small department. *Work flowed smoothly. *Trained to cover others positions. *Problem resolution. *Auditing","Sales Support Specialist","Former Employee","Kalamazoo, MI","July 23, 2013","5.0"
6358,"Banking is Banking","If you ever work for a bank then you will know that each banks are pretty much the same unless they truly value their employee's well being first.","Operation Specialist","Former Employee","Itasca, IL","July 22, 2013","1.0"
6359,"Typical Work Day for me at this bank","•Responsible for the day-to-day administrative operations and compliance of a Private Client Group branch with four or more registered associates within a Market/Complex. •Meet with clients to collect financial information, assess investment profile and evaluate client's financial needs. •Advise clients regarding advantages and disadvantages of different financial products and determine which financial products are suitable for client needs and financial circumstances. •Directly assist the Market and Regional Managers/Presidents with management of the branch profit and loss statement and development of the branch business plan. •Recruit Financial Advisors for the branch. •Serves as a Financial Advisor for personal clients, providing financial advice consistent with the clients goals and risk tolerance. •Provide leadership to increase revenue and client relationships. •Maintain oversight of daily transaction activity within the branch to ensure compliance and regulatory requirements are met. •Responsibility for passing an annual FDIC retail branch audit. •Deal with a high level of customer contact daily, utilizing my management experience. •Recognize sales opportunities for new and existing customers. •Obtain existing customers entire banking relationships; mortgages, equity lines, checking, money market, CD, savings, IRA, brokerage accounts and annuities. •Provide insight to customers regarding long-term financial planning. •Management of Book of Business portfolio (in-house customer database) to increase and retain existing client assets and meet potential new clients needs - more...","Retail Banking","Current Employee","Wilmington, NC","July 22, 2013","4.0"
6360,"Management issues cause great concern for job security","The environment has been difficult with so much turn-over in Management. In one year I'm on my 3rd manager who's been in place for 4 months and already has one foot out the door! It raises a great deal of concern for the team. What is upper management thinking in their hiring decisions for managers. So much talent exists within the team that their hiring decision could have made so much more sense by promoting from within. Team members are beginning to look elsewhere for opportunites outside of the company due their less than acceptable practices. To boot, salaries and compensation in at least the sales division is one of the poorest ever experienced. Big Box store greeters are being equally compensated or more than our sales consultants who hold great responsibility and are responsible for making the company money! Those billion dollar quarters are not possible without the main revenue producing division: SALES...Not sure if ever the company will take a step back and realize where their priorities need to be vs. where they are.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 22, 2013","1.0"
6361,"Nice","Ok job. comfortable office, nice hours. I'm meant to be outdoors however and it just wasn't my thing.","Account Specialist","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 21, 2013","3.0"
6362,"great staff and great training","training was a week long and very thorough. mileage reimbursement for training and awesome benefits.","Retail Banking Representative","Former Employee","Detroit, MI","July 20, 2013","4.0"
6363,"Terrible/micro manage/ sales sales sales","This was my first bank job as a teller and each day. Consist of complaining about sales and referrals and customers. Nothing is ever good enough unless you're 700% above your goals Your best isn't enough and the company doesn't care about you as a person. Definitely not what I thought a bank job would entail. Unless you like to hear complaining and have ridiculously set goals which are unreachable, run from this bank!","Teller","Current Employee","Fraser, MI","July 19, 2013","1.0"
6364,"Tax Credit Capital division","A typical day at work consists of analyzing financial statements, producing financial projections, and working with real estate developers to solve problems arising during the construction period of development. I have learned much about low income housing and tax credit financing along with debt, equity and bond financing. The most enjoyable part of the position is visiting the construction sites to inspect construction progress.","Stabilization Manager","Current Employee","Louisville, KY","July 17, 2013","4.0"
6365,"work-life at this bank","Working for this bank was a really different experience from the 17+ years I spent working for another major financial institution in Chicago. My typical day ran smoothly with all tellers aboard for our morning meetings as we took pre-lobby drive up customers. At 9am, the doors opened and off we went. I learned a lot about the diferent businesses and their needs in the neighborhood as well as the many walk in customers from the surrounding blocks near the branch. Most notably, Brookfield, Illinois. My manager was very hands on in his day to day coaching of me and my staff, to help exhibit 5 Star customer service every day to every customer. Very nurturing when it came to outside work needs, such as family leave. My staff I managed were well groomed in customer service at this branch, since most of them were in place at this location from the 2 banks before this bank. The hardest part of my actual job was trying to cross sell more new products to the retired and 'older money' that was already well established in the branch as well as the neighborhood or 40-50 years. The most enjoyable part of my job was on Saturdays when everyone was in for a shorter day and the vibe in the branch from everyone made us feel like we had done a great job pulling together through the past week and now it was the weekend. All to turn around and do it all again on Monday.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","LaGrange Park, Illinois","July 17, 2013","5.0"
6366,"High energy Positive atmosphere","a typical work day is similar to most consistently learning something new. My team was very very productive and easy to get along with. The most difficult portion of my job is the constant turn over rate and drastic increase of responsibility. the most enjoyable part of my job is just knowing that because of me, I was able to help and make someones day.","Teller/Teller Branch Supervisor Back-up","Current Employee","Lancaster, PA","July 16, 2013","4.0"
6367,"Family oriented","I have been here one year and ready to move up to advance No room for growth at this time. My co workers are good. The hardest part of the job was the changing everyday thru email. The most enjoyable part was some of the duties","Single Point OF Contact","Current Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 16, 2013","4.0"
6368,"Great training system"," this bank has a great training class which able me to continue in the banking world.","Bilingual assistant","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 14, 2013","5.0"
6369,"Appearances were deceiving","Days began with a motivating morning meeting filled with statistics and a focus for the day. There were both peak times and down time during the day. I utilized down time by ordering supplies, settling an ATM, reorganizing my drawer, or taking various computerized trainings and tests available on this bank University. I enhanced my skills in efficiency and customer service in this position, developed relationships with clients, learned and sold a product line, and gained experience in operating various machines Management was initially supportive and encouraging, but became distant as new employees, including myself, became self sufficient. Morning meeting began to focus on information beyond the scope of tellers responsibilities. Feedback and monthly coaching/reviews were set on the back burner and came weeks or even months late. The teller line became discouraged and morale went way down The hardest part of the job eventually became having a positive attitude and a drive and desire to go to work. The product line began to change and low income customers or customers who didn't use this bank as their primary bank were starting to be weaned out of their accounts by increased fees. The managerial training approach to having these conversations with these customers was callous and unsympathetic. My work/life balance became disturbed The most enjoyable part of this job was building rapport with customers, and having the chance to do with I do best everyday. Fitting customers with products and watching them react to a banking relationship they had never experienced before felt - more...","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Indianapolis, IN","July 13, 2013","2.0"
6370,"A solid Financial Services organization focused on Stock Holders equity"," this bank is a good place to work. However, management backing and capital allocation to support internal services severely lags, primarily in technology.","Finance Manager","Former Employee","Cleveland, OH","July 12, 2013","3.0"
6371,"Productive and fun place to work","Working at this bank was a greet experience to learn and meet great customers. Easy to give excellent customer service with the training given. The goals were tough to meet at times but if we as a branch stopped competing with each other and we started completing each other by helping with goals to be reached.. I had a great manager and friend. Always willing to help and train.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Oaklyn, NJ","July 10, 2013","5.0"
6372,"A very tech savy company","They will make you feel part of the company day 1. They are very tech reliant.","Mortage Underwriter","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","July 10, 2013","5.0"
6373,"Was not a bad place to work early on got worse as time went by.","Typical day was taking in transactions, helping customers and balancing books. Management was good but too disconnected from reality. Co workers are with you in the trenches and can be just as discouraged. At this point I can't think of one thing that was enjoyable about this job.","Assistant Manager","Former Employee","Hackensack, New Jersey","July 10, 2013","3.0"
6374,"fun place to work with very energetic people","ordinary work days were very eventful yet very productive. Everyday was there was something new to be learned but fellow co-workers made it fun. The manager and supervisor were both patient, understanding and helpful. they would both go above and beyond to help out.","PT Teller","Current Employee","Onley, VA","July 9, 2013","5.0"
6375,"Excellent Employer"," this bank is very good at finding training and retaining excellent employees.","Business Compensation Advisor","Former Employee","Pittsburgh, PA","July 8, 2013","4.0"
6376,"Primary objective","My primary objective at this bank is to acquire business to bring to the bank. I have to create business plans in order to reach goals, and also come up with activities to attract potential customers. I meet my customer's financial needs by offering solutions that helps them meet their goals. I also work as a teller, and handle cash transactions regularly and find solutions to complex issues like customers over drafting their accounts. I always have to be proactive in an effort to find the new business the bank needs","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","sparta, nj","July 8, 2013","4.0"
6377,"Good work environment","Dual and sole custody opening procedures. Daily cash balancing. Meeting daily and quarterly sales goals. There were 5-7 other consultants on the floor at all times so there was competition. Hardest part of the job was the distance from home. Most enjoyable part of the job was how much I learned and experience I gained.","Financial Sales Consultant","Former Employee","Wyckoff, NJ","July 8, 2013","4.0"
6378,"Still trying to figure out who they are in the Mortgage world","Servicing is struggling and no one knows how to fix it. I would hope they do get it fixed because it could be a great company.","Mortgage Loan Officer","Current Employee","Overland Park, KS","July 5, 2013","2.0"
6379,"it is okay","so far I can see pay is low, it is decent hours. it seems like the management do care about you, but the opportunity for advancement is limited","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","zion, il","July 4, 2013","3.0"
6380,"Professional workplace with room to learn and grow.","No day is typical. One must be ready to react to many different situations as they arise. There are new things to learn every day. Management holds high standards and expects employees to be self motivated and descreet about proprietary and sensitive work issues. Co-workers are team players who support and work together to achieve organizational goals. A challenging part of the job is to maintain priorities in an extremely active work environment; to stay focused and professional at all times. Interaction with people, both co-workers, high level executives, and customers keep the position interesting, challenging and enjoyable.","Administrative Assistant","Current Employee","New Jersey","July 3, 2013","4.0"
6381,"Architected and managed Projects","• Architected the migration of the company's main products from legacy technologies to the Microsoft .NET platform • Architected and developed 16 different Applications with a combination of different technologies in 14months with a team of 102 located in 4 different US states. These 16 different applications affected 18000 Lending Technologies employees and millions of Credit and Consumer loan customers. • Substantially improved all areas of the software development life cycle for the company products, introducing frameworks, methodologies, and best practices to the team. Established iterative development process, set up a QA lab, significantly amended release management and documentation. • Improved and enhanced software engineering processes by using Agile methodologies, continuous integration, and test-driven development. • Defined enterprise documentation standards and practices for project engagement and definition, use cases, test cases, technical documentation, support requests, and maintenance agreements. Mentored project teams; created, reviewed, and audited documentation artifacts, as needed. • Assisted Human Resource on both in recruitment phase and in performance appraisal phase. • Product lines built upon service-oriented enterprise architectures and open source frameworks (Struts, Spring, Hibernate) that are secure (Kerberos, X.509), scalable, extensible (component-oriented), interoperable (XML, SVC, Web Services), manageable, and serviceable. • Built and nurtured Line-Of-Business relationships, and doubled the revenues during the first year after the - more...","DOT NET Architect","Current Employee","Cleveland,OH","July 3, 2013","5.0"
6382,"Former employee for more than 25 years and then laid off","The hardest part of the work was working through the displacement of the department when this bank took bank N Bank over back in 2010. As employees we needed to continue to work to our high standards or jeopardize any type of severance since they are an 'At will employer' so for any reason they could fire us Now when you call this bank HR to talk about retirement I am given two distinctly different answers so now were do you go? Just looking for some general answers about the options available for retirement payments and how to get the process started. Very disappointing call!","Retail Banking Officer Fraud Investigator","Former Employee","Royal Oak, Michigan","July 3, 2013","2.0"
6383,"n/a","A place that really did not meet the expectations that were presented to me","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Rocky Mount, NC","July 2, 2013","1.0"
6384,"Perspective: this bank","A typical day at work consisted of ensuring a wonderful customer experience, usage of 5 Star languange, and suggesting products/services to the customer. I learned how to talk and build relationships with people, to uncover needs that may help people, and mostly on how to cultivate relationships in order to grow with that customer on a regular basis. I didn't always agree with my manager, but I was able to learn so much just by watching, listening, and applying the things that I had seen in my time at this bank. I figure you won't always agree with the vision of your leader, but you always have to follow no matter the destination. I loved working with my staff. They were/are great people who worked hard at ensuring the success of the branch. I was able to supervise some of the most dynamic people within the finance industry and achieve so much within a short time. The hardest part of the job was the learning curve of my various positions. Being able to bounce back from mistakes and learning from those things to ensure future successes The most enjoyable part of my job was interacting with the customers. I met a lot of great people on a day to day basis and was able to cultivate the relationship in and out of the banking realm of things.","Branch Manager","Former Employee","Dunwoody, GA","July 1, 2013","4.0"
6385,"Fun place, great manager","When I left Saegertown had one of the best managers to work with and a great team atmosphere","Teller","Former Employee","Saegertown, PA","June 27, 2013","5.0"
6386,"Stressful job, but rewarding","As any banking job, it can get stressful with rules and regs, but it is a fun and rewarding job","Full time teller","Current Employee","linesville, pa","June 27, 2013","3.0"
6387,"Typical bank job"," this bank has, over the past few years, slowly eliminated positions while demanding more from the still working employees. Overall a good company to work for with a decent benefits package.","Teller Supervisor","Current Employee","Lansing, MI","June 26, 2013","4.0"
6388,"Great company for working mothers","I mostly enjoyed working with a team of seasoned professionals in the banking industry.","Senior Associate","Former Employee","Palm Beach, FL","June 26, 2013","4.0"
6389,"Great Company","Great company, it offers extensive mortgage opportunities","Mortgage Negotiator","Former Employee","Jacksonville, FL","June 26, 2013","5.0"
6390,"typical retail bank job","lack of training made it hard to manage an office that had little to no experienced staff.
6391,","Assistant Vice President","Former Employee","pittsburgh,pa","June 26, 2013","3.0"
6392,"not teh best place to work","it's horrible being stuck in a grocery store, my manager didn't really care what we did or our growth.","Financial Sales Consultant","Current Employee","Dumont, NJ","June 25, 2013","1.0"
6393,"Nice job to work from home","I answer between 100 and 120 calls a day. This job is a very high level of stress. We have to be consistant with every customer that calls in and to help them achieve their financial goals. I enjoy helping the customers with their banking needs. The hardest part of this job is having to tell a customer no that we are unable to refund fees from them.","Financial Service Representative","Current Employee","Kalamazoo MI","June 24, 2013","3.0"
6394,"Too Inconsistent","Nothing is in black and white - rules are made up as you go. Compensation is pitiful, unless your a branch manager or higher. It was okay for the time I was there, but I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.","Teller Supervisor","Former Employee","Columbus, OH","June 24, 2013","3.0"
6395,"Teller","helping customers with their daily transactions from cashing checks, depositing, withdrawaling and approach customers with products referral to meet their financial needs.","Teller","Former Employee","Bridgewater, NJ","June 20, 2013","5.0"
6396,"Horrid place to work, great place to learn","local management in the Alabama area is clueless to how to make this bank work in the local market. Local manager will ask you too unethical things to boost your numbers thereby boosting her numbers. Be careful!","Banking Center Manager","Former Employee","AL","June 20, 2013","2.0"
6397,"Amazing Management","Amazing management team that encouraged personal and business successes. Great team and work environment.","Bank Teller","Former Employee","Easton, PA","June 19, 2013","4.0"
6398,"Productive and learning environment","I took care of clients' banking needs and assisted them with any issues they had. I learned how to effectively multi task while still delivering a 5 star customer service experience. The hardest part of my job was to overcome obstacles such as referring clients to other products or having investment conversations. But, with the help of coaching, I faced my fears and now feel comfortable. The most enjoyable part of my job is the people I work with and the different people I see to have a new conversation daily.","Bank Teller","Current Employee","Fort Pierce, FL","June 18, 2013","5.0"
6399,"nice place to work","scan the docs scan the docs, scanning software they used, coworkers were ok I stayed to my self,job was fairly easy,going home
